Dear Amrize
Shareholders,
On June 23, 2025, we launched Amrize as an
independent, publicly traded company to be
the partner of choice for the professional
builders of North America. We have set a
strong foundation and are well positioned for
long term, profitable growth.
In 2025, we increased Revenues to $11.8
billion and delivered $1.2 billion of Net
income and $3.0 billion of Adjusted EBITDA1.
We generated strong Operating Cash Flow of
$2.2 billion and Free Cash Flow1 of $1.5
billion, and we finished the year with a Net
Leverage Ratio1 of 1.1x.
As we closed 2025, we saw growing
customer demand in cement and aggregates,
as well as continued positive pricing. Our
Building Envelope business was affected by
the soft residential roofing market, while
commercial repair and refurbishment
remained resilient.
Strong Long-Term Market Demand
We serve a $200 billion addressable market
across commercial, infrastructure and
residential construction.
In the commercial sector, we saw improving
demand as 2025 progressed. Data center
construction continues to be a bright spot as
hyperscalers rapidly build out the
infrastructure that will power the AI economy.

1

In the commercial market we expect growth
in 2026 as customers accelerate investments
in manufacturing, warehousing and logistics.
Within infrastructure, demand continues to
be steady. We see increasingly
domestic-focused agendas both in the U.S.
and Canada. Each country is prioritizing
national investments and domestic materials
to build strong futures, which positions
Amrize well as the local partner with national
scale.
The residential market remained soft in 2025
with interest rate and affordability concerns
limiting construction activity.
As interest rates continue to decline, we
expect pent up demand to unwind and
construction activity to accelerate across all
sectors.
Long term, North America is the world’s most
attractive construction market driven by
mega trends from infrastructure
modernization and onshoring of advanced
manufacturing to data center expansion and
the need to bridge the housing gap.
We have a strong pipeline of projects and are
proud to be serving our customers’ most
demanding builds across these growth
trends.

Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow represent Non-GAAP measures and are defined on page 61 and reconciled on pages 61-62 in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Net Leverage Ratio is defined as the sum of short-term borrowings, long-term debt ($4.9 billion) and current
portion of long-term ($0.3 billion) debt minus Cash and cash equivalents ($1.9 billion), divided by trailing 12 months Adjusted EBITDA ($3.0
billion).

Investing for Growth
We are increasing growth investments to
expand production, improve efficiencies and
best serve our customers.

In Oklahoma, we are investing in a greenfield
aggregates quarry, adding 200 million tons of
reserves for the region.

In 2025, we invested $788 million in CapEx, a
23% increase from 2024. In 2026, we plan to
increase CapEx to $900 million.

In Western Canada, we are adding 50,000
tons of production capacity at our Exshaw
Cement Plant to support the growing Calgary
market.

In December 2025, we completed the
production expansion of our cement plant in
Ste. Genevieve, Missouri, North America’s
largest and market-leading cement plant,
adding 660,000 tons of capacity, increasing
the plant’s total capacity to 5.5 million tons
annually.
To serve growing demand in the Dallas
Fort-Worth region, we are expanding
production capacity at our Midlothian
Cement Plant by 100,000 tons, modernizing
plant logistics and increasing operational
efficiency.

In Québec, we are investing to expand our St.
Constant Cement Plant by 300,000 tons of
production capacity and increase operational
efficiency.
In Franklin, Indiana, we are building a
state-of-the-art Malarkey shingles plant to
expand our market share to the attractive
Midwest and Eastern markets.
In addition to CapEx, we are executing on our
M&A strategy and have a strong pipeline of
value-accretive opportunities ahead.

In 2025, we completed three bolt-on
acquisitions and early this year we completed
the acquisition of PB Materials, the
aggregates leader in high-growth West
Texas.
Part of our profitable growth strategy, this
acquisition strengthens our aggregates
business, adding over 50 years of
aggregates reserves in West Texas to serve
long term demand. PB Materials adds 26
operational sites into our network, extending
operations throughout Texas and the
Southern region as infrastructure, energy
projects, data centers and commercial
investments drive construction growth.
Driving Synergies with ASPIRE
We launched our ASPIRE program in 2025 to
accelerate synergies. Leveraging our scale
across 1,000 sites and two business
segments, we are optimizing third party
spending and driving efficiencies in our
operational footprint and logistics network.

The Board is also proposing an annual
ordinary dividend of $0.44 per share, to be
paid in quarterly installments.
These dividends, to be voted on by our
Shareholders, will be paid out of capital
contribution reserves and are not subject to
Swiss withholding tax.
I thank my fellow Board Members for their
leadership in the first year of Amrize.
Together, we are providing strong
governance to support the company’s
priorities of market leadership and superior
value creation.
As I engage with our teammates and
customers, I am truly excited about the
future. We have established a strong
foundation and are well positioned to deliver
long term, profitable growth.
I sincerely thank our customers for their trust,
our teammates for their commitment and our
Shareholders for their confidence in Amrize.

We realized initial savings in the fourth
quarter of 2025 and are targeting 70 basis
points of margin expansion through ASPIRE
in 2026. We are on track to achieve $250
million in synergies through 2028.
Delivering Shareholder Value
Our strong cash conversion and balance
sheet provide the flexibility and firepower to
fuel our growth and return cash to our
shareholders.
The Amrize Board of Directors has approved
a $1.0 billion share repurchase program and
is proposing a special one-time dividend of
$0.44 per share payable following the Annual
General Meeting.

Jan Jenisch
Chairman and CEO

1

Adjusted EBITDA, Free Cash Flow and Net Leverage Ratio represent Non-GAAP measures, which are defined on page [59]
and reconciled on pages [59-61] in the annual Report on Form 10K

To our shareholders:
You are cordially invited to attend Amrize’s 2026 Annual General Meeting.
The 2026 Annual General Meeting will be held on April 21, 2026 at the Theater Casino Zug, in Zug, Switzerland. Doors
will open at 08:00 am CEST and the 2026 Annual General Meeting will begin at 09:00 am CEST.
Enclosed is the Invitation and Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual General Meeting, which includes an agenda and
discussion of the items to be voted on at the 2026 Annual General Meeting, instructions on how you can exercise your
voting rights, and all relevant information.
Whether or not you plan to attend the 2026 Annual General Meeting, your vote is important, and you should take the
steps provided so that your shares are represented at the 2026 Annual General Meeting.
Thank you for your continued support,

Jan Jenisch
Chairman and CEO

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
We provide a discussion of a variety of risks associated with our business in our annual report on form 10­K for the year
ended December 31, 2025 (the ‘‘2025 Form 10-K’’) that was filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on
February 18, 2026. This invitation and proxy statement, our 2025 Form 10­K and other written reports and oral
statements made from time to time by us contain statements that, to the extent they are not recitations of historical fact,
constitute forward­looking statements within the meaning of federal securities law. Investors are cautioned that all
forward looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and are based on assumptions that we believe in good faith
are reasonable, but which may be materially different from actual results. Investors can identify these statements by the
fact that they do not relate only to historic or current facts. The ‘‘may,’’ ‘‘will,’’ ‘‘could,’’ ‘‘should,’’ ‘‘might,’’
‘‘projects,’’ ‘‘expects,’’ ‘‘believes,’’ ‘‘anticipates,’’ ‘‘intends,’’ ‘‘plans,’’ ‘‘continue,’’ ‘‘estimate,’’ or ‘‘pursue,’’ or the
negative or other variations thereof or comparable terms in connection with future events or future operating or financial
performance are intended to identify forward­looking statements. Any or all Amrize’s forward­looking statements may
turn out to be wrong. Statements and assumptions regarding future actions, strategies, future performance, the outcome
of contingencies such as legal proceedings, our current sustainability targets and ambitions, and regulatory compliance
are examples of forward­looking statements. Numerous factors, could affect Amrize’s forward­looking statements and
actual performance. Readers are also cautioned that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors.
Consequently, the reader should not consider any such list to be a complete statement of all potential risks or
uncertainties. Other factors besides those listed may also adversely affect Amrize and may be material to Amrize. These
forward­looking statements are made as of the date hereof based on management’s current expectations, and Amrize
does not undertake an obligation to update such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or
otherwise, other than as required by law.

1

GLOSSARY
Unless defined otherwise, capitalized terms used throughout this invitation and proxy statement shall have the meaning
ascribed to them in this glossary.
Annual General Meeting
Articles of Association
Amrize
Annual Report
Beneficial Shareholder

Board
Broadridge
Chairman
Compensation Committee
Compensation Report

Computershare
Consolidated Financial Statements
Director
DTC Beneficial Shareholder

Executive Management
Independent Voting Representative
Initial Record Date
Invitation and Proxy Statement
Named Executive Officers

Nomination & Governance Committee
Non-Financial Matters Report
Recorded Shareholder
SCO
Second Record Date
SIX Beneficial Shareholder

means an annual general meeting of shareholders of Amrize.
means Amrize Ltd’s articles of association.
means Amrize Ltd, CHE­238.689.758, with registered offices at
Grafenauweg 8, 6300 Zug, Switzerland.
means the annual report according to Art. 958 s. 2 SCO.
means a Shareholder who holds shares through a bank, broker, or
other organization, and who is considered to be the ‘‘beneficial
owner’’ of those shares.
means the board of directors or Amrize.
means Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.
means the chairman of the Board.
means the compensation committee of Amrize as defined in Amrize’s
organizational regulations.
means the compensation report (including the compensation
disclosure & analysis, compensation tables, report of the
compensation committee and the Swiss Statutory Remuneration
Report) included in this Invitation and Proxy Statement.
means Computershare Trust Company N.A.
means Amrize’s consolidated financial statements according to Art.
963 SCO.
means a member of the Board.
means a Beneficial Shareholder holding its shares through a
brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee through the DTC settlement
system.
means the executive management of Amrize as defined in Amrize’s
organizational regulations dated 23 June 2025.
means Amrize’s independent voting representative according to Art.
689c SCO.
means February 24, 2026, 11:59 PM ET (February 25, 2026, 5:59 AM
CET).
means this invitation and proxy statement.
means Jan Jenisch (Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer), Ian Johnston (Chief Financial Officer), Denise Singleton
(Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary), Jaime Hill (President,
Building Materials) and Jake Gosa (President, Building Envelope).
means the nomination & governance committee of Amrize as defined
in Amrize’s organizational regulations.
means the report on non­financial matters according to Art. 964a et
sqq. SCO.
means Shareholders, whose shares are registered directly in the Share
Register in their own name.
means the Swiss Code of Obligations (SR 220).
means April 6, 2026, 11:59 PM EDT (April 7, 2026, 5:59 AM CEST).
means a Beneficial Shareholder holding its shares through a
brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee through the SIX SIS
settlement system.

2

Shareholder(s)
Share Register
Statutory Financial Statements
Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report

U.S. GAAP

means a shareholder of Amrize.
means Amrize’s share register maintained by Computershare.
means Amrize’s standalone statutory (i.e., non­consolidated) financial
statements.
means the remuneration report according to Art. 734 et sqq. SCO
contained under the section ‘‘Swiss Compensation Report Tables’’ in
the Compensation Report.
means accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.

3

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF AMRIZE − AGENDA ITEMS
1.

Approval of the Annual Report, including the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Statutory Financial
Statements of Amrize for fiscal year 2025

2.

Advisory vote to approve the compensation of the Named Executive Officers for fiscal year 2025 (‘‘Say on Pay
Vote’’)

3.

Advisory vote on the frequency of ‘‘Say on Pay Vote’’

4.

Advisory vote on the Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report for fiscal year 2025

5.

Advisory vote on the Non­Financial Matters Report for fiscal year 2025

6.

Offsetting of accumulated losses for fiscal year 2025

7.

Approval of a special distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution in the amount of USD 0.44 per
outstanding share

8.

Approval of the regular distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution in the amount of up to USD 0.44 per
outstanding share in up to four (4) installments

9.

Discharge of the members of the Board and the Executive Management from liability for activities during fiscal
year 2025

10. Re­election and Election of the Board
10.A. Re­election of Jan Jenisch
10.B. Re­election of Nick Gangestad
10.C. Re­election of Dwight Gibson
10.D. Re­election of Holli Ladhani
10.E. Re­election of Michael E. McKelvy
10.F.

Re­election of Jürg Oleas

10.G. Re­election of Robert Rivkin
10.H. Re­election of Katja Roth Pellanda
10.I.

Re­election of Maria Cristina A. Wilbur

10.J.

Election of Don P. Newman

10.K. Election of Jacques Wolf Sanche
11. Re­election of Jan Jenisch as Chairman
12. Re­election of the Compensation Committee
12.A. Re­election of Nick Gangestad
12.B. Re­election of Katja Roth Pellanda
12.C. Re­election of Maria Cristina A. Wilbur
13. Approval of the maximum aggregate compensation for the Board for the period from the 2026 Annual General
Meeting to the 2027 Annual General Meeting
14. Approval of the maximum aggregate compensation for the Executive Management for fiscal year 2027
15. Re­election of Ernst & Young AG as Amrize’s statutory auditors and ratification of the appointment of Ernst &
Young LLP as Amrize’s independent registered public accounting firm for U.S. securities law reporting for fiscal
year 2026
16. Re­election of Advoro Zurich Ltd as Independent Voting Representative

4

Proposal 1:

Approval of the Annual Report, including the Consolidated Financial Statements and the
Statutory Financial Statements of Amrize for fiscal year 2025

Explanation
The Annual Report, enclosed hereto as Annex A, contains
•

the Consolidated Financial Statements;

•

the Statutory Financial Statements;

•

the reports of Amrize’s auditors on the Consolidated Financial Statements and on the Statutory Financial
Statements;

•

information relating to corporate governance as required by the SIX Swiss Exchange Directive on
Information relating to Corporate Governance.

The Annual Report is also available at https://investors.amrize.com/.
Pursuant to Art. 698 para. 2 item 4 SCO, the management report (except where the company establishes consolidated
financial statements pursuant to a recognized international accounting standards such as U.S. GAAP), the standalone
statutory financial statements and, if applicable, the consolidated financial statements of a company with regard to the
preceding financial year must be submitted to shareholders for approval at each annual general meeting of shareholders.
Amrize’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and therefore, Amrize is not
required to submit the management report to a shareholder vote. In the event of a negative vote on this proposal by
shareholders, the Board may call an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders for reconsideration of this proposal
by the Shareholders, but is not required to do so.
Ernst & Young AG, as Amrize’s statutory auditor, issued an unqualified recommendation to the 2026 Annual General
Meeting that the Consolidated Financial Statements and Statutory Financial Statements of Amrize for fiscal year 2025
be approved. Ernst & Young AG expressed their opinion that the Consolidated Financial Statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position, the results of operations and the cash flows in accordance with U.S. GAAP and
comply with Swiss law. They further expressed their opinion and confirmed that the Statutory Financial Statements and
the proposed appropriation of available earnings comply with Swiss law and the Articles of Association and that the
Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report complies with Swiss law Articles of Association.
Proposal
The Board proposes that the Annual Report, including the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Statutory
Financial Statements of Amrize for the fiscal year 2025, be approved.
Voting requirement to approve proposal
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes validly represented at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An
abstention, blank or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’ approval of the Annual Report, including the Consolidated Financial Statements
and the Statutory Financial Statements of Amrize for the fiscal year 2025.

5

Proposal 2:

Advisory vote to approve the compensation of the Named Executive Officers for fiscal year
2025 (‘‘Say on Pay Vote’’)

Explanation
The Board is asking the Shareholders to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of Amrize’s Named Executive
Officers disclosed in the Compensation Report, including the compensation discussion and analysis and the
compensation tables, beginning on page 48. The vote under this Proposal 2 is not intended to address any specific items
of compensation or any specific Named Executive Officer, but rather the overall compensation of Amrize’s Named
Executive Officers and the philosophy, policies and practices described in the Compensation discussion and analysis.
This say­on­pay vote is advisory and therefore not binding. It is carried out as a best practice and to comply with
applicable U.S. proxy statement rules, and is consequently independent from, and comes in addition to,
•

the binding vote on the approval of the maximum aggregate compensation for the Board for the period from
the 2026 Annual General Meeting to 2027 Annual General Meeting pursuant to Proposal 13 below;

•

the binding vote on the approval of the maximum aggregate compensation for the Executive Management for
fiscal year 2027 pursuant to Proposal 14 below; and

•

advisory vote on the Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report for fiscal year 2025 pursuant to Proposal 4.

However, the say­on­pay vote will provide information to Amrize regarding the Shareholder’s views about our
executive compensation philosophy, policies and practices, which the Compensation Committee will be able to
consider when determining future executive compensation.
The Compensation Committee has developed a compensation program that is described more fully in the compensation
discussion and analysis for fiscal year 2025 included in this Invitation and Proxy Statement.
Proposal
The Board proposes that the Shareholders approve, on an advisory basis, the Named Executive Officers compensation
disclosed in the Compensation Report for fiscal year 2025.
Voting requirement to approve proposal
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes validly represented at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An
abstention, blank or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’ approval of the following advisory resolution:
‘‘Resolved, that the compensation paid to Amrize’s named executive officers as disclosed in the Compensation Report
for fiscal year 2025 is hereby approved.’’

6

Proposal 3:

Advisory Vote on the frequency of ‘‘Say on Pay Vote’’

Explanation
Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires that shareholders be provided every six years with an
advisory vote as to whether the advisory vote on the compensation of Amrize’s named executive officers should occur
every one, two or three years.
As this is the first year in which Amrize is required to file a proxy statement and giving the Shareholders the opportunity
to vote on an advisory basis on the compensation of Amrize’s Named Executive Officers, the Board proposes that the
Shareholders be provided with an advisory vote on whether the advisory vote on the compensation of Amrize’s named
executive officers should occur every one, two or three years. Shareholders may also, if they wish, abstain from voting
on this Proposal 3. Amrize is presenting this proposal to give the Shareholders the opportunity to inform us as to how
often you wish Amrize to hold an advisory vote on executive compensation. As an advisory vote, the Shareholders’ vote
on this proposal is not binding on Amrize. However, the Board will review voting results and will give consideration to
such voting.
The Board recommends that an advisory vote on executive compensation be held every year. Since the compensation
of the named executive officers of Amrize is evaluated, adjusted and approved by the Compensation Committee on an
annual basis, the Board believes that holding such vote every year will provide a communication channel for the
Shareholders to provide input on Amrize’s compensation philosophy, policies and practices as disclosed in the proxy
statement every year. In the future, we may determine that a less frequent advisory vote is appropriate, either in response
to the vote of the Shareholders on this Proposal 3 or for other reasons. The Proxy Card provides the Shareholders with
the opportunity to choose among four options (holding the vote every one, two or three years, or abstaining) and
therefore the Shareholders will not be voting to approve or disapprove the recommendation of the Board.
Proposal
The Board proposes that the Shareholders vote ‘‘FOR’’ the option of every one year for future advisory votes on the
compensation of Amrize’s named executive officers.
Voting Requirement to Approve Proposal
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes validly represented at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An
abstention, blank or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal.
Recommendation
The Board proposes that the Shareholders vote ‘‘FOR’’ the option of every one year for future advisory votes on the
compensation of Amrize’s named executive officers.

7

Proposal 4:

Advisory vote on the Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report for fiscal year 2025

Explanation
In accordance with Art. 734 para. 1 SCO, Amrize is required to prepare a separate remuneration report and to submit it
annually to the Shareholders for an advisory vote. The Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report for fiscal year 2025 sets
forth, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, the aggregate compensation of the members of the Board and the
members of the Executive Management.
For the Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report for fiscal year 2025, together with the report of Amrize’s statutory auditor
thereon as included in this Invitation and Proxy Statement, please refer to the section ‘‘Swiss Compensation Report
Tables’’ in the Compensation Report on page 84.
Proposal
The Board proposes that the Shareholders approve, on an advisory basis, the Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report for
fiscal year 2025.
Voting requirement to approve proposal
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes validly represented at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An
abstention, blank or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’ approval, on an advisory basis, of the Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report for
the fiscal year 2025.

8

Proposal 5:

Advisory vote on the Non-Financial Matters Report for fiscal year 2025

Explanation
The Non­Financial Matters Report is enclosed hereto as Annex B. It is also available at https://investors.amrize.com/.
Under Swiss corporate law, qualified Swiss companies are required to prepare a non­financial matters report and to
submit it annually to their shareholders for an advisory vote at the annual general meeting of shareholders.
Amrize’s Non­Financial Matters Report covers environmental matters (including CO2), social matters, employee­
related matters, respect for human rights and combating corruption. Please refer to the section ‘‘2025 Non­Financial
Matters Report’’ hereafter.
SCV Consulting Ltd. provided a limited assurance in accordance with ISO 14064­3: 2019 on selected key performance
indicators included in the Non­Financial Matters Report.
Proposal
The Board proposes that the Shareholders approve, on an advisory basis, the Non­Financial Matters Report for fiscal
year 2025.
Voting requirement to approve proposal
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes validly represented at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An
abstention, blank or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’ approval, on an advisory basis, of the Non­Financial Matters Report for fiscal
year 2025.

9

Proposal 6:

Offsetting of accumulated losses for fiscal year 2025

Explanation
Under Swiss law, the appropriation of available earnings or accumulated loss, as the case may be, as set forth in a
company’s standalone statutory (i.e., non­consolidated) financial statements must be submitted to its shareholders for
approval at each annual general meeting of shareholders (Art. 698 para. 2 item 4 SCO).
Proposal
The Board proposes the following offsetting of accumulated losses:
Results carried forward . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net loss of the year. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Offset with legal retained earnings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Offset with legal capital reserves (other capital reserves) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance to be carried forward. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD

(354,954)
(101,901,952)
(102,256,906)
561
102,256,345
—

Voting requirement to approve proposal
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes validly represented at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An
abstention, blank or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’ approval of the proposed offsetting of accumulated losses for fiscal year 2025.

10

Proposal 7:

Approval of a special distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution in the amount of
USD 0.44 per outstanding share

Explanation
Under Swiss law, the distribution of legal reserves from capital contributions must be approved by the company’s
general meeting of shareholders. This year, the Board proposes both the approval of a special one­time dividend in the
form of a special distribution out of legal reserves from capital contribution reserves and the approval of the annual
ordinary dividend, also in the form of a distribution out of the legal reserves from capital contribution (see Proposal 8).
Proposal
The Board proposes the following appropriation of reserves:
Legal reserves from capital contribution (foreign and unconfirmed) . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Special distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Regular distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution (see Proposal 8). . . .
Balance to be carried forward. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

USD
USD
USD
USD

2,163,578,445
(249,425,226)
up to (250,657,000)
1,663,496,219

The Board proposes the approval of a special one­time dividend in the form of a special distribution out of the legal
reserves from capital contributions (foreign and unconfirmed) in the amount of up to USD 0.44 per outstanding share.
No distribution shall be made on shares held by Amrize or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries.
If the proposal of the Board is approved, the last trading day with entitlement to receive the distribution is expected to
be 23 April 2026. The shares will be traded ex­dividend on or around 24 April 2026. The distribution is expected to
occur on 4 May 2026.
Our statutory auditor, Ernst & Young AG, has confirmed that the proposal for the special distribution of legal reserves
from capital contributions conforms with the requirements of the SCO and our Articles of Association.
Voting requirement to approve proposal
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes validly represented at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An
abstention, blank or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’ the approval of the special distribution of legal reserves from capital
contribution in the amount of USD 0.44 per outstanding share.

1

The actual amount of the distribution will be determined based on the number of outstanding shares as of the last trading day with entitlement to
receive the dividend.

11

Proposal 8:

Approval of the regular distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution in the amount of
up to USD 0.44 per outstanding share in up to four (4) installments

Explanation
Under Swiss law, the distribution of legal reserves from capital contributions must be approved by the company’s
general meeting of shareholders.
Proposal
The Board proposes the following appropriation of reserves:
Legal reserves from capital contribution (foreign and unconfirmed) . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Special distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution2 (see Proposal 7) . . .
Regular distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance to be carried forward. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

USD
USD
USD
USD

2,163,578,445
(249,425,226)
up to (250,657,000)
1,663,496,219

The Board proposes the approval of the annual ordinary dividend in the form of a regular distribution out of the legal reserves
from capital contributions (foreign and unconfirmed) in the amount of up to USD 0.44 per outstanding share. The regular
distribution of the legal reserves from capital contributions (foreign and unconfirmed) will be made in up to four (4)
distribution installments until the date of the next Annual General Meeting, in the amount and at payment dates to be
determined by the Board in its discretion, and the sum of such distribution installments shall not exceed USD 0.44 per
outstanding share. The record date and payment date for each such distribution installment shall be announced in a press
release at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the respective record date. Payments of distribution installments will be made
with respect to Amrize’s outstanding share capital on the respective record date for the applicable payment of the distribution
installment, which will exclude any shares ofAmrize held byAmrize or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries. The reduction
to our reserve from capital contributions in our Statutory Financial Statements will be determined based on the aggregate
amount of the distribution paid through all distribution installments.
If the proposal is approved, the aggregate USD amount of the regular distribution of legal reserves from capital
contributions will be capped at an amount such that the aggregate reduction to our legal reserve from capital
contributions will not exceed USD 250,657,000. This includes a 3% margin (compared to the aggregate dividend
amount calculated by reference to the 553,082,525 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2025 and assuming a regular
distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution in the amount of USD 0.44 per outstanding share) to
accommodate new share issuances that may occur between the 2026 Annual General Meeting and the record date for the
payment of the fourth (4th) dividend installment.
The number of shares eligible for payments of distribution installments may change due to the repurchase of shares, the
sale of treasury shares, or the issuance of new shares, including based on Amrize’s capital band and conditional share
capital. Shares issued out of treasury or our capital band will be entitled to payments of distribution installments if
issued and outstanding as of the relevant record date for the payment of a distribution installment.
If the aggregate distribution is lower than the cap of USD 250,657,000, any unused amount will be allocated back toAmrize’s
legal reserves from capital contributions. To the extent that the payment of a distribution installment would cause the cap of
USD 250,657,000 to be exceeded, the USD amount of the current or future distribution will be reduced so that the aggregate
amount of all payments of distribution installments does not exceed the cap of USD 250,657,000. If the cap of USD
250,657,000 were reached, no further distribution of legal reserves from capital contributions can be made.
Our statutory auditor, Ernst & Young AG, has confirmed that the proposal for the regular distribution of legal reserves
from capital contributions conforms with the requirements of the SCO and our Articles of Association.
Voting requirement to approve proposal
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes validly represented at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An
abstention, blank or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’ the approval of the regular distribution of legal reserves from capital
contribution in the amount of up to USD 0.44 per outstanding share in up to four (4) installments.
2

The actual amount of the distribution will be determined based on the number of outstanding shares as of the last trading day with entitlement to
receive the dividend.

12

Proposal 9:

Discharge of the members of the Board and the Executive Management from liability for
activities during fiscal year 2025

Explanation
As is customary for Swiss corporations, the shareholders are requested to discharge the members of the Board and the
Executive Management from liability for their activities during the fiscal year 2025. This discharge from liability
exempts members of the Board and the Executive Management from liability claims brought by Amrize or the
Shareholders on behalf of Amrize against any of them for activities carried out during the fiscal year 2025 relating to
facts that have been disclosed to the Shareholders. Shareholders that do not vote in favor of this proposal or acquire their
shares after the vote on this proposal without knowledge of the approval of this proposal, are not bound by the result of
the vote on this proposal for a period ending twelve (12) months thereafter.
Proposal
The Board proposes that Shareholders discharge the members of the Board and Executive Management from liability
for activities during the fiscal year 2025.
Voting requirement to approve proposal
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes cast at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An abstention, blank
or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal. Members of the Board and the Executive
Management are not entitled to vote on this Proposal 9.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’the proposal to release the members of the Board and the Executive Management
from liability for activities during fiscal year 2025.

13

Proposal 10: Re-election and election of the Board
Explanation
The Board is presently composed of nine (9) Directors. Each Director was elected for a term from June 23, 2025 (the
date the spin­off of Amrize from the Holcim group took effect) to the 2026 Annual General Meeting.
At the recommendation of the Nomination & Governance Committee, the Board has nominated all current Directors to
continue to serve as directors for another one­year term, beginning at the completion of the 2026 Annual General
Meeting and ending at the completion of the 2027 Annual General Meeting and has nominated two (2) additional
directors, Don P. Newman and Jacques Wolf Sanche, to serve as directors for a one­year term, beginning at the
completion of the 2026 Annual General Meeting and ending at the completion of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
There will be a separate vote on each nominated Director.
The Board has no reason to believe that any of the nominated Directors will be unwilling or unable to serve, if re­elected
or elected as a Director.
For further information on the Board, including the current members of the Board, Board Committees, the means by
which the Board exercises supervision of the Executive Management, and other information, please see section
‘‘Corporate Governance and Board Matters – Members of the Board of Directors and Board Committees’’ hereafter.
Proposals
10.A. Re-election of Jan Jenisch
Proposal: The Board proposes that Jan Jenisch be re­elected to the Board for a one­year term ending at the closing of
the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
For biographical information and qualifications of Jan Jenisch, please refer to the section ‘‘Corporate Governance and
Board Matters – Members of the Board of Directors’’ hereafter.
10.B. Re-election of Nick Gangestad
Proposal: The Board proposes that Nick Gangestad be re­elected to the Board for a one­year term ending at the closing
of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
For biographical information and qualifications of Nick Gangestad, please refer to the section ‘‘Corporate Governance
and Board Matters – Members of the Board of Directors’’ hereafter.
10.C. Re-election of Dwight Gibson
Proposal: The Board proposes that Dwight Gibson be re­elected to the Board for a one­year term ending at the closing
of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
For biographical information and qualifications of Dwight Gibson, please refer to the section ‘‘Corporate Governance
and Board Matters – Members of the Board of Directors’’ hereafter.
10.D. Re-election of Holli Ladhani
Proposal: The Board proposes that Holli Ladhani be re­elected to the Board for a one­year term ending at the closing
of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
For biographical information and qualifications of Holli Ladhani, please refer to the section ‘‘Corporate Governance
and Board Matters – Members of the Board of Directors’’ hereafter.
10.E. Re-election of Michael E. McKelvy
Proposal: The Board proposes that Michael E. McKelvy be re­elected to the Board for a one­year term ending at the
closing of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
For biographical information and qualifications of Michael E. McKelvy, please refer to the section ‘‘Corporate
Governance and Board Matters – Members of the Board of Directors’’ hereafter.
10.F. Re-election of Jürg Oleas
Proposal: The Board proposes that Jürg Oleas be re­elected to the Board for a one­year term ending at the closing of the
2027 Annual General Meeting.

14

For biographical information and qualifications of Jürg Oleas, please refer to the section ‘‘Corporate Governance and
Board Matters – Members of the Board of Directors’’ hereafter.
10.G. Re-election of Robert Rivkin
Proposal: The Board proposes that Robert Rivkin be re­elected to the Board for a one­year term ending at the closing
of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
For biographical information and qualifications of Robert Rivkin, please refer to the section ‘‘Corporate Governance
and Board Matters – Members of the Board of Directors’’ hereafter.
10.H. Re-election of Katja Roth Pellanda
Proposal: The Board proposes that Katja Roth Pellanda be re­elected to the Board for a one­year term ending at the
closing of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
For biographical information and qualifications of Katja Roth Pellanda, please refer to the section ‘‘Corporate
Governance and Board Matters – Members of the Board of Directors’’ hereafter.
10.I.

Re-election of Maria Cristina A. Wilbur

Proposal: The Board proposes that Maria Cristina A. Wilbur be re­elected to the Board for a one­year term ending at
the closing of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
For biographical information and qualifications of Maria Cristina A. Wilbur, please refer to the section ‘‘Corporate
Governance and Board Matters – Members of the Board of Directors’’ hereafter.
10.J.

Election of Don P. Newman

Proposal: The Board proposes that Don P. Newman be elected to the Board for a one­year term ending at the closing
of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
For biographical information and qualifications of Don P. Newman, please refer to the section ‘‘Corporate Governance
and Board Matters – Members of the Board of Directors’’ hereafter.
10.K. Election of Jacques Wolf Sanche
Proposal: The Board proposes that Jacques Wolf Sanche be elected to the Board for a one­year term ending at the
closing of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
For biographical information and qualifications of Jacques Wolf Sanche, please refer to the section ‘‘Corporate
Governance and Board Matters – Members of the Board of Directors’’ hereafter.
Voting requirement to approve proposals 10.A. to 10.K.
For each election proposal, the affirmative ‘‘FOR’’vote of a majority of the votes validly represented at the 2026 Annual
General Meeting will be required. An abstention, blank or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ an
election proposal.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’the re­election or election to the Board of each of the nominated Directors above.

15

Proposal 11: Re-election of Jan Jenisch as Chairman
Explanation
Pursuant to Art. 698 para. 3 item 1 SCO and the Articles of Association, the Chairman is to be elected individually by
the Annual General Meeting. Jan Jenisch has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since the spin­off of
Amrize from Holcim, which took effect on June 23, 2025. The Board recommends his re­election based on his extensive
experience and leadership as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Amrize, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of Holcim AG as well as Chief Executive Officer of Sika AG.
Proposal
The Board unanimously proposes the re­election of Jan Jenisch as Chairman for a one­year term ending at the closing
of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
Voting requirement to approve proposal
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes cast at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An abstention, blank
or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’ the election of Jan Jenisch as Chairman for a one­year term ending at the closing
of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.

16

Proposal 12: Re-election of the Compensation Committee
Explanation
Pursuant to Art. 698 para. 3 item 2 of the SCO and the Articles of Association, the Annual General Meeting is
responsible for the individual and annual election of the members of the Compensation Committee. Only members of
the Board can be elected as members of the Compensation Committee.
At the recommendation of the Nomination & Governance Committee, the Board has nominated all three current
members of the Compensation Committee for another term of one year, ending at the closing of the 2027 Annual
General Meeting. As required by the Compensation Committee charter, all of the nominees are independent in
accordance with the requirements of the listing standards of the NYSE, the outside director definition of Section 162(m)
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the definition of a ‘‘non­employee director’’ for purposes of
Rule 16b­3 promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and Rule 10C­1(b)(1) of the U.S. Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
There will be a separate vote on each nominee.
Proposals
12.A. Re-election of Nick Gangestad
Proposal: The Board proposes that Nick Gangestad be re­elected to the Compensation Committee for a one­year term
ending at the closing of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
For biographical information and qualifications of Nick Gangestad, please refer to the section ‘‘Corporate Governance
and Board Matters – Members of the Board’’ hereafter.
12.B. Re-election of Katja Roth Pellanda
Proposal: The Board proposes that Katja Roth Pellanda be re­elected to the Compensation Committee for a one­year
term ending at the closing of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
For biographical information and qualifications of Katja Roth Pellanda, please refer to the section ‘‘Corporate
Governance and Board Matters – Members of the Board’’ hereafter.
12.C. Re-election of Maria Cristina A. Wilbur
Proposal: The Board proposes that Maria Cristina A. Wilbur be re­elected to the Compensation Committee for a
one­year term ending at the closing of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
The Board has appointed Maria Cristina A. Wilbur as Chair of the Compensation Committee, subject to her re­election
as Chair to the Compensation Committee.
For biographical information and qualifications of Maria Cristina A. Wilbur, please refer to the section ‘‘Corporate
Governance and Board Matters – Members of the Board’’ hereafter.
Voting requirement to approve proposals 12.A. to 12.C.
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes validly represented at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An
abstention, blank or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’ the election to the Compensation Committee of each of the above nominees for
a one­year term ending at the closing of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.

17

Proposal 13: Approval of the maximum aggregate compensation for the Board for the period from the 2026
Annual General Meeting to the 2027 Annual General Meeting
Explanation
Pursuant to Art. 735 para. 1 of the SCO and the Articles of Association, the maximum aggregate amount of
compensation of the Board for the period from the 2026 Annual General Meeting up to the 2027 Annual General
Meeting must be approved by the Shareholders in a binding vote.
The proposal is based on the Board consisting of eleven (11) Directors, of whom ten (10) are non­employee Directors.
Only the non­employee Directors are included in this proposal. Amrize’s Chief Executive Officer, who is also the
Chairman, does not receive any compensation for his role as a Director. His compensation is included in the vote on the
maximum aggregate compensation for the Executive Management (see Proposal 14). The proposed maximum
aggregate amount includes all forms of cash, stock and other compensation of the Board and represents the maximum
possible amount that Amrize could pay or grant to the Board for the period from the 2026 Annual General Meeting up
to the next Annual General Meeting and not necessarily the actual amount that will be paid. The impact of future
currency variations cannot be fully anticipated and is therefore not taken into account in the proposed maximum
aggregate amount for those Directors who are paid in foreign currencies. A detailed description of Amrize’s
compensation program currently in effect for the Board can be found under the ‘‘Director Compensation Disclosure’’
section of the Compensation Report for fiscal year 2025. Actual compensation paid to the Directors in the fiscal year
2026 will be disclosed in the proxy statement for Amrize’s 2027 Annual General Meeting and the Swiss Statutory
Remuneration Report for fiscal year 2026. The general principles of the compensation for the Board are described in
Article 25 of the Articles of Association. We use a combination of cash and equity compensation to attract and retain
qualified candidates to serve on our Board.
Proposal
The Board proposes that the Shareholders approve a maximum aggregate amount of compensation of the Board of USD
3,600,000 for the period from the 2026 Annual General Meeting to the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
Voting requirement to approve proposal
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes validly represented at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An
abstention, blank or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’ the approval of the maximum aggregate amount of the compensation of the
Directors of the Board of USD 3,600,000 for the period from the 2026 Annual General Meeting to the 2027 Annual
General Meeting.

18

Proposal 14: Approval of the maximum aggregate compensation for the Executive Management for fiscal
year 2027
Explanation
Pursuant to Art. 735 para. 1 of the SCO, the maximum aggregate amount of compensation of the Executive
Management for the next fiscal year must be approved by the Shareholders in a binding vote. The applicable next fiscal
year is fiscal year 2027. This vote is independent from, and comes in addition to, the non­binding, advisory say­on­pay
vote contemplated in Proposal 2.
Amrize’s Executive Management currently consists of Jan Jenisch (Chief Executive Officer), Ian Johnston (Chief
Financial Officer), Roald Brouwer (Chief Technology Officer), Stephen Clark (Chief People Officer), Nollaig Forrest
(Chief Marketing and Corporate Affairs Officer), Jake Gosa (President of Amrize Building Envelope), Mario Gross
(Chief Supply Chain Officer), Jaime Hill (President of Amrize Building Materials), Samuel Poletti (Chief Strategy and
M&A Officer), and Denise Singleton (Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary).
The proposed maximum aggregate amount includes all forms of cash, PSUs and other compensation and is based on the
expected fiscal year 2027 compensation of the Executive Management. This amount represents the maximum possible
amount that Amrize could pay or grant to the members of Executive Management in the 2027 fiscal year, subject to the
authority to grant or pay a ‘‘supplementary amount’’ pursuant to Article 24 of our Articles of Association without
additional Shareholder ratification to persons who newly assume an Executive Management position after the vote at
the 2026 Annual General Meeting, and not necessarily the actual amount that will be paid. Actual compensation paid to
the Executive Management in 2026 will be disclosed in the proxy statement for our 2027 Annual General Meeting and
the Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report for fiscal year 2026. For a detailed description of our compensation principles
currently in effect for the Executive Management, please refer to the Compensation Report. We recommend that our
shareholders read our Articles of Association, in particular Article 25 regarding the general principles of compensation,
and the Compensation Report, to understand our Executive Management compensation principles and process when
considering this proposal. The actual amounts paid to each member of the Executive Management for fiscal year 2025
are disclosed in the Compensation Report.
Proposal
The Board proposes that the Shareholders approve a maximum aggregate amount of compensation of the Executive
Management of USD 59,000,000 for fiscal year 2027.
Voting requirement to approve proposal
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes validly represented at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An
abstention, blank or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’ the approval of the maximum aggregate amount of the compensation of the
Executive Management of USD 59,000,000 for fiscal year 2027

19

Proposal 15: Re-election of Ernst & Young AG as Amrize’s statutory auditors and ratification of the
appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Amrize’s independent registered public accounting firm
for U.S. securities law reporting for fiscal year 2026
Explanation
In accordance with Art. 698 para. 2 item 2 of the SCO and the Articles of Association, the Annual General Meeting elects
the statutory auditors on an annual basis. Ernst & Young AG, who assumed its first audit mandate for Amrize during
fiscal year 2025, has confirmed that they meet the independence requirements as set forth by the Swiss Federal Act on
the Licensing and Oversight of Auditors. The Board recommends their re­election based on their performance and
continued independence for the fiscal year 2026.
The Audit Committee has also appointed Ernst & Young LLP as Amrize’s independent registered public accounting
firm for the fiscal year 2026 for purposes of U.S. securities law reporting. The Articles of Association do not require that
Shareholders ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Amrize’s independent registered public accounting firm.
However, Amrize is submitting the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP to the Shareholders for ratification as a matter
of good corporate governance. If the Shareholders do not ratify the appointment, the Audit Committee will reconsider
whether to retain Ernst & Young LLP. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit Committee may, in its discretion,
change the appointment during the year if the Audit Committee determines that such a change would be in the best
interests of Amrize and its Shareholders.
Information on the fees paid by Amrize to Ernst & Young AG and Ernst & Young LLP as well as further information
regarding Ernst & Young AG and Ernst & Young LLP, is set out below under the section ‘‘Independent Auditor,’’
‘‘Report of the Audit Committee,’’ ‘‘Principal Accountant Fees and Services’’ and ‘‘Principal Accountant for 2026.’’
One or more representatives of Ernst & Young AG will be present at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. They will have
an opportunity to make a statement at the 2026 Annual General Meeting if they wish and are expected to be available
to respond to questions from Shareholders.
Proposal
The Board proposes that Ernst & Young AG be re­elected as Amrize’s statutory auditors for the fiscal year 2026 and that
the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Amrize’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026
be ratified.
Voting requirement to approve proposal
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes validly represented at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An
abstention, blank or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’ the re­election of Ernst & Young AG as Amrize’s statutory auditors and the
ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Amrize’s independent registered public accounting firm, each
for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026.

20

Proposal 16: Re-election of Advoro Zurich Ltd as Independent Voting Representative
Explanation
Pursuant to Art. 698 para. 3 item 3 of the SCO and the Articles of Association, the Annual General Meeting is
responsible for the annual election of the Independent Voting Representative.
The law firm Advoro Zurich Ltd has confirmed to the Board that it possesses the necessary independence to perform this
mandate.
Proposal
The Board proposes that the law firm Advoro Zurich Ltd be elected as Independent Voting Representative for a one­year
term ending at the closing of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.
Voting requirement to approve proposal
The affirmative ‘‘FOR’’ vote of a majority of the votes validly represented at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. An
abstention, blank or invalid ballot will have the effect of a vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ this proposal.
Recommendation
The Board recommends a vote ‘‘FOR’’ the election of the law firm Advoro Zurich Ltd as Independent Voting
Representative for a one­year term ending at the closing of the 2027 Annual General Meeting.

21

ORGANIZATIONAL INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS
A.

General information
1.

Location, date and time of the 2026 Annual General Meeting

The 2026 Annual General Meeting of Amrize will be held physically at the Theater Casino Zug, Artherstrasse 4,
6300 Zug, Switzerland, on April 21, 2026, at 09:00 AM CEST. Doors will open at 8:00 AM CEST.
2.

Eligibility to vote

If you are a Recorded Shareholder as of the Second Record Date, you may (i) attend the 2026 Annual General
Meeting and vote your shares in person at the 2026 Annual General Meeting (subject to the limitations set out
below) or (ii) appoint a proxy and provide your voting instructions to such proxy to vote your shares at the 2026
Annual General Meeting. However, if you sell your shares after the Second Record Date and Computershare is
notified of the sale, your votes for those shares will not be counted in the 2026 Annual General Meeting. Any
person who purchases shares after the Share Register closes on the Second Record Date will not be able to register
them until the day after the 2026 Annual General Meeting and so will not be able to vote the shares at the 2026
Annual General Meeting. No Shareholder will be entered in the Share Register as a Shareholder with voting rights
between the close of business on the Second Record Date and the opening of business on the day following the
2026 Annual General Meeting. Computershare, which maintains our Share Register, will, however, continue to
register transfers of shares in the Share Register in its capacity as transfer agent during this period.
If you are a Beneficial Shareholder as of the Second Record Date, you may (i) attend the 2026 Annual General
Meeting and vote your shares in person at the 2026 Annual General Meeting under the condition that you first
obtain a ‘‘legal proxy’’ from the brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee that holds your shares, giving you the right
to vote the shares at the 2026 Annual General Meeting, and you bring that ‘‘legal proxy’’ with you to the 2026
Annual General Meeting, together with appropriate identification, or (ii) appoint the Independent Voting
Representative or another proxy and provide your voting instructions to such proxy to vote your shares in person
at the 2026 Annual General Meeting in accordance with the instructions provided by the bank, broker or other
organization who holds our registered shares on your behalf.
B.

Voting at the 2026 Annual General Meeting
1.

Recorded Shareholders

Important notice:

As set out in the shareholder information on the proposed spin-off for Holcim's
annual general meeting 2025, if you were a Holcim shareholder at the time of the
effectiveness of the spin-off from Holcim on June 23, 2025, and therefore received
shares, your shares were not automatically registered in your own name in the Share
Register and therefore you did not automatically become a Recorded Shareholder.
You are only a Recorded Shareholder if you actively contacted Computershare and
submitted the required documentation to be registered in the Share Register.

If you are a Recorded Shareholder you have received a proxy card, you can appoint the Independent Voting
Representative as your proxy and provide your voting instructions either by
(i)

completing, signing and returning your proxy card by mail (using the postage­paid envelope Broadridge
provided or by sending it to ‘‘Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717,
United States of America’’); or

(ii) using the website www.proxyvote.com by logging in with your 16­digit control number found on the
proxy card; or
(iii) giving your voting instructions by telephone by dialing the telephone number found on the proxy card.
If you want to appoint the Independent Voting Representative as your proxy and provide your voting instructions
by way of the proxy card, the proxy card must be received by Broadridge by mail no later than April 16, 2026. If
you want to appoint your proxy and provide your voting instructions by way of using the ‘‘www.proxyvote.com’’
platform or by telephone, your voting instructions must be received by Broadridge no later than 23:59 PM Eastern
Time Zone on April 16, 2026.

22

If you have received a notice of internet availability of proxy materials, you can appoint the Independent Voting
Representative as your proxy and provide your voting instructions by going to the website www.proxyvote.com
and logging in with your 16­digit control number found on the notice of internet availability of proxy materials. If
you provide your voting or using the website ‘‘www.proxyvote.com’’, your voting instructions must be received
no later than 23:59 PM Eastern Time Zone on April 16, 2026.
Under our Articles of Association, Recorded Shareholders may also grant proxies to any third­party to exercise
their voting rights on their behalf. Any such third­party proxy need not be a Shareholder. You can appoint your
third­party proxy by issuing a written power of attorney to the third­party proxy, authorizing such third­party proxy
to vote your share at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. Please note that such power of attorney will have to bear
your name (in block letters), your signature and the name of the third­party proxy (in block letters). On the day of
the 2026 Annual General Meeting, the third­party proxy will have to present (i) the third­party proxy and (ii)
proper identification documentation in order to be admitted to the 2026 Annual General Meeting.
If you wish to attend the 2026 Annual General Meeting in person, you may register in advance by marking the
respective field on the proxy card or by using the website ‘‘www.proxyvote.com’’ and logging in with the 16­digit
control number found on your proxy card or notice of internet availability of proxy materials. Registration must be
made no later than April 14, 2026. On the date of the 2026 Annual General Meeting, you (or, if you have properly
appointed a third­party proxy, such third­party proxy) will need to provide proper identification documentation to
be admitted to the 2026 Annual General Meeting.
2.

Beneficial Shareholders

If you are a DTC Beneficial Shareholder, in order to be able to vote, you should follow the instructions provided
by your brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee, either by submitting voting instructions to the Independent Voting
Representative or by attending the 2026 Annual General Meeting in person (or, through a properly appointed
third­party proxy).
Please note that if you would like to attend the 2026 Annual General Meeting in person, you will need to obtain a
‘‘legal proxy’’from your brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee that holds your shares, giving you the right to vote
the shares at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. Please ensure that such ‘‘legal proxy’’states that (i) it is issued as
of the Second Record Date, and (ii) bears your name as the holder of the proxy as well as the number of shares
voted under such ‘‘legal proxy’’, or you will not be able to attend the 2026 Annual General Meeting in person. You
will have to present the original copy of your legal proxy and valid identification documentation at the entrance to
the venue of the 2026 Annual General Meeting.
You may also grant power of attorney to any third­party to exercise your voting rights on your behalf. Any such
third­party proxy need not be a Shareholder. To appoint your third­party proxy, you must first obtain a ‘‘legal
proxy’’ from your brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee that holds your shares. Then, you must issue a written
power of attorney authorizing such third­party proxy to vote your share at the 2026 Annual General Meeting.
Please note that such power of attorney will have to bear your name (in block letters), the number of shares you
wish such third­party proxy to vote on your behalf, your signature and the name of the third­party proxy (in block
letters). On the day of the 2026 Annual General Meeting, the third­party proxy will have to present (i) the ‘‘legal
proxy’’ from the brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee that holds your shares, (ii) the third­party proxy and (iii)
proper identification documentation in order to be admitted to the 2026 Annual General Meeting.
Important notice:

Please note that you must ensure that you initiate the process to obtain a ‘‘legal
proxy’’ well in advance of the date of the 2026 Annual General Meeting as such
process may take significant time.

If you are a SIX Beneficial Shareholder, submitting voting instructions to the Independent Voting Representative,
a third­party proxy or ordering a document to attend the 2026 Annual General Meeting in person (or, through a
properly appointed a third­party proxy) may be possible through the assistance of your brokerage firm, bank, or
other nominee. Some brokerage firms, banks, or other nominees may proactively approach you and seek voting or
attendance instructions from you. Other brokerage firms, banks, or other nominees, however, may do so only upon
your express request or may not provide such services at all. To the extent brokerage firms, banks, or other
nominees provide these services, you should follow their instructions to be able to participate in the 2026 Annual
General Meeting.

23

If you are a SIX Beneficial Shareholder and if your brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee, does not provide any
services to enable you to participate in the 2026 Annual General Meeting and if you want to ensure that you are able
to participate in the 2026 Annual General Meeting, we urge you to (i) either become a Recorded Shareholder by no
later than April 6, 2026 or (ii) instruct your brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee to move the shares to a
DTC­eligible account, in each case by proceeding as set out below.
(a) Becoming a Recorded Shareholder
Instruct your brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee, through which you hold your shares, to transfer and register
your shares directly in your name in our Share Register as soon as possible. Once you are a Recorded Shareholder,
you can proceed as set out under section B.1. (Recorded Shareholders) above.
(b) Moving your shares to a DTC-eligible account
Instruct your brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee, through which you hold your shares, to move the shares to
a DTC­eligible account. Note that if your brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee does not have any DTC­eligible
account, you will have to transfer your shares to a brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee with a DTC­eligible
account. If you become a DTC Beneficial Shareholder before April 6, 2026, you may receive instructions from
your brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee in order to be able to participate in the 2026 Annual General Meeting
and you can proceed as set out under section B.2. first paragraph above.
Important notice:

3.

Please note that you must ensure that you initiate the process to register your shares
with our Share Register or to become a DTC Beneficial Shareholder well in advance
of the Second Record Date as such process may take significant time.

Independent Voting Representative

The Independent Voting Representative will vote all shares, for which it is designated as proxy, as specified by the
respective Shareholder. For shares owned by Shareholders who have either (i) timely submitted a properly
executed proxy card or (ii) voted electronically, but have not indicated specific voting instructions for some or all
agenda items, the Independent Voting Representative will vote the shares: (a) ‘‘FOR’’ the election of the Director
nominees, (b) in accordance with the recommendations of the Board on the other agenda items, and (c) in
accordance with the recommendations of the Board upon such other matters as may properly come before the
Annual General Meeting.

24

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS MATTERS
Our Board of Directors is elected by the shareholders and holds the ultimate decision­making authority within Amrize,
except for those matters reserved by law or by our Articles of Association to its shareholders or those that are delegated
by the Board of Directors to the executive management pursuant to our Organizational Regulations (also known as
Bylaws). The Board makes resolutions through a majority of the votes cast. In case of a tie, the Chairman does not have
a casting vote.
Our Articles of Association set the minimum number of directors at three (3). We had 9 members of the Board as of
March 2, 2026. If all of the nominees to the Board presented in Proposal 10 are re­elected or elected, the Board will have
11 members.
Board of Directors Independence
Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Board shall be composed of a majority of directors who qualify
as independent. The Board has determined that each of our directors and director nominees, other than Mr. Jenisch, our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, qualifies as independent in accordance with the published listing requirements
of the New York Stock Exchange (‘‘NYSE’’). Our independent directors include Nick Gangestad, Dwight Gibson, Holli
Ladhani, Michael E. McKelvy, Jürg Oleas, Robert Rivkin, Katja Roth Pellanda and Maria Cristina A. Wilbur, all of
whom are also director nominees. In addition, our director nominees Don P. Newman and Jacques Wolf Sanche will be
independent directors if elected. In making these determinations regarding independence, the Board reviewed and
discussed information provided by the directors and director nominees and Amrize with regard to each director’s and
director nominee’s business and personal activities as they may relate to Amrize and our management.
As a Swiss company, we are also bound to consider the recommendations of the Swiss Code of Best Practice for
Corporate Governance (the ‘‘Swiss Code of Best Practice’’). The Swiss Code of Best Practice is a set of guidelines
designed to promote good corporate governance practices among Swiss companies. While the Swiss Code of Best
Practice is not legally binding, it serves as a reference point for best practices in corporate governance in Switzerland.
The definition of independence included in the Swiss Code of Best Practice requires, among other things, that a director
has not served as a member of the company’s executive management during the preceding three years. The principles
contained in the Swiss Code of Best Practice are general guidelines and recommendations subject to a ‘‘comply or
explain’’ standard. The Board has determined that each of our directors and director nominees, other than Mr. Jenisch,
our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, qualifies as independent in accordance with the requirements of the Swiss
Code of Best Practice.
Members of the Board of Directors
The members of our Board, including their principal occupation, business experience and qualifications, are set out
below and in our ‘‘Board Skills and Experience Profile.’’ The information set forth below is as of March 2, 2026. None
of our non­employee members of the Board of Directors has important business connections with Amrize.
Jan Jenisch, age 59, Director since 2025
Mr. Jenisch serves as our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer. Previously, Mr. Jenisch
served as Chairman of the Holcim Board of Directors from 2023 to 2025, where he was tasked with leading the planned
U.S. listing of Holcim’s North American business. Mr. Jenisch also served as Chief Executive Officer of Holcim from
2017 to April 2024, where he transformed Holcim into a leader in advanced building solutions and helped Holcim reach
new levels of financial performance. Before joining Holcim, Mr. Jenisch served as Chief Executive Officer of Sika AG
from 2012 to 2017. Under his leadership, Sika AG set new performance standards for sales and profitability, becoming
a member of the Swiss Market Index (‘‘SMI’’), which is made up of the 20 largest and most liquid stocks listed on SIX.
Mr. Jenisch studied in the United States and Switzerland, obtaining his MBA from the University of Fribourg in 1993.
In 2021, he received a Dr. h.c. for his accomplishments as Chief Executive Officer of two SMI companies.
Mr. Jenisch’s qualifications include his two­time experience as a public company chief executive officer for global
companies with significant operations and customer bases in North America, his deep experience leading organic and
inorganic growth at the enterprise level and his understanding of the Amrize Business, including the Company’s
customers, markets and external stakeholders.

25

Nick Gangestad, age 61, Director since 2025
Mr. Gangestad most recently served as Chief Financial Officer of Rockwell Automation, Inc. (‘‘Rockwell’’) from
2021 until his retirement in 2024, overseeing all financial management aspects of Rockwell. Prior to that,
Mr. Gangestad served as Chief Financial Officer of 3M Company (‘‘3M’’) from 2014 to 2020, where he was responsible
for modifying 3M’s capital structure and capital allocation, managing over $15 billion of mergers and acquisitions as
part of the portfolio transformation, improving the finance organization structure and processes and leading a team of
2,000 finance employees. Before he served as Chief Financial Officer of 3M, Mr. Gangestad served as Controller and
Chief Accounting Officer from 2011 to 2014, where he led management contact for the Audit Committee, reengineered
mergers and acquisitions integration and divestiture processes and established several international shared service
centers that resulted in $200 million in annual cost savings. Earlier in his 35­year tenure at 3M, from 1987 to 2010,
Mr. Gangestad provided financial leadership for various sectors, including the industrial, consumer and health care
sectors.
Since 2023, Mr. Gangestad has served as a member of the board of directors of Nucor Corporation, where he serves on
the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Governance Committee. In 2024, Mr. Gangestad
joined the board of directors of Genpact Limited, where he serves on the Audit Committee. Mr. Gangestad holds an
MBA from the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, Minnesota and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Accounting and
Finance from Augsburg University in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Mr. Gangestad’s qualifications include his service as a chief financial officer and as a board director for multiple
publicly­listed industrial companies, with expertise managing significant portfolio transformations, as well as leading
functions with significant oversight of, compliance, financial planning, treasury, tax and information technology
matters.
Dwight Gibson, age 51, Director since 2025
Mr. Gibson has served as an Operating Partner and member of the Investment Committee for Pritzker Private Capital
since 2024. Prior to that, Mr. Gibson served as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the board of
directors of BlueLinx Holdings Inc. (‘‘BlueLinx’’) from 2021 to 2023, where he developed and executed strategic and
operational plans to maximize financial performance. Before joining BlueLinx, Mr. Gibson served in various leadership
roles at SPX FLOW, Inc. from 2016 to 2021, including as Chief Commercial Officer and President of Food and
Beverage and Industrial Segments. Prior to these roles, Mr. Gibson worked for Ingersoll Rand Inc. for 11 years,
including as President of Climate Strategic Initiatives and Vice President & General Manager of Transport Solutions for
Europe, Middle East, Russia and Africa.
Since 2019, Mr. Gibson has served as a member of the board of directors of Interface, Inc., where he serves on the
Compensation Committee. Mr. Gibson holds a Master of Science degree in International Strategy and Diplomacy from the
London School of Economics and Political Science in London, United Kingdom, an MBA from Stanford University in Palo
Alto, California and a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from Howard University in Washington, D.C.
Mr. Gibson’s qualifications include his relevant experience as a chief executive officer, senior executive and board
director for companies in the building products industry, as well as his demonstrated and deep experience managing
complex supply chains, multi­faceted sales channels, product development, M&A and M&A integration in global roles
spanning operations, commercial, general management strategy and business development.
Holli Ladhani, age 55, Director since 2025
Ms. Ladhani most recently served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Select
Energy Services, Inc. (‘‘SES’’) (now known as Select Water Solutions, Inc.) from 2017 to 2021. Prior to that,
Ms. Ladhani worked at Rockwater Energy Solutions, Inc. (‘‘RES’’) from 2010 to 2017, in roles of increasing
responsibility, including serving as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, up until RES merged with SES in 2017.
Prior to joining RES, Ms. Ladhani was with Dynegy, Inc. for 10 years, where she served as the Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer from 2005 to 2010 and as Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer prior to that.
Ms. Ladhani’s prior experience also includes time with PricewaterhouseCoopers, where she served in the final position
of Senior Manager in the Oil and Gas Audit division.
Since 2021, Ms. Ladhani has served as a member of the board of directors of Quanta Services, Inc., where she serves
on the Investment Committee and Audit Committee. In May 2025, she joined the board of Kayne Anderson Energy
Infrastructure Fund, Inc. Ms. Ladhani previously served on the board of directors of Marathon Oil from 2021 to 2024,

26

Noble Energy Inc. from 2017 to 2020, Atlantic Power Corporation from 2010 to 2018, Rosetta Resources Inc. from
2013 to 2015 and Price Gregory from 2008 to 2009. Ms. Ladhani holds an Executive MBA from Rice University in
Houston, Texas and a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting from Baylor University in
Waco, Texas.
Ms. Ladhani’s qualifications include her experience as a chief executive officer and chief financial officer of companies
in the energy, chemicals and infrastructure sectors, where she was responsible for leading significant transactions and
effectively allocating capital in capital­intensive industries, and her significant experience on the boards of
publicly­listed companies, including serving as chair of various committees.
Michael E. McKelvy, age 66, Director since 2025
Mr. McKelvy has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of McDermott
International, Ltd (‘‘McDermott’’) since 2022. Prior to joining McDermott, Mr. McKelvy served as President and
Chief Executive Officer of Gilbane Building Company (‘‘Gilbane’’) from 2014 to 2022, where he was responsible for
developing and executing strategic growth and operational plans. Before joining Gilbane, Mr. McKelvy worked at
CH2M HILL Companies, Ltd (‘‘CH2M’’) for 26 years, where he advanced through increasingly significant general
management and executive roles, including Chief Delivery Officer, where he was responsible for global operations,
strategy and delivery. Mr. McKelvy spent his early career in operations as an architect and project manager at
C.H. Guernsey & Company and Lockwood Greene, which became part of CH2M.
Mr. McKelvy previously served on the board of directors of RPS Group PLC from 2018 to 2023, Gilbane Inc. from
2017 to 2022 and CH2M from 2007 to 2014. Mr. McKelvy holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Environmental Design
from the University of Oklahoma in Norman, Oklahoma and a Bachelor of Architecture degree from Louisiana Tech
University in Ruston, Louisiana.
Mr. McKelvy’s qualifications include his more than three decades of experience in the global engineering, procurement
and construction sectors, including serving diverse clients in connection with large­scale infrastructure, environmental
and transportation projects, his experience in leadership roles with oversight of risk, quality, safety, security,
procurement, project controls and design and his prior board experience for both publicly­listed and private companies
of relevant scale and sector.
Jürg Oleas, age 68, Director since 2025
Mr. Oleas most recently served as Chief Executive Officer of GEA Group AG (‘‘GEA’’), a position he held from 2004 to
2019. Prior to serving as Chief Executive Officer of GEA, Mr. Oleas held several other positions on GEA’s Executive
Board, dating back to when he first joined the company in 2001. Before joining GEA, Mr. Oleas spent nearly
twenty years at ABB and the Alstom Group, where he served in a variety of management positions including President,
Alstom Switzerland and Managing Director, Combined Cycle Gas Turbine Plants.
Mr. Oleas served as a member of the Holcim Board of Directors from 2014 to 2015 and from 2016 to 2025, where he
served on the Audit Committee and the Nomination, Compensation, and Governance Committee. From 2020 to
April 2025, Mr. Oleas served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of HOCN AG, where he also served as a member
of the Audit Committee and the Nomination and Compensation Committee. In addition, Mr. Oleas has served as a
member of the board of directors of RUAG International Holding AG since 2011, where he currently serves on the Audit
Committee and the Nomination and Compensation Committee. Mr. Oleas holds a Master of Science degree in
Mechanical Engineering from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich, Switzerland.
Mr. Oleas’s qualifications include his experience as a public company chief executive officer from the industrial
manufacturing sector and running businesses of global reach and scale, his significant experience on the boards of
publicly­listed companies, including as chair, and his understanding of the Amrize Business.
Robert Rivkin, age 65, Director since 2025
Mr. Rivkin has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer for United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (‘‘United’’)
since 2019, where he leads United’s legal department, including the corporate, securities, finance, commercial,
litigation, government contracts, intellectual property, antitrust, environmental, employment and international groups.
Mr. Rivkin is also responsible for security, facilitation, compliance, ethics and investigations. Prior to joining United,
Mr. Rivkin served as deputy mayor of the City of Chicago from 2017 to 2019, where he oversaw the implementation of
Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s key priorities across city departments and agencies, focusing his efforts on economic

27

development, job creation and retention and infrastructure. Prior to that, Mr. Rivkin served of counsel at Riley Safer
Holmes & Cancila LLP from 2016 to 2017 and as Deputy General Counsel of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (‘‘Delta’’) from
2013 to 2016, where he was responsible for addressing governmental regulation and oversight in the U.S. and abroad,
as well as litigation, antitrust, employment and real estate legal issues. Before joining Delta, Mr. Rivkin served
four years as General Counsel of the U.S. Department of Transportation from 2009 to 2013, after being nominated by
President Barack Obama and unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate. Earlier in his career, Mr. Rivkin was Deputy
General Counsel of Aon Corporation and General Counsel of the Chicago Transit Authority. Mr. Rivkin also has worked
in private law practice, as a federal prosecutor, for the British Parliament and at the European Commission in Brussels,
Belgium.
Mr. Rivkin graduated magna cum laude from Harvard College in Cambridge, Massachusetts, received a Juris Doctor
degree from Stanford Law School in Stanford, California, where he was an associate editor of the Stanford Law Review,
and clerked for Judge Joel M. Flaum of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit.
Mr. Rivkin’s qualifications include his expertise in regulatory and legal matters across both the private and public
sectors, his service at in­house roles with oversight of significant infrastructure­related investment and key legal
matters, including security, safety, compliance and antitrust, and his experience in private practice advising clients on
infrastructure, domestic and international business regulation and commercial litigation.
Katja Roth Pellanda, age 51, Director since 2025
Ms. Roth Pellanda has served as Group General Counsel for Zurich Insurance Group Ltd since 2020 (‘‘Zurich
Insurance’’), where she leads the global legal function responsible for advising the business on all legal matters,
corporate governance, litigation and investigations and regulatory relations. Before joining Zurich Insurance, Ms. Roth
Pellanda served in a variety of roles at Novartis AG, including as Head of Corporate Governance, Corporate Law and
People & Organization Legal, from 2015 to 2020. Prior to that, Ms. Roth Pellanda was an attorney for Bär & Karrer AG
from 2005 to 2015, focusing on financial regulations, corporate governance, board advisory, reorganizations, mergers
and acquisitions, capital markets and employee matters.
Ms. Roth Pellanda has served as a member of the board of directors for Farmers Group, Inc. since 2022 and Zurich Italy
Bank S.p.A. since 2021, both privately held subsidiaries of Zurich Insurance. Since 2023, she is a member of the
SIX Exchange Regulatory Board. Ms. Roth Pellanda holds a Master of Laws degree from the London School of
Economics and Political Science in London, United Kingdom, a Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Zurich in
Zurich, Switzerland and a Licentiate in Law from the University of Basel in Basel, Switzerland.
Ms. Roth Pellanda’s qualifications include her experience as a senior legal and governance leader with extensive
experience as an external advisor and in­house leader for multinational organizations with significant operations in both
Switzerland and the United States and her expertise in M&A, restructurings, spin­offs, corporate law, capital markets
and labor law, including in executive compensation.
Maria Cristina A. Wilbur, age 58, Director since 2025
Ms. Wilbur has served as Chief People Officer and Head of Group Human Resources for F. Hoffman­La Roche, Ltd.
(‘‘Roche’’) since 2016, leading all aspects of Roche’s people and culture function across the globe, including strategies
and execution for business partnering, talent management and executive and board­level remuneration. Ms. Wilbur
started at Roche in 2002 and has served in various leadership roles during her tenure, including as Global Head Human
Resources, Diagnostics Division and Regional Head of Human Resources, North America. Prior to joining Roche,
Ms. Wilbur worked for EG&G, Inc. (and PerkinElmer Optoelectronics following its acquisition by EG&G, Inc.) from
1988 to 2002, where she last served as Director of Human Resources, Global Operations, West Coast Region and
U.S. Payroll.
Ms. Wilbur holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from California Polytechnic State University in Pomona,
California.
Ms. Wilbur’s qualifications include her experience as a human resources leader for multinational organizations with
significant operations in both Switzerland and the United States and her expertise in executive and board compensation,
leadership succession planning, talent transformation initiatives at scale and other critical areas.
All members of our Board currently comply with the limitation on external mandates contemplated in Article 28 of the
Articles of Association.

28

Nominees to Serve on the Board of Directors
The information set forth below regarding director nominees is as of March 2, 2026. Neither of the below director
nominees has important business connections with Amrize.
Don P. Newman, age 61, Director nominee
Mr. Newman served as Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of ATI Inc., a global producer of
high­performance materials, from January 2022 to December 2025, and remained with ATI until his retirement in
March 2026 to support an active leadership transition. Prior to that, he served as ATI Inc.’s Senior Vice President,
Finance and Chief Financial Officer from January 2020 through December 2021. He served as Chief Financial Officer
of Stelco Holdings, Inc. from August 2017 through December 2019, and as Chief Financial Officer of Headwaters
Incorporated from December 2010 until it was acquired in May 2017. In previous roles, Mr. Newman served as Vice
President – Controller and Interim Chief Financial Officer at Boart Longyear Limited and as Chief Accounting Officer
at ACI Worldwide, Inc., and held leadership roles for over 12 years at NRG Energy, Inc.
Since 2024, Mr. Newman has served as a member of the board of directors of AdvanSix Inc., where he serves as
Chairman of the Audit Committee and as a member of the Health, Safety and Environmental Committee. Mr. Newman
holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Accounting from the University of Minnesota.
Mr. Newman’s qualifications include more than thirty years of corporate finance and accounting leadership experience
at high­growth, public companies in a variety of industries.
Jacques Wolf Sanche, age 60, Director nominee
Mr. Sanche currently serves as CEO of Bucher Industries AG, a global technology company that produces machinery,
systems and hydraulic components. He has held that position since 2016 and will step down from it at the Bucher
Industries annual general meeting of shareholders in April 2026. Prior to his role at Bucher Industries, he was CEO of
Belimo Holding AG from 2007 to 2015.
Mr. Sanche has been a member of the Board of Directors of Burckhardt Compression since July 2025 and its Chairman
since December 2025. In addition, he has served as a member of the Board of Directors of Schweiter Technologies AG
since 2011, where he serves on the Audit Committee and the Nomination and Compensation Committee. He holds a
Doctorate in Economics from the University of St. Gallen in Switzerland.
Mr. Sanche’s qualifications include decades of international industrial leadership experience and a strong track record
as CEO of major global publicly­listed Swiss companies.
Elections to the Board of Directors
Directors are elected at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, upon proposal of the Board. The proposals of the
Board are made following recommendations of the Nomination and Governance Committee.
Shareholder Recommendations and Nominees
Under our Articles of Association, one or more registered shareholders who alone or together with other shareholders
hold shares representing at least 0.5% of share capital or votes of Amrize may request that an item be included on the
agenda of a meeting of shareholders, including a nominee for election to the Board. A request to place an item on the
meeting agenda must be in writing, include a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting
and the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting, the name and address of the requesting shareholder as it
appears in our share register, provide the number of shares of Amrize which are legally or beneficially owned by such
shareholder, include the dates on which such shares were acquired and describe the proposal and all other information
required under applicable law, regulations and stock exchange rules. Any requests for inclusion of an item on the agenda
must be received by our Board at least 90 days prior to the date of the meeting. Demands by registered shareholders to
place an item on the agenda of a meeting of shareholders should be sent to the attention of the Corporate Secretary at
8700 W Bryn Mawr, Suite 300, Chicago, IL 60631 United States.
Pursuant to our Articles of Association, nominations for the election of a member of the Board will be admitted to the
meeting of shareholders if the nominating shareholder provides the specified information reasonably requested by
Amrize and the nominee for election completes written questionnaires and provides information for the purpose of
facilitating the Board’s assessment of the nominee’s independence and his or her relationship with the nominating
shareholder.

29

Board Composition
The Nomination and Governance Committee is responsible for periodically reviewing and recommending for approval
by the Board criteria for membership on the Board and the skills and characteristics sought of Board members. The
Nomination and Governance Committee is responsible for ensuring the Board is an adequate size, diverse and has
well­balanced composition. Among the qualifications considered in the selection of director candidates, the
Nomination and Governance Committee shall consider, among others, experience, skills, expertise, personal and
professional integrity, character, business judgment, time availability in light of other commitments, dedication,
potential conflicts of interest and such other relevant factors that the Nomination and Governance Committee considers
appropriate in the context of the needs of the Board.
Listed below are some key skills and experience that we may consider important for our directors to have in light of our
current business and structure. We do not expect each director to possess every attribute. The directors’ biographies and
our Board Skills and Experience Profile note each director nominee’s relevant experience, qualifications, and skills
relative to this list.
•

Senior Leadership Experience. Directors who have served in senior leadership positions are valuable to us
because they bring experience and perspective in analyzing, shaping, and overseeing the execution of
important operational and policy issues at a senior level.

•

Public Company Experience. Directors with public company board experience are valuable to us because
they bring governance expertise, strategic oversight, risk management skills, and an understanding of
shareholder expectations.

•

Governance Experience. Directors with corporate governance and sustainability experience are important to
us because they enable our Board to exercise its general oversight with respect to corporate governance and
ESG matters.

•

Financial Experience. Knowledge of financial markets, M&A and accounting and financial reporting
processes is important because it assists our directors in understanding, advising, and overseeing our
structure, financial reporting, and internal control of such activities.

•

Industry Experience. Experience in construction, mining and other industrial businesses is valuable in
understanding and providing insight on the challenges and opportunities of significant aspects of our
business.

30

Board Nominees’ Skills and Experience Profile
The Board possesses a diverse set of skills and industry experiences. Our directors’ and other nominees’ skills and
experience include financial, operational, and functional matters as well as expertise across the markets and
geographies in which we operate.
Jenisch

Gangestad

Gibson

Ladhani

McKelvy

Newman

x

x
x

Oleas

Rivkin

Roth
Pellanda

Sanche

Wilbur

x

x

x

x

Qualifications/
Experience
Active Operator

x

Prior Public Company
Independent Director

x

CEO

x

CFO

x
x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

Audit Committee
Financial Expert
x

x

x
x

x

x

x

x

x

x

P&L at Relevant Scale

x

M&A/ Strategy

x

Marketing/ Sales

x

x

x

x

Manufacturing
Operations

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x
x

x
x

Regulatory/
Government Affairs

x

x

x

x

x

Human Capital
Process/ Mining/ Asset
Intensive

x

x

Broader Industrial
Manufacturing

x

x

Distribution/ Retail

x

x

Construction/
Engineering
Services/
Infrastructure

x

North America

x

x

x

x

x
x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x
x

x

x

x
x

x

x

Identification and Evaluation of Nominees for Directors
Our Nomination and Governance Committee considers and makes recommendations to our Board concerning the
appropriate size and needs of the Board and recommends director candidates to the Board. When making proposals for
the composition of the Board, the Nomination and Governance Committee considers recommendations from
shareholders and others as it deems appropriate. Additionally, in connection with each director nomination
recommendation, the Nomination and Governance Committee considers the overall mix of tenures on the Board and
each director’s performance and suitability. The evaluation of these candidates may include information provided to the
Nomination and Governance Committee, discussions with persons familiar with the candidate, an interview of the
candidate or other actions the Nomination and Governance Committee deems appropriate. The Nomination and
Governance Committee may also retain subject­specific professional consultancy services from third parties to assist
with the identification and evaluation of prospective Board nominees.
Mr. Sanche was recommended as a potential candidate for director nominee by our CEO, and Mr. Newman was
identified as potential candidate for director nominee by a third­party search firm retained by us.
Board Diversity
Swiss law requires companies to report publicly, starting with respect to fiscal year 2026, the reasons and measures
being taken if the underrepresented gender makes up less than 30% of a company’s board of directors. In our current
nine­person Board, six directors are men and three directors are women (i.e., 33% are female directors). Our director

31

nominees include eight men and three women. If all nominees are re­elected or elected, as applicable, at the 2026
Annual General Meeting, our Board will be composed of three female directors.
The following chart summarizes certain voluntarily self­identified demographic information of our nominees.
Additional biographical information on each nominee is set out above in ‘‘Members of the Board of Directors.’’
Jenisch

Gangestad

Gibson

Ladhani

McKelvy

Newman

Oleas

Rivkin

Roth
Pellanda

Sanche

Wilbur

Race/ Ethnicity
African American or
Black

x

Asian

x

Hispanic or Latinx
White

x
x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

x

Gender
Male

x

Female

x

x

x

x
x

x

Terms of Office of Directors
Each director is elected individually by a separate vote of shareholders for a one­year term. All our current directors are
being presented for re­election to the Board of Directors and two director nominees are being presented for election to
the Board of Directors at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. Each director being presented for re­election to the Board
of Directors was appointed to the Board in 2025 in connection with Spin­Off.
Board Responsibilities and Structure
Our Board is entrusted with the ultimate direction, the supervision and control of our management. The power and
duties of our Board include:
•

ultimate direction and issuing the necessary policies and directives with respect to Amrize and its
subsidiaries;

•

determination of the organization and strategy with respect to Amrize and its subsidiaries;

•

determination of the accounting system, reporting and financial controls as well as the financial planning with
respect to Amrize and its subsidiaries;

•

appointment and removal of the members of the Board committees (except for the members of the
Compensation Committee), the Secretary, the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of our
management;

•

granting and withdrawal of signatory rights;

•

ultimate supervision of the persons entrusted with the management, in particular in view of compliance with
the law (including stock exchange regulations and the rules of the SEC applicable to Amrize), the Articles of
Association, Organizational Regulations (Bylaws) and other internal regulations, policies and directives;

•

preparation, review and approval of the business report (including the annual report, our consolidated
financial statements and our annual financial statements) and the compensation report, the report on
non­financial matters and other reports that are subject to approval by the Board, as well as receiving the
reports of the auditors;

•

preparation of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and implementation of its resolutions;

•

submission of a motion for debt­restructuring moratorium (Nachlassstundung) and notification of the court
in case of over­indebtedness;

•

execution of the tasks reserved to the Board by law relating to changes of our share capital;

•

establishment of the dividend policy;

•

approval of our consolidated budget;

32

•

response to any takeover offer for Amrize;

•

decision on agreements related to mergers, spin­offs, conversions and/or transfers of assets
(Vermögensübertragung) pursuant to the Swiss Merger Act (Fusionsgesetz) with respect to Amrize;

•

verification of the professional qualifications of the auditors in accordance with the statutory
requirements; and

•

establishment of any code of conduct.

The Board has delegated the management of Amrize to the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the
executive management, except where Swiss law, the Articles of Association or Organizational Regulations (Bylaws)
provide differently.
Board Leadership Structure
The Chairman of our Board is elected by shareholders on an annual basis, at the Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders. The Board may appoint one of its members as Vice­Chairman and also may appoint a Secretary who does
not need to be a member of the Board. The Board currently does not have a designated Vice­Chairman. Denise
Singeleton currently serves as the Secretary of the Board. If the Chairman is not an independent director, the Board
(upon proposal by the Nomination and Governance Committee) will appoint from among its members a Lead
Independent Director with the responsibilities described in more detail below under ‘‘Lead Independent Director’’.
Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Board’s policy as to whether the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer positions should be separate is to adopt the practice that best serves the Company’s needs at any particular time.
The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board discussed Board leadership alternatives in
connection with combining the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles. The Board believes that, at the present
time, the Company is best served by allocating governance responsibilities between a combined Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer and a Lead Independent Director with robust responsibilities. This structure allows the Company to
present a single face to our constituencies through the combined Chairman and Chief Executive Officer position while
at the same time providing an active role and voice for the independent directors through the Lead Independent Director.
Role of the Chairman and of the Chief Executive Officer
The Chairman has responsibility for managing our Board, convening and chairing the meetings of the Board, liaising
with the Chief Executive Officer in preparation of such meetings, leading the yearly assessment of the Board,
representing Amrize and its subsidiaries in external communications with shareholders, investors, the general public
and the media, chairing the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and signing the minutes of such Annual General
Meeting of Shareholders, and all other tasks which accrue to the Chairman by law, the Articles of Association or the
Organizational Regulations (Bylaws).
Our day­to­day business is conducted under the direction of the Chief Executive Officer and other senior management
with the oversight of the Board to enhance our long­term value of Amrize for our shareholders. The Chief Executive
Officer has, in particular, the following powers and duties:
•

be responsible for the operational management of Amrize and its subsidiaries under the supervision of the
Board;

•

be responsible for the executive management of Amrize’s good functioning and organization, and convene
and chair its meetings;

•

prepare and supervise the implementation of the resolutions of the Board;

•

supervise our executive management who shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer;

•

determine the executive management’s individual annual objectives taking into account the mid­term plan
and the budget, and prepare and propose their individual compensation for the approval of the Board
following a recommendation of the Compensation Committee (within the maximum amounts approved at the
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders);

•

initiate, develop and manage the strategic planning process with the assistance of the relevant members of our
executive management, and present the strategic plan to the Board for approval;

•

subject to the Organizational Regulations (Bylaws), be in charge of external communication;

33

•

in coordination with the Chairman and subject to the Organizational Regulations (Bylaws), represent the
Company vis­à­vis the shareholders and maintain the relations with shareholders and investors, particularly
on matters relating to day­to­day operational management;

•

present to the Nomination and Governance Committee and to the Board a succession plan for the members of
our executive management; and

•

lead the process of determining the budget within the Amrize and its subsidiaries and present it to the Board
for approval. Upon approval by the Board, it is the responsibility of the Chief Executive Officer to ensure that
all expenditure is within the budget and meets the profitability targets at the different levels.

Lead Independent Director
In the absence of an independent Chairman of the Board, the responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director include
chairing meetings of the independent directors and serving as the presiding director in performing such other functions
as the Board may direct. The Lead Independent Director is appointed by the Board, upon proposal by the Nomination
and Governance Committee, from among its members and is confirmed annually. Nick Gangestad currently serves as
the Lead Independent Director.
The Lead Independent Director has the following powers and duties:
•

convene and chair the independent Board members’ sessions taking place without the presence of the
Chairman, which shall occur as often as business requires, but at least once a year;

•

preside at all other meetings at which the Chairman is not present and provide prompt and candid feedback to
the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer;

•

approve meeting agendas and information sent to the members of the Board, as well as meeting schedules to
ensure that the Board and its committees have sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items;

•

work with the Nomination and Governance Committee in the performance evaluation process of the Board
and the individual directors and personally conduct performance evaluations as appropriate;

•

consider the design and organization of the Board, including review and vetting of potential nominees and
committee structure and membership, and provide input to the Nomination and Governance Committee;

•

facilitate communication between members of the Board and the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer,
respectively, without becoming the exclusive means of such communication;

•

monitor mechanisms for receiving and responding to communications to the Board from shareholders; and

•

monitor the Board’s activities to ensure sound corporate governance and independence in deliberations.

In performing the duties described above, the Lead Independent Director is expected to consult with the chairperson of
the appropriate Board committee and solicit their participation.
Board Oversight of Risk
Our Board takes an active role in risk oversight, both as a full board and through its committees, each of which has
primary risk oversight responsibility with respect to all matters within the scope of its duties as contemplated by its
charter. Our Board oversees the Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (‘‘ERM’’) and monitoring, including
non­financial risk. In addition, the Audit Committee supports our Board in its oversight of risk management.
Board Meetings
The Chairman prepares the agenda for each meeting of our Board, which is then approved by the Lead Independent
Director. Board members are encouraged to suggest inclusion of items on the agenda. At Board meetings, each member
of our Board is entitled to submit proposals regarding the agenda items. If all members of our Board are present and
agree, deviations may be permitted and decisions that are not mentioned on the agenda can be made. Information and
materials that are important to the Board’s understanding of the agenda items and other topics to be considered at a
Board Meeting are, to the extent practicable, distributed sufficiently in advance of the Board meeting to allow for prior
review by the directors.
In general, independent directors meet in executive sessions without management or any non­independent directors
present at least once per year.

34

Board meetings are held at least five times a year, with at least 50% of Board meetings taking place physically in
Switzerland with the majority of the Board members present in person.
Board Effectiveness
Our Board and committees perform annual self­evaluations to assess their effectiveness in fulfilling their obligations.
The Nomination and Governance Committee will utilize the results of the self­evaluation process in assessing and
determining the characteristics and critical skills required of prospective candidates for election to the Board and
making recommendations to the Board with respect to assignments of Board members to various committees.
Board Committees
Our Board has standing Audit, Compensation, and Nomination and Governance committees to assist the Board in
carrying out its duties and may, at any time, further designate one or more additional ad­hoc Board Committees as
necessary. Each of the standing Board committees was established in June 2023 in connection with the Spin­Off and is
composed entirely of directors who are independent in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NYSE
and, in the case of the Audit Committee, the SEC and the Swiss Code of Best Practice.
Each standing committee has a written charter approved by the Board. The chairperson of each committee determines
the committee’s meeting agenda. The members of each committee receive materials in advance of each committee
meeting to allow them to prepare for the meeting. The charters of each standing Board committee are available on
Amrize’s Investor Relations website at https://investors.amrize.com/governance/governance­documents. The
members of these committees are identified in the following table:
Director

Audit

Compensation

Nomination and Governance

Jan Jenisch
Nick Gangestad

X

Dwight Gibson

X

Holli Ladhani

X

X

Michael E. McKelvy

X

Jürg Oleas

Chair

Katja Roth Pellanda
Robert Rivkin

X
Chair

Maria Cristina A. Wilbur

Chair

Attendance at Board, Committee and Annual Shareholders’ Meetings
In the year ended December 31, 2025, our Board met six times, with over half of the meetings taking place physically
in Switzerland with the majority of the directors and the corporate secretary present in person. In addition, the Audit
Committee met three times, the Compensation Committee met four times and the Nomination and Governance
Committee met two times in 2025. We expect each director to attend each meeting of the Board and the committees on
which he or she serves, and also expect them to attend the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. All of the
incumbent directors attended at least 75% of the meetings of the Board and the committees on which he or she served.
The 2026 Annual General Meeting will be our first Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is a committee established by the Board to support the Board in the performance of its supervisory
duties, in particular with respect to the integrity of our financial statements, accounting and financial reporting
practices, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the system of internal controls, the internal and
independent audit processes, including the independent auditor’s qualifications and independence, and the performance
of the independent auditors and internal audit department. The Audit Committee also supports the Board in its oversight
of risk management. It is composed of only independent members of the Board. Among its duties, the Audit Committee:
•

reviews management’s and the internal audit department’s reports on the effectiveness of the systems for
internal control;

35

•

reviews management’s and the internal audit department’s reports on the performance of an annual risk
assessment;

•

reviews the internal audit department’s annual audit plan and any significant interim changes to the audit plan;

•

reviews and discusses with management and the independent auditors, and challenges where necessary, the
actions and judgments of management, related to the annual individual and consolidated financial statements,
and the specific disclosures under the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section of our quarterly and
annual reports;

•

reviews and approves the consolidated quarterly financial statements for the first three quarters of each
calendar year and the corresponding financial results releases and reporting;

•

oversees the Company’s relations with the independent auditor;

•

reviews and approves the terms of engagement and the remuneration to be paid to the independent auditor in
respect of audit services provided;

•

reviews with the independent auditors the findings of their work, including any major issues, problems or
difficulties that arose during the course of the audit, including management’s response with respect thereto,
any restrictions on the scope of the independent auditor’s activities or on access to requested information, and
any significant disagreements with management; key accounting and audit judgments; levels of errors
identified during the audit, obtaining explanations from management and, where necessary, the independent
auditors, as to why certain errors might remain unadjusted;

•

oversees resources and processes employed to minimize or eliminate risks to information security; and

•

reviews compliance with legal and regulatory requirements related to health, safety and the environment.

The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee meets the independence requirements of the
NYSE listing standards and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. In addition, our Board has determined that
Ms. Ladhani is an Audit Committee financial expert as defined by the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC.
Additional information about Ms. Ladhani’s qualifications are set forth above under ‘‘Members of the Board of
Directors.’’
Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee supports the Board in the performance of its duties, in particular with respect to matters
relating to compensation of the Board, members of our executive management and other leadership personnel. The
Compensation Committee is composed of only independent Board members that have basic knowledge in the field of
renumeration. Among its duties, the Compensation Committee:
•

prepares for submission to the Board the proposals to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of
shareholders of the Company regarding the compensation of the members of the Board for the next period and
provide the Board with elements of comparison and benchmarking with market practice;

•

plans, prepares and assesses last year’s performance of the individual executive management members
(other than the Chief Executive Officer) based on proposal submitted by the Chief Executive Officer;

•

prepares for submission to the Board the proposals to the Annual General Meetings of Shareholders of
Shareholders regarding the compensation of the executive management for the next period;

•

determines selection criteria for, and develop and recommend to the Board plans for, succession of members
of executive management, other than the Chief Executive Officer;

•

proposes to the Board the remuneration policy for the Chief Executive Officer and the other executive
management members;

•

defines and implements the criteria for the determination of the variable mid­term and long­term
remuneration while taking care to ensure these criteria are compatible with the annual evaluation of the
executive management’s performance assessment and with our mid­term and long­term strategy;

•

recommends to the Board the objectives for the current year for the Chief Executive Officer based on a
proposal submitted jointly by Chairman or the Lead Independent Director and the Chief Executive Officer;

36

•

recommends to the Board objectives for the current year of the individual members of our management based
proposals submitted by the Chief Executive Officer;

•

establishes a formal evaluation process and determine the compensation for the Chief Executive Officer,
including the review and approval of corporate goals and objectives relevant to the Chief Executive Officer’s
compensation and evaluation of his or hers performance in light of those goals and objectives as well as the
Company’s performance versus its peer group;

•

approves the Chief Executive Officer’s compensation level based on the foregoing evaluation and
recommends it to the Board for ratification;

•

reviews and approves, for the Chief Executive Officer and members of our executive management, any
employment agreements, non­competition agreements and change in control agreements or provisions and
any special or supplemental benefits;

•

oversees the remuneration policy relating to our leadership personnel (other than the executive management)
and of our subsidiaries, and examines the coherence of this policy; and

•

periodically assesses our pay structure for leadership personnel to ensure that it encourages rational and
sensible risk­taking and does not misalign executive interests with those of shareholders.

The Compensation Committee is authorized to retain subject­specific professional consultancy services at Amrize’s
expense. The Compensation Committee may select a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser only after
taking into consideration all factors relevant to such person’s independence from management, including factors
specified in the applicable NYSE listing standards. The Compensation Committee is also authorized to form
subcommittees, which shall each consist of at least two members, for any purpose that the Compensation Committee
deems appropriate. The Compensation Committee may delegate any power and authority to the subcommittees as the
Compensation Committee deems appropriate, except any powers or authority required by any applicable law,
regulation or listing standard to be exercised by the Compensation Committee as a whole.
Our Board has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee meets the independence requirements of
the NYSE listing standards.
Role of the Compensation Committee Consultants
For fiscal year 2025, the Compensation Committee engaged Semler Brossy Consulting Group (‘‘Semler Brossy’’) and
PricewaterhouseCoopers Ltd (‘‘PwC Switzerland’’) as independent executive compensation consultants. Semler
Brossy and pwc CH report directly to the Compensation Committee and work cooperatively with the Compensation
Committee and management to, among other things, advise on general compensation structures and provide
competitive compensation data. Semler Brossy and pwc CH also provide advice and guidance to the Compensation
Committee regarding non­employee director compensation. Semler Brossy is responsible for reviewing information
prepared by management for the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee also typically asks Semler
Brossy and pwc CH to attend its meetings.
The Compensation Committee has determined that the engagement of Semler Brossy and pwc CH did not raise any
conflicts of interest. All final decisions with respect to the amount or form of executive compensation under our
executive compensation programs are made by the Compensation Committee and such decisions may reflect
considerations not included in the advice provided by Semler Brossy or pwc CH.
In fiscal year 2025, Semler Brossy did not provide any other services to the Compensation Committee or to the
Company other than described herein.
In fiscal year 2025, the Company paid PwC Switzerland CHF 57,159 in aggregate fees for executive and director
compensation services rendered to the Compensation Committee. In fiscal year 2025, the Company also retained
PwC US Business Advisory LLP (‘‘PwC US’’), an affiliate of pwc Switzerland, to provide additional consulting
services consisting of advisory services and tax support . The decision to engage PwC US for such additional consulting
services was made by management. The Company paid PwC US $9.9 million in aggregate fees in fiscal year 2025 for
the provision of such additional consulting services.
Nomination and Governance Committee
The Nomination and Governance Committee supports the Board in the performance of its duties, in particular with
respect to planning and preparing succession of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, planning and preparing

37

assessments of the Board, and monitoring of developments, planning and preparing in all governance related matters.
The Nomination and Governance Committee is composed of only independent directors with appropriate knowledge
and experience in the fields of succession planning, assessment and nomination of members of the Board and
executives. All members of the Nomination and Governance Committee have at least basic knowledge in the field of
corporate governance. Among its duties, the Nomination and Governance Committee:
•

reviews composition and size of the Board to ensure appropriate expertise, diversity and independence of the
Board, and make recommendations to the Board, as appropriate;

•

if the Chairman is not an independent director, prepares a proposal to the Board regarding the appointment of
an independent director as Lead Independent Director;

•

succession planning for the Board and its committees by – based on criteria recommended by the Nomination
and Governance Committee and approved by the Board – making recommendations to the Board for motions
to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders for re­election and election of candidates for Board and
Compensation Committee membership, including by identifying, screening and recommending candidates to
the Board for Board membership;

•

annually reviews and makes proposals to the Board for the nomination of the Chairman and the
Vice­Chairman of the Board;

•

annually reviews and, after consultation with the Chairman or Lead Independent Director, as applicable,
makes recommendations to the Board with respect to the assignment of the chairs and members of the Board
committees;

•

determines selection criteria for the succession of the Chief Executive Officer;

•

develops and recommends to the Board succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer;

•

deals with all corporate governance­related matters in line with the mandate given to the Nomination and
Governance Committee as per the Nomination and Governance Committee charter;

•

monitors and assesses developments on corporate governance, including regular review of relevant
structures, market practices and shareholder engagement;

•

reviews and recommends to the Board any amendments to the Articles of Association, the Organizational
Regulations (Bylaws) and the committee charters; and

•

reviews proposals to be made to the Board to amend the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the overall
policy landscape and the policies and directives approved by the Board;

The Nomination and Governance Committee is authorized to retain subject­specific professional consultancy services
from third parties to assist with the identification and evaluation of prospective Board nominees based on criteria
established by the Nomination and Governance Committee. For information on the Nomination and Governance
Committee’s policies with respect to director nominations please see ‘‘Elections to the Board of Directors’’ above.
The Board has determined that each member of the Nomination and Governance Committee meets the independence
requirements of the NYSE listing standards. Upon the Nomination and Governance Committee’s recommendation of
nominees for election to the Board of Directors, the nominees are presented to the full Board. Nominees are then
selected by a majority of the members of the Board.
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
None of the members of the Compensation Committee has been an officer or employee of Amrize. None of our
executive officers serves on the board of directors or compensation committee of a company that has an executive
officer that serves on our Board of Directors.

38

Communications with the Board of Directors
Shareholders may contact the Board of Directors about bona fide issues or questions about Amrize by communicating
in writing to the Corporate Secretary at 8700 W Bryn Mawr, Suite 300, Chicago, IL 60631 United States. All written
communications are received and processed by the Corporate Secretary prior to being forwarded to the Chairman of the
Board or other appropriate members of the Board. Directors generally will not be forwarded communications that are
primarily commercial in nature, relate to improper or irrelevant topics, or request general information about the
Company.
Integrity Line
In addition to internal reporting procedures, the Company has established communication procedures through an
independent Integrity Line that can be accessed globally. The Integrity Line provides for communication, either
anonymously or identified, from employees, vendors, and other interested parties to communicate concerns, including
concerns with respect to our accounting, internal controls or financial reporting, to the Chief Compliance Officer. The
Amrize Integrity Line can be made by calling the telephone number provided for the relevant country or by filing a
report at https://Amrize.com/SpeakUp.
Shareholder Engagement
We believe that effective corporate governance should include regular engagement with our shareholder base. Regular
engagement forums include investor conferences, non­deal roadshows, in­person meetings, and phone calls. During
2025, we conducted our shareholder engagement efforts through a combination of in­person and virtual forums, and
effectively executed our planned outreach events. We expect to continue to derive numerous benefits from this
comprehensive approach to outreach. We communicate our business strategy to shareholders while also gathering
feedback during these engagements and share the responses with our executive leadership and Board, which also helps
to better inform our overall strategy and shareholder messaging.
We believe that regular engagement with our shareholders helps to strengthen our relationships with shareholders and
helps us to better understand shareholder views on our business strategy and performance, and corporate environmental,
social, and governance practices.

39

Security Ownership
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management as of March 2, 2026
In accordance with the proxy statement rules under U.S. securities laws, the following table shows the number of our
shares beneficially owned as of March 2, 2026 by:
•

each person or group known by Amrize, based on filings pursuant to Section 13(d) or (g) under the
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or notifications to Amrize under applicable Swiss laws, to own
beneficially more than 5% of our outstanding shares as of June 30, 2025;

•

each director and each nominee for director;

•

the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table in the Compensation Report (the
‘‘NEOs’’) and the Company’s other executive officers; and

•

all directors and current executive officers as a group.

5% Shareholders:
Thomas Schmidheiny(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
UBS Group AG.(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The Vanguard Group.(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Directors, Director Nominees and NEOs:
Nick Gangestad(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Dwight Gibson(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jan Jenisch(6) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Holli Ladhani(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Michael E. McKelvy(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jürg Oleas(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Robert Rivkin(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Katja Roth Pellanda(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Maria Cristina A. Wilbur(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Don P. Newman . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jacques Wolf Sanche(7). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Roald Brouwer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Stephen Clark . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Nollaig Forrest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jake Gosa(8) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mario Gross . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jaime Hill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ian Johnston . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Samuel Poletti . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Denise Singleton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
All directors, director nominees and executive officers as a group (20 persons) . . . .
*
(1)
(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)

Number of
Shares Owned

Total as a
Percentage of
Shares
Outstanding(1)

37,818,703
38,197,652
30,094,083

6.8%
6.9%
5.4%

2,958
2,958
2,769,297
2,958
2,958
21,073
2,958
2,958
3,148
0
2,680
13,257
5,258
18,139
37,122
27,747
22,816
20,860
7,645
4,000
2,970,790

*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*

Less than 1%
Based on 553,450,121 shares outstanding on March 2, 2026.
Based on a Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on June 27, 2025 by Schweizerische Cement­ Industrie­Aktiengesellschaft, Cimcap AG and
Mr. Thomas Schmidheiny. Mr. Schmidheiny reported sole voting power for 37,818,703 Company Shares and sole dispositive power for
37,818,703 Company Shares. The address for the reporting persons is Zurcherstrasse 156, 8645 Rapperswil­Jona, Switzerland.
Based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on August 11, 2025 by UBS Group AG. UBS Group AG reported sole voting power for
35,252,775 Company Shares and shared dispositive power for 38,197,652 Company Shares. The address for UBS Group AG is Bahnhofstrasse
45, PO Box CH­8021, Zurich, Switzerland.
Based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on October 30, 2025 by The Vanguard Group. The Vanguard Group reported shared voting power
for 7,449,100 Company Shares, sole dispositive power for 20,520,828 Company Shares and shared dispositive power for 9,573,255 Company
Shares. The address for The Vanguard Group is 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 1935.
Includes 2,958 restricted stock units that vest within 60 days.
Includes (i) 505,000 shares held by Mr. Jenisch’s spouse; and (ii) 620,715 stock options.
Includes (i) 2,640 shares held by Mr. Sanche jointly with his spouse; and (ii) 40 shares held by Mr. Sanche’s child.
Includes 36,952 restricted stock units that vest within 60 days.

40

Share Ownership Guidelines
Amrize has established share ownership guidelines for its executive officers and directors.
Our Chief Executive Officer is required to own Amrize shares with market value equal to 10 times his or her base salary
under our executive stock ownership guidelines. All other executive officers are required to own Amrize shares with
market value equal to three times their base salaries. If an executive officer, including the Chief Executive Officer, has
not met the ownership guidelines by the end of the five­year period or falls below the guidelines at any time after the
five­year period, such executive officer must hold at least 50% of the after­tax shares resulting from equity incentive
awards until the ownership requirements is reached. As of March 2, 2026, each of Amrize’s executive officers had either
satisfied these ownership guidelines or had time remaining to do so.
Each of our directors is required to own Amrize shares with market value equal to five times his or her annual board cash
retainer, with unvested restricted stock units counting towards the ownership requirement. If an director has not met the
ownership guidelines by the end of the five­year period or falls below the guidelines at any time after the five­year
period, such director must hold at least 50% of the after­tax shares resulting from equity incentive awards until the
ownership requirements is reached. As of March 2, 2026, each of our directors had either satisfied these ownership
guidelines or had time remaining to do so.

41

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Our Policies
It is our policy that all employees must not engage in any activities that could present potential or actual conflicts of
interest and may raise questions among shareholder as to whether those transactions are consistent with the best
interests of Amrize and its shareholders. Our Related Person Transactions Policy has been approved by our Board, and
the Nomination and Governance Committee periodically reviews this policy and recommends any changes to the
Board. If, in a particular circumstance, the Chief Legal Officer determines that a proposed transaction is a related person
transaction, the material facts of the transaction and the related person’s interest are provided to the Nomination and
Governance Committee for consideration. Only related person transactions that are in, or not inconsistent with, the best
interests of Amrize and its shareholders, as determined by the Nomination and Governance Committee, will be
approved. Additionally, any transaction that is a related person transaction that is required to be disclosed in Amrize’s
filings with the SEC will be disclosed in accordance with the applicable laws, rules and regulations.
NYSE Rules and Swiss Best Corporate Governance Practices
As discussed above, the Board of Directors has determined that, other than Jan Jenisch, each of our directors and
director nominees qualifies as ‘‘independent’’ in accordance with the NYSE rules. The NYSE rules include a series of
objective tests that prohibit a director from being considered independent if the director has or has had certain
employment, business, or family relationships with the company. The NYSE independence standard includes a series
of objective tests, such as that the director is not an employee of the company and has not engaged in various types of
business dealings with the company. In making determinations regarding director independence, the Board reviewed
and discussed information provided by the directors, the director nominees and Amrize with regard to each director and
director nominee’s business and personal activities as they may relate to Amrize and Amrize’s management and has
concluded that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of the Board, could interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.
With respect to the independence requirements under the Swiss Code of Best Practice, the Board of Directors has
likewise determined that each of Amrize’s current directors qualifies as independent.
SEC Rules
In addition to the NYSE independence standard and other policies and rules described above, the SEC has specific
disclosure requirements covering certain types of transactions involving Amrize and a director, executive officer,
persons, and entities affiliated with them.
We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors that provide them and their heirs, executors
and administrators with additional indemnification and related rights.
None of the following persons have been indebted to Amrize or its subsidiaries at any time since the beginning of
fiscal year 2025: any of our directors or executive officers; any nominee for election as a director; any member of the
immediate family of any of our directors, executive officers or nominees for director; any corporation or organization
of which any of our directors, executive officers or nominees is an executive officer or partner or is, directly or
indirectly, the beneficial owner of 10% or more of any class of equity securities (excluding trade debt incurred in the
ordinary course of business); and any trust or other estate in which any of the directors, executive officers or nominees
for director has a substantial beneficial interest or for which such person serves as a trustee or in a similar capacity.
Agreements with Holcim
In order to govern the ongoing relationships between us and Holcim after the Spin­off and to facilitate an orderly
transition, we and Holcim entered into the Separation and Distribution Agreement as well as other agreements,
including a Transition Services Agreement, a Tax Matters Agreement, an Employee Matters Agreement, IP Cross
License Agreements, a Trademark License Agreement and Commercial Agreements. The following summarizes the
terms of these agreements, forms of which are filed with the SEC as exhibits to the 2025 Form 10­K.
The Separation and Distribution Agreement
In connection with the Spin­off, which was completed through a pro rata distribution (the ‘‘Distribution’’), the
Company and Holcim entered into a separation and distribution agreement (the ‘‘Separation and Distribution

42

Agreement’’). The Separation and Distribution Agreement sets forth our agreement with Holcim regarding the principal
transactions necessary to separate us from Holcim. It also sets forth other agreements that govern certain aspects of our
relationship with Holcim after the completion of the Spin­off.
Transition Services Agreement
In connection with the Spin­off, the Company and Holcim entered into a transition services agreement (the ‘‘Transition
Services Agreement’’) that governs certain services to be provided by Holcim to us, and by us to Holcim, to help
facilitate our and Holcim’s respective transitions to standalone businesses. The charges for such services are generally
intended to allow the service provider to recover all of its direct and indirect costs, and may include a reasonable markup
of such costs. The services to be provided by and to either us or Holcim are principally set forth in schedules attached
to the Transition Services Agreement, and include services currently being provided by us or Holcim to the other that
we and Holcim need to continue receiving following the Spin­off to operate our respective businesses, including
information technology and financial­related services, among others. The services to be provided under the Transition
Services Agreement are to be provided for a specified period of time depending on the type and scope of services to be
provided, up to two years from the effective date of the Transition Services Agreement.
Tax Matters Agreement
In connection with the Spin­off, the Company and Holcim entered into a tax matters agreement (the ‘‘Tax Matters
Agreement’’) that governs the parties’ respective rights, responsibilities and obligations with respect to tax liabilities
and benefits, tax attributes, the preparation and filing of tax returns, the control of audits and other tax proceedings and
other matters regarding taxes.
The Tax Matters Agreement, among other things, provides special rules that allocate tax liabilities in the event the
Distribution or certain related transactions fail to qualify as transactions that are tax­free for U.S. federal income tax
purposes or tax­neutral for Swiss tax purposes. Under the Tax Matters Agreement, we have generally agreed to
indemnify Holcim and its affiliates against any and all tax­related liabilities incurred by them relating to the Distribution
and certain related transactions, to the extent caused by any representation by us being incorrect, an acquisition of our
shares or assets, or any other action undertaken or failure to act by us that is inconsistent with the restrictions set forth
in the Tax Matters Agreement, which are applicable for periods of varying length, from two years to as long as five years
following the Distribution. Pursuant to this obligation, we could be required to indemnify Holcim for, among other
things, material amounts of Swiss corporate income tax, Swiss withholding tax, Swiss stamp duty and U.S. federal
income tax obligations. This indemnification will apply even if Holcim has permitted us to take an action that would
otherwise have been prohibited under the tax­related covenants described below.
Employee Matters Agreement
In connection with the Spin­off, the Company and Holcim entered into an employee matters agreement (the ‘‘Employee
Matters Agreement’’) to allocate liabilities and responsibilities relating to employment matters, employee
compensation and benefits plans and programs and other related matters. The Employee Matters Agreement governs
certain compensation and employee benefit obligations with respect to the current and former employees and
non­employee directors of each company. The Employee Matters Agreement also governs the treatment of outstanding
Holcim equity awards held by Amrize employees prior to the Spin­Off.
The Employee Matters Agreement provides that, following the Distribution, Amrize employees generally no longer
participate in beneﬁt plans sponsored or maintained by Holcim and instead participate in beneﬁt plans maintained by the
Company.
The Employee Matters Agreement also sets forth the general principles relating to employee matters relating to the
Spin­off, including with respect to the assignment and transfer of relevant employees, the assumption and retention of
liabilities and related assets, workers’ compensation, payroll taxes, regulatory ﬁlings, leaves of absence, the provision
of comparable benefits, employee service credit, the sharing of employee information and the duplication or
acceleration of benefits.
IP Cross-License Agreement
In connection with the Spin­off, the Company, an affiliate of the Company and an affiliate of Holcim entered into an
intellectual property cross­license agreement (the ‘‘IP Cross­License Agreement’’), which agreement sets forth the
terms and conditions pursuant to which we and Holcim will each grant and receive licenses to and from the other under

43

patents, technology and related intellectual property to use in all fields of business. We and our affiliates have licensed
to Holcim, and Holcim has licensed to us, certain patents, know­how and copyrights allocated to the other party under
the Separation Agreement for use in the conduct of our respective businesses. Each respective license is non­exclusive,
fully paid­up (without the obligation to pay any royalties), worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and non­terminable
(except with respect to certain change of control and assignment events).
Trademark License Agreement
In connection with the Spin­off, the Company, Holcim and an affiliate of Holcim entered into a trademark license
agreement (the ‘‘Trademark License Agreement’’) to provide us time to phase out use of certain names, trademarks and
brands owned by Holcim. Under the Trademark License Agreement, Holcim has licensed to us certain trademarks
related to the ‘‘Holcim’’ and ‘‘Lafarge’’ names and brands and certain other trademarks owned by Holcim for certain of
our products and/or services, which license is exclusive (including as against Holcim) in certain jurisdictions in which
we operate, subject to certain exceptions to exclusivity. We are required to use such names, trademarks and brands in a
manner consistent with historical quality levels and not in a manner that would tarnish or otherwise adversely affect the
reputation of the names, trademarks and brands, and Holcim, as a licensor, has certain quality control rights with respect
to the licensed names, trademarks and brands. Such licenses have been obtained without additional consideration, and
will last for up to thirty (30) months from the effective date of the Trademark License Agreement, unless earlier
terminated by Holcim for uncured material breach by us or if we cease to use the licensed trademarks, or in the event
of a change of control of or assignment to a third party by us or Holcim (in which case the party not undergoing the
change of control or not undertaking an assignment, as applicable, will have certain rights to terminate).
Commercial Agreements
In connection with the Spin­off, we and Holcim entered into certain commercial agreements, including a framework
supply agreement (the ‘‘Framework Supply Agreement’’) and a manufacturing and purchase agreement (the
‘‘Manufacturing and Purchase Agreement’’). The Framework Supply Agreement, among other things, governs the
relationship between Amrize and Holcim pursuant to which we have been afforded purchase rights to Holcim’s cement
exports to the United States on an arm’s length basis and on market terms. The Manufacturing and Purchase Agreement,
among other things, governs the relationship between Amrize and Holcim pursuant to which we will manufacture and
sell to Holcim certain products related to our portfolio of residential and commercial building performance solutions,
including roofing, wall and lining products, on an arm’s length basis and on market terms.
Insider Trading Policy
The Company has adopted an Insider Trading Policy, which governs the purchase, sale and other dispositions of the
Company’s securities by the Company’s directors, executive officers and associates. We believe our Insider Trading
Policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, as well as
applicable listing standards.
Option Timing Grant Policy
The Company does not have a policy on the timing of stock option grants, as it currently does not plan to issue stock
options to its employees.
Corporate Governance Guidelines; Code of Conduct
The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines. These guidelines address items such as the qualifications and
responsibilities of our directors and director candidates and the corporate governance policies and standards applicable
to the Board. In addition, the Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct that applies to all our directors, principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller, and all employees. The full text
of our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Conduct is available on our website
at: https://investors.amrize.com/governance/governance­documents. We will also disclose on this page of our website
any amendments to, or waivers from, the Code of Conduct.
Independent Auditor
Subject to approval of the shareholders, the Audit Committee of the Board has appointed Ernst and Young LLP (‘‘EY’’),
an independent registered public accounting firm, as independent auditor to examine the annual consolidated financial
statements of the Company and its subsidiary companies for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. The
shareholders are being asked to approve and ratify such appointment. A representative of EY will be available during the
meeting to make a statement, if such representative so desires, and to respond to shareholders’ questions.

44

Although approval and ratification of the Audit Committee’s appointment of EY is not required, we value the opinions
of our shareholders and believe that shareholder approval and ratification of the appointment is a good corporate
governance practice. In the event of a negative vote on this proposal, the Audit Committee will reconsider its
appointment of EY. Even if this appointment is approved and ratified, the Audit Committee may, in its discretion,
appoint a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if the Audit Committee
determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Ernst & Young AG audited our annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. Ernst
& Young AG was initially engaged to audit our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 in connection
with our Registration Statement on Form 10 relating to the Spin­Off.
The following table presents the approximate fees for professional audit services rendered by Ernst & Young AG for the
audit of our financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Due to the Spin­Off, no fees are reflected
for Amrize for the year ended December 31, 2024. Of the fee amounts presented in the table, $11,608,000 were paid by
Amrize and the remaining amounts were paid by Holcim prior to the Spin­Off.
Ernst & Young AG
2025 (USD in ‘000s)

Audit Fees(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Audit­Related Fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tax Fees. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
All Other Fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)

$12,608
$
0
$
0
$
0
$12,608

Includes audit fees related to professional services rendered in conjunction with the audit of our annual financial statements, the review of our
quarterly financial statements, comfort letters, consents, the audit of our statutory filings, and other services pertaining to SEC matters.

Ernst & Young AG’s full time employees conducted a majority of the audit of the Company’s 2025 financial statements.
Principal Accountant for 2026
As previously disclosed, on February 19, 2026, at the direction of the Audit Committee, we engaged Ernst & Young LLP
(‘‘EY US’’) as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026, including
performing reviews of the interim periods beginning with the period ending March 31, 2026. On the same date, the
Audit Committee dismissed Ernst & Young AG (‘‘EY Switzerland’’) as our independent registered public accounting
firm, given the engagement of EY US. The dismissal of EY Switzerland and the appointment of EY US were effective
immediately. EY Switzerland will continue to serve as our statutory auditor under Swiss Law.
On June 23, 2025, Holcim completed the Spin­Off. With our primary operations in North America after the Spin­Off,
we determined it appropriate to dismiss EY Switzerland and the appointment of EY US to better coordinate with our
financial reporting function in the United States. In connection with the Spin­Off, Holcim had engaged EY Switzerland
to audit our combined financial statements included in our Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended and filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2025 (the ‘‘Form 10’’). The report of EY Switzerland
on our combined financial statements for each of the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
included in the Form 10 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, nor was the report qualified or
modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles.
During the two fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the subsequent interim period through February 19,
2026, there were no (a) ‘‘disagreements’’ (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S­K and the related
instructions) between Amrize and EY Switzerland on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial
statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures which, if not resolved to the satisfaction of EY Switzerland, would
have caused EY Switzerland to make reference to the matter in connection with its report, or (b) ‘‘reportable events,’’
as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S­K, other than, as previously disclosed in the Form 10, we
identified a material weakness in the design and operation of its internal control over financial reporting related to
insufficient accounting and supervisory personnel who have the appropriate level of U.S. GAAP technical accounting
experience and training. Prior to the Spin­Off, and at the time the material weakness was identified, we were not a

45

standalone entity and did not have a board of directors or an audit committee. Therefore, the Audit Committee did not
discuss the material weakness with EY Switzerland at the time the material weakness was identified. We have
authorized EY Switzerland to respond fully to the inquiries of EY US concerning the identified material weakness.
During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the subsequent interim period through February 19,
2026, neither Amrize nor anyone on its behalf, consulted with EY US with respect to (a) the application of accounting
principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered
on our consolidated financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to Amrize that EY
US concluded was an important factor considered by Amrize in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or
financial reporting issue, or (b) any matter that was either the subject of a ‘‘disagreement’’ (as defined in
Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S­K and the related instructions) or a reportable event (as described in
Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S­K).
Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures
The Audit Committee has adopted a policy regarding the retention of the Company’s principal independent registered
public accounting firm that requires pre­approval of all of the firm’s services by the Audit Committee or, in some cases,
by the Chair of the Audit Committee. Prior to the engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm, our
Audit Committee pre­approves the above­described services by category of service and maximum amount of fees per
category. During the year, circumstances may arise when it may become necessary to engage the principal independent
registered public accounting firm for additional services not contemplated in the original preapproval or for services in
excess of the originally pre­approved amount. In those instances, the policy requires that we obtain the Audit
Committee’s pre­approval for those services. If pre­approval is required between Audit Committee meetings, the Chair
of the Audit Committee may pre­approve the services, provided that notice of such pre­approval is given to the other
members of the Audit Committee and presented to the Audit Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. All
services provided by Ernst & Young AG in fiscal year 2025 were pre­approved by the Audit Committee, or prior to the
Spin­Off, by Holcim.

46

Report of the Audit Committee
The Audit Committee supports the Board of Directors in the performance of its supervisory duties, including with
respect to the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, accounting and financial reporting practices and the
internal and independent audit processes, including the independent auditor’s qualifications and independence, and the
performance of the independent auditors and internal audit department.
The Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee. A copy of the charter can be found on
Amrize’s website https://investors.amrize.com/governance/governance­documents.
The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2025, with Amrize’s management. In addition, the Audit Committee has also discussed with Ernst &
Young AG matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board.
The Audit Committee has also received and reviewed the written disclosures and the letter from Ernst & Young AG
required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent
registered public accounting firm’s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and has
discussed with Ernst & Young AG their independence.
Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors
that the audited consolidated financial statements be included in Amrize’s Annual Report on Form 10­K for the year
ended December 31, 2025 for filing with the SEC.
Submitted by the Audit Committee of the Board
Robert Rivkin, Chairperson
Dwight Gibson
Holli Ladhani
Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports
Under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, each of our directors, executive officers, and any beneficial owner of more
than 10% of our common stock, is required to file with the SEC initial reports of beneficial ownership of our common
stock and reports of changes in beneficial ownership of our common stock. Such persons also are required by SEC
regulations to furnish us with copies of all such reports. Based solely on our review of the copies of such reports
furnished to us for the year ended December 31, 2025, and on the written representations made by our directors and
executive officers that no other reports were required, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2024, the
following reports were not filed in a timely manner: a Form 4 was filed late on August 14, 2025, on behalf of Mr. Jaime
Hill to disclose one late transaction that occurred on August 8, 2025.
Shareholder Proposals for 2027 Annual General Meeting
We anticipate holding our 2027 Annual General Meeting on or about April 20, 2027. One or more registered
shareholders who satisfy the minimum shareholding requirements in the Articles of Association may demand that an
item be placed on the agenda for our 2027 Annual General Meeting of shareholders by delivering a written request
describing the proposal to the Corporate Secretary of Amrize at our principal executive office in the United States no
later than January 20, 2027.
In addition, if you are a registered shareholder and satisfy the shareholding requirements under Rule 14a­8 of the U.S.
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the ‘‘Exchange Act’’), you may submit a proposal for consideration by the Board of
Directors for inclusion in Amrize’s proxy statement for its 2027 Annual General Meeting by delivering a request and a
description of the proposal to the Corporate Secretary of Amrize at our principal executive office in the United States no later
than November 11, 2026. The proposal will need to comply with Rule 14a­8 of the ExchangeAct, which lists the requirements
for the inclusion of shareholder proposals in company­sponsored proxy materials under U.S. securities laws.
If you are a registered shareholder who intends to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than Amrize’s
nominees under Rule 14a­19 of the Exchange Act, you must submit notice to the Corporate Secretary of Amrize at our
principal executive office in the United States no later than February 22, 2027. The notice will need to comply with
Rule 14a­19 of the Exchange Act.
Under the Articles of Association only registered shareholders are recognized as Amrize shareholders. As a result, if you
are not a registered shareholder you may not make proposals for the 2027 Annual General Meeting.

47

COMPENSATION REPORT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2025
The compensation disclosures in this proxy statement, consisting of the Compensation Discussion andAnalysis, Report of the
Compensation Committee, Compensation Tables, Director Compensation Disclosures and Swiss Compensation Report
Tables (together the ‘‘Compensation Report’’), have been designed to comply with both the proxy statement disclosure rules
under U.S. securities laws, the Swiss corporate law and the standard relating to information on compensation in the Directive
on Corporate Governance of the SIX Swiss Exchange. For Swiss law purposes, this Compensation Report is supplemented
by the Swiss Compensation Report Tables prepared in compliance with the Swiss Code of Obligations.
Also referred to in the Swiss Compensation Report Tables is compensation for those members of our Board of Directors
that receive compensation for their service on the Board (the ‘‘Non­Employee Directors’’). Compensation details for
our Non­Employee Directors can be found in the section of this report titled ‘‘Director Summary Compensation Table’’.
This Compensation Report is an integrated part of our Invitation and Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual General Meeting.
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
Executive Summary
Amrize successfully completed the Distribution from our former parent company, Holcim AG (‘‘Holcim’’), on June 23,
2025 with listing on both the SIX Swiss Exchange (‘‘SIX’’) and New York Stock Exchange (‘‘NYSE’’). Following the
Distribution, the Company’s newly formed Compensation Committee assumed responsibility of reviewing and
approving the Company’s executive compensation programs and policies. This Compensation Discussion and Analysis
(‘‘CD&A’’) discusses compensation programs associated with Amrize’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
(‘‘CEO’’), Named Executive Officers (‘‘NEOs’’), and members of the Executive Management of the Company,
otherwise referred to as the Executive Committee (‘‘ExCo’’).
This CD&A covers compensation program designs and philosophy pertaining to the entire fiscal year 2025, including
compensation paid prior to the Distribution on June 23, 2025 (the ‘‘Distribution Date’’). Prior to the Distribution,
compensation decisions for the NEOs and ExCo were the responsibility of the Holcim Nomination, Compensation &
Governance Committee. Following the Distribution, compensation decisions for these groups were overseen by the
Amrize Compensation Committee.
For the purposes of this CD&A, we refer to the following individuals as our NEOs:
•

Jan Jenisch, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;

•

Ian Johnston, our Chief Financial Officer;

•

Denise Singleton, our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary;

•

Jaime Hill, our President, Building Materials; and

•

Jake Gosa, our President, Building Envelope.

Our ExCo is defined by the Compensation Committee in keeping with Swiss corporate law and differs from the above
NEOs. The ExCo includes additional individuals who are not NEOs as required by U.S. securities laws and are
delineated by the Board of Directors.
Named Executive Officers (NEOs)
in compliance with U.S. securities law

Executive Committee (ExCo)
in compliance with Swiss corporate law

All NEOs listed in the left column, plus:
Nollaig Forrest, Chief Marketing & Corporate Affairs
Officer
Stephen Clark, Chief People Officer

Jan Jenisch, CEO
Ian Johnston, CFO
Denise Singleton, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate
Secretary
Jaime Hill, President, Building Materials
Jake Gosa, President, Building Envelope

Samuel Poletti, Chief Strategy and M&A Officer
Mario Gross, Chief Supply Chain Officer
Roald Brouwer, Chief Technology Officer

48

Compensation and incentive design details disclosed in this CD&A ­ other than individual­specific details ­ are
applicable to both the NEOs and the additional members of the ExCo, unless noted otherwise. For further details on our
ExCo, see the Swiss Compensation Report Tables and Proposal 14 in the section ‘‘Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders of Amrize ­ Agenda Items’’ above.
Fiscal Year 2025 Business Highlights
Fiscal year 2025 was a milestone year for Amrize, notable for navigating a complex transition to being an independent
public entity following the Distribution while simultaneously delivering solid financial performance. The Company
delivered top­line growth of 1% and generated strong free cash flow of $1.5 billion while at the same time made
strategic investments in organic growth projects such as the Midlothian, Exshaw and St. Constant cement plants. Those
investments are targeted to achieve operational efficiencies, expand production and meet customer demands. In
addition to organic investments, the company completed 3 bolt­on acquisitions.
Strategic
Progress

Completed the expansion of our flagship Ste. Genevieve cement plant in Q4 2025, adding
660 thousand tons of production capacity and improving efficiency at North America’s largest
cement plant.
On track with new state­of­the­art Malarkey shingle factory in Indiana (50%+ production increase
comissioned by the end of 2026) and beginning the expansion of our St. Constant cement plant in
Quebec (300 thousand tons additional capacity).
Organic growth projects on track: investing to expand aggregates production by 200 million tons
of reserves in Oklahoma to serve the fast growing Dallas­Fort Worth market; investing in our
Midlothian, Texas cement plant (100 thousand tons additional capacity); investing in our Exshaw,
Alberta cement plant (50 thousand tons additional capacity).
Supported over 30 data center projects in 2025 including large scale projects such as a new data
center campus in Louisiana.
ASPIRE synergy program progressing with 450+ new logistics and service providers onboarded
and 400+ projects underway, targeting 70 bps margin expansion in 2026 and on track to achieve
$250 million synergies through 2028.
Stood up independent systems and operating models across Amrize’s functions in conjunction
with the Distribution.
Established relationships with new investors in North America with ownership now representing
38% of total vs. 34% around the time of the Distribution.

Top-Line
Growth

Total Company revenues up 1% to $11.8 billion reflecting continued infrastructure spend and
improving commercial customer demand.
Building Materials revenue grew 2% to $8.5 billion with cement volumes down 1% and pricing up
0.3%, while aggregates volume was down 1% with freight adjusted pricing up 6%.
Building Envelope revenue down 2% to $3.3 billion driven by softer residential roofing demand.
Residential roofing softness was driven by lower new construction and existing home sales as well
as by milder storm seasons in 2025. The Ox Engineered Products acquisition contributed
$107 million to Building Envelope revenue in 2025.

Bottom-Line
Performance

Adjusted EBITDA of $3.0 billion, was down 5% vs. 2024. This reflects continued infrastructure
spend and improving commercial market demand, offset by residential softness. Within Building
Materials, results were driven by higher prices in both Cement and Aggregates. Within Building
Envelope, residential roofing softness impacted overall results.

49

Fiscal Year 2025 Executive Leadership and Compensation Highlights
Fiscal year 2025 was a foundational year as we built teams and compensation programs that could establish future
strategies for an independent Amrize and deliver against ambitious goals. The leadership team foundation was anchored
by Jan Jenisch being appointed as CEO effective May 2025. Mr. Jenisch built a team of highly experienced and capable
leaders, drawing upon internal talent (e.g., Messrs. Johnston and Hill), as well as attracting outstanding individuals such
as Ms. Singleton and Mr. Gosa to lead key functions and businesses.
In conjunction with the Distribution, Amrize established a go­forward compensation philosophy and pay programs that
would create a strong link between pay and performance, attract and motivate outstanding leaders, provide alignment with
shareholders, and reinforce execution of the business strategy. Many of these elements represented a continuation of prior
Holcim approaches, though they also reflect strategies that are specific to Amrize. Highlights of the pay program structures
and related performance and pay alignment in fiscal year 2025 are noted below. Overall, our performance was strong, with
incentive program results that reflected mixed performance across our Business Segments.
Element

Description

Fiscal 2025 Results

Compensation
Philosophy

We have designed our executive compensation
programs around the following core principles:

In conjunction with the Distribution, the
Holcim Nomination, Compensation &
Governance Committee (pre­Distribution)
and Amrize Compensation Committee
(post­Distribution) applied the pay
philosophy in the determination and
administration of Amrize’s new pay
programs.

1.
2.
3.
4.

Establish a strong link between pay and
performance and create shareholder value.
Attract, retain, and motivate a highly talented
leadership team.
Align executives’ interests with shareholders’
interests.
Reinforce business strategies and drive long­
term sustained shareholder value.

Base Salary

Target fixed compensation generally approximated
market median to allow for attraction and retention
of highly qualified leaders.

Aligned with pay philosophy. Established
new pay levels for leaders from within
Amrize as well as those that joined from
outside the Company in conjunction with a
review of market pay practices.

Annual ShortTerm Incentive

Short­term incentive program which measures
performance in fiscal year 2025 against a mix of top­
and bottom­line financial metrics as well as
objectives tied to operational effectiveness as
approved by the Compensation Committee and
Board.

Fiscal Year 2025 Bonus Payout:
• Corporate Result: 133% of target
• Segment President Results
○
○

Annual LongTerm Incentive

Mr. Hill = 156% of target
Mr. Gosa = 79% of target

Equity awarded in fiscal year 2025 fell into two
categories:

Equity Award Performance Cycles
Completed in 2025:

• Annual Equity Awards — granted as part of
regular, ongoing programs for post­Distribution
Amrize
• Converted Equity Awards — granted as
replacement equity for those executives who had
been employees of the pre­Distribution combined
entity and are now executives of post­
Distribution Amrize

• Converted FY23–25 PSUs: 174% of
target
• Converted 2021 PSOs: 100% of
maximum

Both of these equity award programs were awarded
in entirely performance­based equity vehicles, whose

50

Element

Description

Fiscal 2025 Results

realized value, if any at all, are dependent on
performance measured
Annual equity awards were aligned with U.S. market
practices and the Company’s pay philosophy.
The NEOs generally participate in our benefit programs on the same basis as all of our employees.

Benefits

Compensation Program Overview
Compensation Philosophy
Following the Distribution, the Compensation Committee has reviewed and aligned our executive compensation
principles and philosophy to best meet our go­forward business objectives and status as an independent, stand­alone
company with a focus on the North American talent market. We have designed our executive compensation programs
around the following core principles:
1.

Establish a strong link between pay and performance and create shareholder value.

2.

Attract, retain, and motivate a highly talented leadership team.

3.

Align executives’ interests with shareholders’ interests.

4.

Reinforce business strategies and drive long­term sustained shareholder value.

In accordance with the above principles, the Compensation Committee has set a majority of NEOs’ pay in variable
compensation elements whose actual payout is contingent on Company and/or business unit performance against
pre­determined goals set by the Compensation Committee and Board. Performance metrics and goals cover both
strategic operating and financial goals to align with Amrize’s strategy and pay philosophy.
Consistent with our compensation philosophy to provide rewards that enable us to attract and retain strong leaders to
drive business results, we generally approximate market median pay for comparable positions at similar companies.
Positioning can vary somewhat based on factors such as experience in the role and individual performance.
How Our Executive Compensation is Set
Following the Distribution, the Board adopted a charter for the Compensation Committee, which gives, among its other
responsibilities, oversight responsibility for executive compensation. In determining executive compensation, the
Compensation Committee takes into consideration recommendations and input from the CEO, Chief People Officer,
and third­party, independent advisors. However, the CEO and other executives do not attend sections of meetings that
address determination of their own performance and/or compensation.
After each Compensation Committee meeting, the chair of the Compensation Committee reports to the Board of
Directors on the activities of the Compensation Committee. The minutes of the Compensation Committee meetings are
available to all members of the Board of Directors. The table below summarizes the responsibilities of the relevant
parties in determining executive compensation:
Board of Directors

• Approve CEO compensation and employment agreement
• Approve the CD&A and proxy statement disclosure
• Approve the maximum compensation amounts for the ExCo and Board of Directors to
be submitted for approval to the Annual General Meeting
• Develop and approve annual objectives for CEO that align with the Company’s strategic
direction

Compensation
Committee

•
•
•

Establish executive compensation philosophy
Propose compensation policy for CEO and other ExCo members to the Board
Define and implement criteria for variable short­ and long­term compensation

51

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Make recommendations to the Board on new or amended incentive­based and equity­
based compensation plans
Approve compensation levels for other ExCo members within the limits approved at the
Annual General Meeting
Recommend to the Board annual targets for CEO and other ExCo members under the
Company’s incentive compensation programs
Review and approve, for the CEO and other ExCo members, employment agreements,
non­competition agreements, and special benefits for executives
Review peer group companies for compensation benchmarking and provide market
comparison data to the Board
Review the adherence of Board members, CEO, and other ExCo members to the stock
ownership guideline
Propose to the Board the CD&A
Propose to the Board the maximum compensation amounts for the ExCo and the Board
of Directors to be submitted to the Annual General Meeting for approval

Make recommendations to the Compensation Committee pertaining to annual
performance objectives including short­ and long­term incentive plan goals
• Make recommendations to the Compensation Committee on performance of ExCo
members
• Recommends compensation levels of our ExCo members (except for his own pay)
• Preparation of strategic direction for the Company and propose to Board for approval

CEO

•

Independent
Advisors

The Compensation Committee retains the authority to obtain professional consultancy
services and other advisors as needed to fulfill its responsibilities. In fiscal year 2025, the
Compensation Committee engaged Semler Brossy Consulting Group (‘‘Semler Brossy’’)
and PwC Switzerland as its independent compensation advisors.
Semler Brossy provided no services to the Company in fiscal year 2025 other than executive
and director compensation consulting and advisory services. There are clear rules and
controls in place to ensure the independence of the consultant.
PwC Switzerland provided other services to Amrize in fiscal year 2025 and there are clear
rules and controls in place to ensure the independence of the consultant.
The Compensation Committee enlisted both U.S. and Swiss consultants in recognition of the
added complexity of operating in both the U.S. and Swiss regulatory environments. Primary
responsibilities are to:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Conduct annual assessments of the compensation peer group
Assist with design and market benchmarking of our short­ and long­term incentive plans
Analyze executive compensation levels and practices of companies in our compensation
peer group
Ensure alignment with the relevant regulatory, governance, and shareholder requirements
Review and provide input on our CD&A
Review and provide input on the compensation motions to be submitted to the Annual
General Meeting
Provide advice with respect to best practices to the Compensation Committee
Provide ad hoc advice and support on compensation­ and governance­related matters

Compensation Peer Group
Following the Distribution, the Compensation Committee approved the peer group that had been used by our former
parent company’s Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee to benchmark pay levels and design features,
including mix and performance criteria. This group focused on U.S. publicly traded companies to correspond with the
Company’s North American business focus and competition in the U.S. executive talent market.

52

To help guide the Compensation Peer Group selection process in an objective manner, the following criteria were used
to select companies included in this group:
Element

Primary Criteria

Rationale

Geographic
Focus

Publicly Traded U.S. Companies

The group is intended to reflect Amrize’s focus on the
North American talent and business markets.

Industry

Building Products and
Construction Materials sectors

These sectors represent Amrize’s primary business focus,
though adjacent industrial sectors are also reviewed given
the limited availability of direct competitors.

Financial Size

Similar in revenue and market
capitalization size to Amrize

Defined as approximately one­third to three times Amrize’s
annual revenue and market capitalization at the time of
review

The Compensation Committee intends to review the composition of this peer group on an annual basis to ensure that
companies of appropriate size, complexity, and business relevance are included. Our independent compensation
consultants will assist in these reviews.
Based on these criteria, the Compensation Committee reviewed with its independent compensation consultants and
approved in August 2025 the following peer group of 18 publicly­traded companies, which it used to benchmark pay
and governance practices in fiscal year 2025 and intends to use for fiscal year 2026 with no changes:
3M Company
Builders FirstSource
Carlisle Companies
Carrier Global
Celanese
CRH

Dupont de Nemours
Johnson Controls International
Martin Marietta Materials
Masco
Nucor
Otis Worldwide

Owens Corning
PPG Industries
RPM International
The Sherwin­Williams Company
Trane Technologies
Vulcan Materials Company

This set of peers is used to benchmark executives’ pay against data for roles comparable to their respective position at
Amrize. Where necessary due to insufficient disclosure, peer data is supplemented with broad market survey data,
scaled to the appropriate revenue scope and role for each executive. A benchmarking analysis of executive
compensation was conducted in fiscal year 2025 and is intended to be conducted — with input from independent
advisors as retained by the Compensation Committee — on an annual basis.
Total Direct Compensation Overview
Each ExCo member has a target total direct compensation opportunity made up of three components: (1) annual base
salary (‘‘Base Salary’’), (2) annual short­term incentive or annual bonus (‘‘Bonus’’), and (3) annual long­term
incentives delivered in equity (‘‘LTI’’). A majority of our ExCo members’ annual compensation for fiscal year 2025 was
delivered in variable pay elements whose ultimate realizable value depended on performance against Amrize’s strategic
operational and financial goals as established by the Compensation Committee and the Company’s share price. Amrize
believes this approach motivates executives to consider the impact of their decisions on shareholder value. This
performance­based pay mix approach was done in consultation with market analysis of U.S. pay practices prepared by
the Compensation Committee’s independent advisor (Semler Brossy).

53

The following charts show the percentage of target pay1 which is denominated in each of the three aforementioned
components for our CEO, Non­CEO NEOs, and other Non­CEO ExCo members in fiscal year 2025.
(1)

Percentage mix values are calculated based on target values of performance­based cash and equity elements.

CEO

Non-CEO NEOs

Salary
11%

Salary
26%

Bonus
17%

LTI
51%

LTI
72%

Bonus
23%
74%

89%
Performance-Based,
Variable Pay

Non-CEO ExCo Members

Salary
30%

LTI
46%
70%

Performance-Based,
Variable Pay

Bonus
24%

Performance-Based,
Variable Pay

This mix of pay elements is intended to align Amrize’s executive compensation with shareholder value creation and the
Company’s executive compensation philosophy.
Element

Purpose

Metric

Fixed Pay Elements
Base Salary

Provide fixed compensation to attract and
retain talent

Salary is delivered fully in cash and tied closely to
the competitive market data from our compensation
peer group for each executive’s respective role and
individual performance

Variable Pay Elements
Annual
Short-Term
Incentive

Reward for short­term performance and
define near­term goals for the executive
team

54

Vehicle: Cash
Performance Period: One Year
Payout Range: Payout between 0­200% of target
value based on achievement of specified weighted
performance goals.
Performance Metrics (Weighting):
• Adj. EBITDA Growth (40%)
• Cash Conversion (25%)
• Revenue Growth (20%)1
• Health, Safety, and Environment (HSE)
Scorecard (15%)
Segment Presidents: Final payout for
Messrs. Hill and Gosa is weighted 70% to
performance of their respective Business
Segments and 30% to Amrize corporate results

Element

Purpose

Metric

Annual
Long-Term
Incentive

Reward for long­term performance and to
align executives with shareholder
interests through share­based equity. This
vehicle is also critical to retention of
executive talent due to the multi­year
vesting schedule

Vehicle: 100% Performance­Based Stock Units
(PSUs)
Performance Period: Three Years
Vesting: Annual LTI awards cliff vest at the end of
the three­year performance period subject to
performance achievement
Payout Range: Payout between 0­200% of target
value based on achievement of specified weighted
performance goals.
PSU Performance Metrics (Weighting):
• Adj. EPS Growth (50%)
• Relative TSR (rTSR) compared to the S&P
500 Industrials Index (50%)

(1)

Revenue growth reflects Amrize’s reported revenue excluding transformational M&A.

As required by Swiss corporate law, our Articles of Association include provisions on compensation (full version:
https://investors.amrize.com/_assets/_7cfd2b2d99877568dd67b664ed794252/amrize/db/928/9518/file/Amrize­
Articles­of­Assoc­June­2025.pdf):
•

Art. 19: Remuneration of the Board of Directors

•

Art. 20 and 21: Compensation Committee

•

Art. 23: Compensation of the Board of Directors and Executive Management ­ Approval by the Annual
General Meeting

•

Art. 24: Compensation of the Board of Directors and Executive Management – Supplementary Amounts

•

Art. 25: Compensation of the Board of Directors and Executive Management – General Principles of
Compensation

•

Art. 26: Compensation of the Board of Directors and Executive Management – Retirement Benefits

•

Art. 27: Agreements with Members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Management – Employment
and Agency Agreements

•

Art. 28: Mandates outside the Company – External Mandates

55

Executive Compensation Best Practices
The Compensation Committee adheres to the following principles in setting executive compensation design to align
with best market practices and reinforce Amrize’s values:
What We Do

What We Avoid

Link Pay to Performance – A substantial portion of
total pay for our ExCo members is delivered in at­risk,
variable pay components linked to performance.

Guaranteed Bonus or Equity – The entirety of pay
delivered through our short­ and long­term incentive
programs is at­risk and subject to actual performance
against pre­determined goals.

Engage with Independent Compensation
Consultants – The Compensation Committee directly
engages third­party advisors to review our compensation
programs and provide guidance on compensation
matters independent of management.

Special Retirement Programs – We do not offer pension
arrangements, nonqualified deferred compensation loans or
special arrangements for retirement to our ExCo members
other than our Section 401(k) plan generally available to all
employees in the U.S. and our Swiss statutory pension plan
provided to all employees in Switzerland as required by
Swiss law.

Annual Compensation Review – The Compensation
Committee, along with its independent advisors,
conducts an annual review of our compensation
programs, philosophy, and strategy.

Unearned Dividend Payments – We do not pay dividends
or dividend equivalents on unearned PSUs.

Annual Compensation Risk Assessment – Material
adverse risks that may arise from the Company’s
compensation programs are evaluated by the
Compensation Committee on an annual basis.

Excessive Perquisites – Benefits and perquisites provided
to our executives are aligned and benchmarked against peer
practices.

Emphasize Long-Term Equity Compensation – A
majority of our NEOs’ and ExCo members’ annual
compensation is delivered in the form of equity which is
subject to and may only vest on the basis of performance
measured over a multi­year period against goals set by
the Compensation Committee.

Tax Gross-Ups – Tax reimbursement payments are
avoided for our executives to the extent that benefits
provided incur taxes.
Single-Trigger Equity Vesting in Event of a Change in
Control – Equity acceleration is not automatically
provided in case of a change in control.

Maintain Robust Stock Ownership Guidelines – We
require our ExCo members and Non­Employee
Directors to acquire and maintain a meaningful equity
stake in the Company.

Sign-on and Severance Payments – As required by Swiss
law, we do not pay sign­on or severance payments to ExCo
members.

Enforce and Maintain a Compensation Recovery
Policy – We have adopted a compensation recovery
policy that provides for the recoupment of erroneously
awarded incentive­based compensation from our
Section 16 officers in accordance with the Dodd­Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
Prohibit Hedging, Pledging and Short Sales – Under
our Anti­Hedging and ­Pledging Policies, we prohibit
our Directors, ExCo members, and other executive
officers from any short sales, transactions in derivatives,
hedging, and pledging of Amrize securities.

56

Compensation Program Details
Amrize completed its separation from Holcim on June 23, 2025, the Distribution Date. Compensation reported in this
CD&A focuses on pay executive officers have received in service at Amrize during fiscal year 2025, both pre­ and
post­Distribution. During fiscal year 2024 and prior to the Distribution on June 23, 2025, Amrize was a division of
Holcim. Full­year details are also reflected in our compensation tables (see Summary Compensation Table and Grants
of Plan­Based Awards).
Base Salary
We provide our executives with base salaries to provide a fixed amount of cash compensation. We view this component
of pay as critical to the retention and recruitment, as applicable, of a capable management team.
In fiscal year 2025, the Compensation Committee conducted a competitive review of our NEOs’ and ExCo members’
base salaries with competitive market analysis provided by Semler Brossy. Executive base salaries are intended to align
with our compensation philosophy regarding positioning against U.S. market pay data for officers’ respective roles as
well as consider Company and individual performance.
The table below shows the annual base salary rates of our NEOs as of December 31, 2025. Unless noted otherwise,
2025 base salaries shown below were effective beginning January 1, 2025.
2025 Annual
Base Salary (gross)

Name

Jan Jenisch(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ian Johnston. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Denise Singleton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jaime Hill. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jake Gosa(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

CHF 1,178,400
$1,486,669
$700,000
$725,000
$700,000
$650,000

(1)

Mr. Jenisch served as Non­Executive Chairman of Holcim AG from May 1, 2024 until May 14, 2025. After Holcim’s 2025 Annual General
Meeting, Mr. Jenisch transitioned to his current role as CEO of Amrize and shifted to his 2025 rate of salary of CHF 1.178 million effective
May 15, 2025. Actual base salary for 2025 was pro­rated for Mr. Jenisch’s time served in role in fiscal year 2025. Dollar values for Mr. Jenisch
reflect a conversion from CHF to U.S. dollars using the foreign exchange rate in effect on December 31, 2025 (1 CHF: 1.2616 USD).
Mr. Jenisch receives a salary denominated in CHF; value in USD is shown for informative purposes only.

(2)

Mr. Gosa was hired as President, Building Envelope effective March 2025. His actual base salary paid in fiscal year 2025 was pro­rated for time
served in role.

Since compensation arrangements with certain executive officers (e.g., Mr. Jenisch) are denominated in CHF, the USD
values are subject to currency exchange fluctuations. For example, Mr. Jenisch’s initial salary was set at CHF
1.178 million (as disclosed in our Form 10) and remained unchanged for the duration of his 2025 service at Amrize.
However, the converted value increased due to a change in CHF to USD currency exchange rates (1 CHF: 1.1035 USD
as of December 31, 2024 and 1 CHF: 1.2616 USD as of December 31, 2025).
Annual Short-Term Incentive
Our bonus is intended to reward and motivate executives for performance against financial and strategic operational
metrics. This is consistent with our executive compensation philosophy of providing a meaningful portion of our
executives’ total pay in the form of variable, at­risk pay vehicles.
Each ExCo member has a target award opportunity set as a percentage of their base salary. The target percentage is set with
consultation of U.S. market practices, individual performance, internal positioning, and considerations for the individual’s
total target compensation package and is reviewed by the Compensation Committee’s independent advisors. The target
percentage for NEOs is disclosed below. For the other ExCo members, it ranges from 60% to 90% of base salary.
The annual cash bonus is intended to reward strong performance with above­target payouts and weaker performance
with below­target payouts to provide a competitive total compensation package that directly aligns executive pay with
Company performance. Target award amounts are not guaranteed, and any realized portion of the annual bonus is
wholly dependent on achievement of performance goals set by the Compensation Committee.

57

Annual cash bonus outcomes for Messrs. Jenisch and Johnston and Ms. Singleton were based entirely on Amrize
corporate results for fiscal year 2025. Messrs. Hill and Gosa’s (our ‘‘Segment Presidents’’) annual cash bonuses were
based on both Amrize corporate and business­segment­specific results for either Building Materials or Building
Envelope (our ‘‘Business Segments’’), respectively.
Business
Segment

Name

Jan Jenisch(1,2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

N/A

Ian Johnston . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Denise Singleton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jaime Hill(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

N/A
N/A
Building
Materials
Building
Envelope

Jake Gosa(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Target Annual Cash
Bonus as % of Base
Salary

2025 Annual Base
Salary (gross)

Target Annual Cash
Bonus (gross)

CHF 1,178,400
$1,486,669
$700,000
$725,000
$700,000

x
x
x
x
x

150%
150%
90%
85%
90%

=
=
=
=
=

CHF 1,767,600
$2,230,004
$630,000
$616,250
$630,000

$650,000

x

90%

=

$585,000

(1)

Values for Mr. Jenisch reflect a conversion from CHF to U.S. dollars using the foreign exchange rate in effect on December 31, 2025
(1 CHF: 1.2616 USD). Mr. Jenisch receives a single bonus denominated in CHF; values in USD are shown for informative purposes only.

(2)

Value shown reflects the annualized target value for Mr. Jenisch. Mr. Jenisch’s actual target bonus in FY25 was pro­rated based on the portion
of the performance period served in role following his transition to his current role as CEO of Amrize effective May 15, 2025.

(3)

Messrs. Hill and Gosa, as Segment Presidents, have a majority of their annual cash bonus (70%) tied to their respective Business Segment’s
performance. 30% of their annual cash bonus is still tied to full­company, Amrize results which are the same as other NEOs.

We believe weighting a majority of our Segment Presidents’ annual short­term incentives outcomes to performance for
their respective Business Segment is consistent with our executive compensation philosophy of aligning pay with
performance and promotes divisional performance and results. This design makes realizable, annual cash pay
contingent on performance of the business directly overseen by these two individuals, while also maintaining a portion
of their annual incentive tied to Amrize corporate performance.
In designing our annual cash bonus program, we leveraged the design of our pre­Distribution parent company, Holcim,
to inform Amrize’s design. However, the Compensation Committee and Board approved a final design that fully aligned
with our status as an independent public entity operating primarily in the North American business market. The
Compensation Committee and Board’s approvals were made in conjunction with a competitive market analysis
completed by Semler Brossy of short­term, cash incentive plans among our peer group.
Performance Metrics
Financial performance is measured in our annual short­term incentive against pre­established goals for Adjusted
EBITDA Growth, Cash Conversion, and Revenue Growth. These financial measures were selected for their direct
connection to Amrize’s business strategy and ability to drive value for the Company.
In addition to a majority of weighted financial metrics—and consistent with our pre­Distribution parent company
design—we elected to include a weighted metric measuring performance against Health, Safety, and Environmental
(HSE) goals critical to the Company’s performance and operational effectiveness. The HSE scorecard measures
achievement of certain goals related to the safety and sustainability of our operations across three factors:
•

HSE Improvement Plan (HSE­IP): Includes strategic objectives such as key risk control, process safety
management, health & well­being, industrial hygiene, road safety, and incident elimination control

•

Critical Risk Elimination (CRE): Action closure of objectives that are determined from an HSE audit of
operations and safety management processes

•

Lost­Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR): Measures improvement of reducing time lost to workplace
injuries in the course of operations

Each of these HSE scorecard measures is evaluated separately for the individual Business Segments and at the corporate
level, and scores are applied accordingly for individuals subject to Business­Segment­specific metrics.

58

We believe this design and choice of metrics aligns directly with our strategic objectives, performance goals, business
priorities, and shareholder interests. See ‘‘Definition and Reconciliation of Non­GAAP Measures’’for further details on
our definition of certain of these measures.
NEO and ExCo Annual Cash Bonus Metric Mix (other than Segment Presidents)
Metric

Weighting

Rationale

Adjusted EBITDA
Growth
Cash Conversion
Revenue Growth

40.00%

Health, Safety, and
Environment (HSE)
Scorecard

15.00%

Encourages topline growth and responsible expense management from our
executive team; aligns performance with a key strategic priority for Amrize
Encourages financial and operating efficiency
Further emphasizes topline growth and aligns with investor expectation and
peer company practices
Provides a direct assessment of strategic objectives and aligns with
company philosophy

25.00%
20.00%

Annual cash bonuses for our Segment Presidents used the same mix of metrics but weighted 30% to Amrize corporate
results and 70% to Segment­specific results. For the avoidance of doubt, the mix of metrics used for each of our
Segment President aligned with the results of their respective Business Segment was as follows:
Segment President Annual Cash Bonus Metric Mix
Metric

Corporate- or Segment-Portion
Weighting

Blended Weighting (% of total)1

Amrize Corporate
(30% of total for
Segment
Presidents)

Adjusted EBITDA Growth
Cash Conversion
Revenue Growth
Health, Safety, and
Environment (HSE)
Scorecard

40.00%
25.00%
20.00%
15.00%

12.00%
7.50%
6.00%
4.50%

Business
Segment
(70% of total for
Segment
Presidents)

Adjusted EBITDA Growth
Cash Conversion
Revenue Growth
Health, Safety, and
Environment (HSE)
Scorecard

40.00%
25.00%
20.00%
15.00%

28.00%
17.50%
14.00%
10.50%

(1)

Represents the product of the weighting of a given Amrize corporate or Business Segment metric and the weighting of Amrize corporate or
Business Segment results for the applicable individual’s bonus outcome.

Annual cash bonus payouts for fiscal year 2025 were based on the above mix of metrics as indicated for each executive.
Each financial metric has a threshold goal below which no annual cash bonus will be earned. Payouts for performance
between threshold, target, and maximum goals would be determined using linear interpolation. The final payout of
annual cash bonuses may range from between 0% to 200% of each executive’s target bonus amount.
Fiscal Year 2025 Bonus Achievement
For Fiscal Year 2025, the Compensation Committee approved the goals below for our annual cash bonus metrics. Note,
the target performance levels for adjusted EBITDA growth and Revenue growth were both set at a slightly negative
level. These reflect the anticipated headwinds in the business due to macroeconomic uncertainty. Threshold and
maximum performance achievement against performance metrics corresponded to 50% and 200% payouts,
respectively, as a percentage of the target bonus amount.

59

Amrize
Corporate —
applicable
to all NEOs

Building
Materials —
applicable
to Mr. Hill

Building
Envelope —
applicable
to Mr. Gosa

Target
(100% of
target)

Maximum
(200% of
target)

Payout as
% of
Target
Bonus

Weighted
Average
Payout as %
of Target
Bonus

Metric

Weighting

Threshold
(50% of
target)

Adj. EBITDA
Growth
Cash Conversion
Revenue Growth
HSE Scorecard

40%
25%
20%
15%

­10.00%
40.00%
­3.00%
55

­5.00%
45.00%
­1.00%
85

1.00% ­5.40% 95.40%
55.00% 48.60% 136.20%
2.00% 0.50% 152.50%
100
100 200.00%

133%

Adj. EBITDA
Growth
Cash Conversion
Revenue Growth
HSE Scorecard

40%
25%
20%
15%

­7.40%
43.00%
­2.10%
55

­3.10%
45.70%
­0.60%
85

3.40% ­2.00% 115.80%
57.00% 61.00% 200.00%
2.90% 2.80% 198.1%
100
100 200.00%

166%

Adj. EBITDA
Growth
Cash Conversion
Revenue Growth
HSE Scorecard

40%
25%
20%
15%

­3.00%
48.00%
­4.40%
55

1.30%
52.40%
­2.90%
85

7.80% ­6.70%
0.00%
62.00% 52.90% 105.40%
0.60% ­4.90%
0.00%
100
100 200.00%

56%

Actual

Our fiscal year 2025 results are reflective of full­year Amrize performance, encompassing both our time as a division
of Holcim and post­Distribution, as an independent public entity. These goals were set by the Compensation Committee
and Board with the intention to encourage business growth and substantive, strong performance from our executive
team.
Performance against these metrics resulted in a payout percentage of 133% for Amrize corporate performance. Business
Materials’ performance ­ making up 70% of Mr. Hill’s award ­ resulted in a payout percentage of 166% target. Building
Envelope’s performance ­ making up 70% of Mr. Gosa’s award ­ resulted in a payout percentage of 56% of target.
Annual cash bonuses were calculated as shown below.
Messrs. Jenisch and Johnston and Ms. Singleton:

Target Annual Cash
Bonus Amount ($)

x

Amrize Corporate
Weighted Average
Payout (as % of
Target)

=

Actual Bonus Payout
($)

Mr. Hill:

Target Annual
Cash Bonus
Amount ($)

x

(

Amrize Corporate
Weighted
Average Payout
(as % of Target)

x

(

Amrize Corporate
Weighted
Average Payout
(as % of Target)

x 30% +

Building Materials
Weighted Average
Payout (as % of
Target)

x 70%

x 30% +

Building Envelope
Weighted Average
Payout (as % of
Target)

x 70%

)

=

Actual Bonus
Payout ($)

)

=

Actual Bonus
Payout ($)

Mr. Gosa:

Target Annual
Cash Bonus
Amount ($)

60

The Compensation Committee approved annual cash bonus payouts in the following amount for our NEOs for fiscal
year 2025:
Name

Target Cash Bonus
(gross)

Actual Bonus Payout
(as % of Target)

Actual Bonus Payout
(gross)

CHF 1,111,877
$1,402,745
$630,000
$616,250
$630,000
$585,000

133%
133%
133%
156%
79%

CHF 1,475,906
$1,862,003
$836,262
$818,010
$982,737
$463,730

Jan Jenisch(1,2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ian Johnston. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Denise Singleton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jaime Hill(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jake Gosa(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)
(2)
(3)

Values for Mr. Jenisch reflect a conversion from CHF to U.S. dollars using the foreign exchange rate in effect on December 31, 2025
(1 CHF: 1.2616 USD). Mr. Jenisch receives a single bonus denominated in CHF; values in USD are shown for informative purposes only.
Mr. Jenisch’s target cash bonus was pro­rated based on the portion of the performance period served in his current role.
Messrs. Hill and Gosa, as Segment Presidents, have a majority of their annual cash bonus tied to their respective Segment’s performance.
30% of their annual cash bonus is still tied to full­company, Amrize results.

Amrize navigated a complex transition to being an independent public company while delivering solid financial
performance amidst a challenging business environment. The Compensation Committee and Board determined that the
approved annual cash bonus payouts to our NEOs reflect Amrize’s performance during fiscal year 2025.
Long-Term Incentives
The Compensation Committee made equity grants to our ExCo in connection with the successful Distribution and our
status as an independent public entity in fiscal year 2025. Our ExCo received annual equity grants in the intended
normal course of our annual compensation program that is intended to provide executives with a total target
compensation package that is competitive in the U.S. market for their respective role.
Additionally, in connection with the Distribution and history as a division of Holcim, we assumed and transitioned
equity awards from our then parent company, Holcim, into awards with respect to shares of Amrize listed on either the
NYSE (‘‘NYSE: AMRZ’’) or SIX (‘‘SIX: AMRZ’’). This applied only to select ExCo with outstanding Holcim equity
awards immediately prior to the Distribution (the ‘‘Converted Equity Awards’’). These awards were granted in the form
of performance stock units (‘‘Converted PSUs’’) and performance stock options (‘‘Converted PSOs’’) that were and
continue to be entirely performance­based. Converted Equity Awards are considered to be neither additional
compensation nor part of annual target compensation.
Annual Equity Awards
The Compensation Committee set target award opportunities for our ExCo based on an assessment of competitive
market practices in our peer group and broader market in consultation with its independent advisors, as well as with
consideration of the experience profile and performance of the individual. The target opportunities of our executives’
equity awards are intended to be competitive for their respective roles in the U.S. market. These equity awards (at their
target opportunity value) constitute a majority of our executives’ annual target pay and tie a large portion of our
executives’ pay to the shareholder experience.
Component

Detail

Rationale

Equity Vehicle

100% Performance­Based Stock
Units
Adjusted EPS
(50% weighting)

Aligns with our compensation philosophy of aligning
pay with performance
These two metrics directly align with Amrize’s business
objectives to grow our overall profits and create
shareholder value

Metrics

Performance
Period

Relative TSR vs. S&P 500
Industrials Index (50%
weighting)
3 years

Both metrics are measured on a multi­year basis to orient
executives to long­term performance and value creation

61

Component

Detail

Rationale

Vesting

3­year cliff vest

Provides long­term shareholder alignment and
encourages retention of our senior leaders

Annual equity awards are delivered solely in performance­based stock units (‘‘PSUs’’). We believe this equity vehicle
is consistent with our executive compensation philosophy of rewarding pay for performance and engages and energizes
our executive team to execute our long­term business strategy. The entirety of the realizable value of these equity
awards is dependent on company financial and market performance evaluated against pre­determined goals set and
approved by the Compensation Committee and Board.
Target long­term incentive award opportunities are defined as follows for each of our NEOs:
2025 Annual Base
Salary (gross)

Name

Target Annual Equity
Award Opportunity
Target Annual Equity
(as % of Base Salary) Award Opportunity (gross)

Jan Jenisch(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . CHF 1,178,400

650%

Ian Johnston . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Denise Singleton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jaime Hill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jake Gosa(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

200%
200%
200%
200%

$700,000
$725,000
$700,000
$650,000

CHF 7,659,600
$9,425,001
$1,400,000
$1,450,000
$1,400,000
$1,300,000

(1)

Mr. Jenisch served as Non­Executive Chairman of Holcim AG from May 1, 2024 until May 14, 2025. After Holcim’s 2025 Annual General
Meeting, Mr. Jenisch transitioned to his current role as CEO of Amrize and shifted to his 2025 rate of salary of CHF 1.178 million effective
May 15, 2025; his annual equity grant in 2025 was made at the full­year value. Values for Mr. Jenisch reflect a conversion from CHF to
U.S. dollars using the foreign exchange rate in effect on August 11, 2025 (1 CHF: 1.2303 USD). Mr. Jenisch’s equity award value was converted
from CHF to USD for the purposes of granting equity in shares of Amrize listed on the NYSE.

(2)

Mr. Gosa was hired as President, Building Envelope effective March 2025. His actual base salary paid in fiscal year 2025 was pro­rated for time
served in role, and his annual equity award was granted at the full­year value.

The target long­term incentive award opportunities for the other members of the ExCo range from 100% to 200% of
Base Salary.
Executives whose pay is denominated in CHF (e.g., Mr. Jenisch) are granted annual equity in Amrize shares based on
NYSE: AMRZ, same as for our other executives. These individuals’ CHF­denominated target opportunities were
converted to U.S. dollars for the purpose of making equity grants using the single­day currency exchange rate on the
date of grant. For fiscal year 2025, our annual equity grants were made on August 11, 2025 and CHF­denominated pay
was converted to USD for the purpose of making equity grants using the spot rate on that day (1 CHF: 1.2309 USD).
Our PSU metrics were selected with the intention of aligning our executive decision­making and operating performance
with business priorities most relevant to the Company’s long­term growth, success, and value creation. The
Compensation Committee reviewed and approved the PSU design in August 2025 and was supported in its decision­
making process by a competitive market analysis conducted by Semler Brossy of similar long­term incentive programs
among our peer companies.
Fiscal Year 2025–2027 PSU Metrics
Metric

Weight

Rationale

Adj. EPS

50%

Relative TSR (rTSR) vs.
S&P 500 Industrials
Index

50%

Aligns our executives with a financial metric that is critical to our long­term
success. The Company’s ability to generate long­term, sustainable bottom­
line profits is intrinsically tied to Amrize’s growth and value creation.
Aligns our executives directly with the shareholder experience and provides a
market­focused balance to the EPS metric. Stock price performance,
including reinvestment of dividends, is measured against the S&P 500
Industrials Index, a standard index of U.S. companies that are comparable in
financial size and business scope to Amrize.

62

Annual equity awards will vest based on Company performance evaluated against pre­determined goals approved by
the Compensation Committee; no portion of the award is guaranteed or absent of performance­based conditions.
Performance that falls below the threshold goal for each metric will result in no achievement of any portion of the award
weighted to the respective metric. The PSUs may be achieved in a range of 0% to 200% of the target award opportunity.
Fiscal Years 2025–2027 PSUs (granted August 11, 2025)
Metric

Weight

Adj. EPS

50%

rTSR vs. S&P
500 Industrials
Index

50%

Threshold
(50% of
target)

Target
(100% of
target)

Maximum
(200% of
target)

Performance goals will be disclosed following the conclusion of the performance
period
25th
50th
≥75th percentile
percentile
percentile

Award Treatment
Shares delivered for vested PSUs are not subject to any holding period.
Unvested PSUs remain subject to conditions established by the Company governing their treatment under various
termination scenarios.
In case of termination of employment for cause or voluntary termination, unvested PSUs shall be forfeited in full. In the
case of death, unvested PSUs will immediately vest in a pro­rated amount at target performance based on the portion of
the performance period during which the executive served. In the case of a Change in Control event, unvested PSUs
shall vest based on whether the successor entity assumes the unvested PSUs at the time of the event. If the awards are
not assumed or substituted, unvested PSUs shall vest in the full awarded amount based on actual performance measured
at the time of the Change in Control. If the award is assumed or substituted by the successor entity and the participant
is terminated within 18 months of the Change in Control without Cause or voluntarily resigns for Good Reason, then the
award will vest in full based on actual performance.
In the case of Good Leaver Events (Involuntary Termination without Cause, Disability, Retirement), a pro­rated portion
of the awards based on the portion of the performance period during which the executive served shall remain
outstanding and continue to be delivered and vest on the original grant schedule based on actual performance measured
at the end of the grant’s original performance period.
For further discussion and details on treatment of these awards in varying termination scenarios, see the section titled
‘‘Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control.’’
Jake Gosa New-Hire Replacement Equity Award
Mr. Gosa’s joined as President, Building Envelope effective March 2025. Mr. Gosa’s compensation package was
designed with consideration of the competitive market for executive talent, his prior experience, and criticality of role
to the future success of Amrize. His total pay package was determined in conjunction with a review of market data for
similar roles among our peer companies provided by Semler Brossy.
As an incentive to accept his offer, Mr. Gosa was awarded time­based restricted stock units with a target value of
$2.635 million. This equity award was approved by the Compensation Committee and Board in August 2025 as a
make­whole to account for forfeited compensation from Mr. Gosa’s previous employer in connection with acceptance of his
employment offer. This award was granted on the same date in August 2025 as our fiscal year 2025 annual equity grants. This
equity award has a vesting schedule so that $1.75 million of the target value will vest on the one­year anniversary of the grant
date, and the remaining $885,000 will vest on the two­year anniversary subject to continued employment.
Converted Equity Awards
Select members of our executive team were employed at our former parent company, Holcim, and have since become
NEOs or ExCo members of Amrize. These executives had generally worked in the North American Business Segments
of pre­Distribution Holcim and/or oversaw entire corporate functions inclusive of pre­Distribution Holcim’s
North American business. The NEOs impacted include Messrs. Jenisch, Johnston, and Hill.

63

Equity awards that were outstanding immediately prior to the Distribution for these select executives were assumed by
Amrize to provide continuity and further align executives with Amrize’s go­forward business objectives. These awards
were and continue to be entirely contingent on performance­based conditions reviewed by the Compensation
Committee and Board.
These equity awards were granted in the form of PSUs and PSOs. Upon assumption by Amrize, these equity awards
were converted from shares of Holcim to shares of Amrize based on our listing on either the NYSE or SIX in a method
consistent with that described in our Employee Matters Agreement filed as Exhibit No. 10.3 with our Form 8­K on
June 23, 2025. These equity awards were converted to shares of Amrize based on our listing on either the NYSE or
SIX and granted to the applicable executives on the Distribution Date.
The conversion mechanics (see sections ‘‘Step 1: Converted PSO Share Unit Conversion’’ and ‘‘Step 2: Converted PSO
Strike Price Adjustment’’ for further details) associated with granting these awards in shares of Amrize resulted in an
incremental expense to the value of Mr. Jenisch’s Converted PSOs of $102,171. This amount does not reflect additional
compensation awarded by the Compensation Committee to Mr. Jenisch and is solely a result of administrative actions
taken in connection with our Distribution.
These awards did not lose their performance­based conditions upon conversion to Amrize shares. The entirety of any
realized value from the Converted Equity Awards continues to be contingent on performance conditions and no portion
of these awards are guaranteed to our executives. The Converted Equity Awards are subject to a combination of
financial and market conditions with a goal­setting philosophy that is similar to our annual equity awards.
Converted PSUs
PSUs granted by our former parent company were converted to PSUs tied to Amrize shares based on NYSE: AMRZ.
The number of PSUs to grant1 was determined by multiplying the number of Converted PSUs held immediately prior
to the Distribution by the ratio of SIX: HOLN’s closing price on the last trading day (June 20, 2025) preceding the
Distribution Date (June 23, 2025) to SIX: AMRZ’s opening price on the Distribution Date, equal to 2.0365 (the
‘‘Conversion Ratio’’)2.
Converted PSU Share Unit Conversion
CHF 93.68
SIX: HOLN Closing
Price on June 20,
2025
# of Share Units of Converted
PSUs immediately prior to
Distribution

x

__________________

=

# of Amrize Share Units tied
to Converted PSU Awards

CHF 46.00
SIX: AMRZ Opening
Price on June 23,
2025

This conversion method was designed to keep consistent the fair value of the equity awards between the two discrete
points immediately prior to and immediately after the Distribution.
These awards continue to be tied to performance­based conditions. Awards were set with threshold goals for which
performance falling beneath the threshold resulted in no payout for the weighted portion applicable to that metric. Final
payouts for the Converted PSUs may fall within a range of 0% to 200% of the target award opportunity.
At the time of the Distribution, both cycles of the Converted PSUs had in­progress performance periods. The treatment
of these awards differed based on the fraction of the performance period that had elapsed as of the Distribution Date.
(1) The number of PSUs was rounded up to the nearest whole number of PSUs where necessary.
(2) The Conversion Ratio was rounded to four decimal places.

64

Fiscal Year 2023–2025 Converted PSUs
At the time of the Distribution, over 50% of the performance period for the Fiscal Years 2023–2025 awards had elapsed
and the final year of the performance period was underway. Since a majority of the performance had been conducted
under the combined entity prior to the Distribution Date, the Compensation Committee and Board approved for an
amount equal to the fraction of the performance period elapsed at the time of Distribution to be weighted to performance
of the combined, pre­Distribution entity.
Accordingly, five­sixths of the vesting for this set of equity awards was determined based on the performance of the
combined entity through the Distribution Date. Performance was evaluated against goals set by the Nomination,
Compensation & Governance Committee of Holcim. The remaining one­sixth of the performance evaluation was
conducted against performance goals set by the Compensation Committee for the period between the Distribution Date
and end of fiscal year 2025.
Metrics used to evaluate performance for these awards were designed to keep consistent with that of the legacy design
except for the non­financial and non­market performance metrics. These performance conditions were omitted from the
evaluation of performance for the period post­Distribution to align with Amrize’s go­forward strategy and status as a
newly public independent entity in the North American business and talent market.
Performance of the pre­Distribution, combined entity made up five­sixths of the awards evaluated against the following
goals and metrics set by Holcim’s Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee. Performance for this period
was evaluated for the period beginning fiscal year 2023 and ending on the Distribution Date.
5/6ths of Performance Factor for Fiscal Years 2023–2025 Converted PSUs
Metric

Weight

Target

Actual

EPS before impairment and divestments. . . . . . . . .
1/3rd of total
$5.60
$5.71
ROIC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1/3rd of total
9%
10.40%
Sustainability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1/3rd of total
See below See below
CO2 Emitted (kg/t cem) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 50% of Sustainability
532
528
Quantity of waste derived resource (M tons). . . . . . 25% of Sustainability
18.4
17.2
Freshwater Withdrawn (liters/t cem) . . . . . . . . . . . . 25% of Sustainability
298
275
Weighted Total Vesting (% of target) . . . . . . . . . . . .

Actual Payout
(% of Target)

179%
200%
See below
150%
60%
200%
173%

The remaining one­sixth of the final performance factor was evaluated based on Amrize’s performance in the period
following the Distribution through end of fiscal year 2025. Performance was evaluated against goals approved by the
Compensation Committee and Board and are reflective of Amrize’s performance and objectives as an independent
public entity.
1/6th of Performance Factor for Fiscal Year 2023–2025 Converted PSUs
Metric

Weight

Adj. EPS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ROIC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Weighted Total Vesting (% of target) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Target

Actual

50% $2.20 $2.40
50%
9% 9.60%

Actual Payout
(% of Target)

200%
160%
180%

The adjusted EPS growth goals were approved by the Compensation Committee and Board using Amrize’s pro­forma
adjusted EPS for fiscal year 2022 as the baseline and maintaining the original growth goals (e.g., 5% CAGR for target
performance). ROIC goals were also approved by the Compensation Committee and Board.
The final performance factor was determined using the weightings indicated for the pre­ and post­Distribution
performance periods of the total performance period:

# of FY23–25
Converted
PSUs at Target

x

(

Pre- Distribution
Consolidated
Entity
Performance

x 5/6 +

65

Post-Distribution
Amrize
Performance

x 1/6

)

=

Actual FY23– 25
Converted
PSUs Payout

Performance for both periods resulted in a final performance factor of 174% of target for the fiscal years 2023–2025
Converted PSUs.
Fiscal Years 2023–2025 Parent PSUs Grant Detail
Name

Amrize Shares at Target

Actual Payout
(as % of Target)

Actual Amrize Shares Earned

79,567
2,444
3,666

174%
174%
174%

138,447
4,253
6,379

Jan Jenisch . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ian Johnston . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jaime Hill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fiscal Years 2024–2026 Converted PSUs

At the time of the Distribution, a majority of the performance period for the fiscal years 2024–2026 Converted PSUs had
not elapsed. Since a substantial portion of the performance period had not yet elapsed, the Compensation Committee
approved 100% of the final performance factor to be based on Amrize’s post­Distribution performance as an
independent public entity. The performance period for these equity awards began on the Distribution Date and will end
on December 31, 2026.
The Compensation Committee chose this goal­setting approach to align equity awarded to our NEOs with performance
metrics relevant to the Company’s business strategy. Performance metrics were aligned with those of our Fiscal Years
2025–2027 PSUs.
100% of Final Performance Factor for Fiscal Years 2024–2026 Converted PSUs
Threshold
(50% of target)

Target
(100% of target)

Maximum
(200% of target)

Metric

Weight

Adj. EPS

50%

Performance goals will be disclosed following the conclusion of the
performance period

Relative TSR vs. S&P 500
Industrials Index

50%

25th percentile

50th percentile

≥75th percentile

The adjusted EPS metric referred to Amrize’s pro­forma fiscal year 2023 adjusted EPS value while a division of Holcim as
the baseline value against which to measure annualized growth ending in the measurement year (i.e., fiscal year 2026).
Relative TSR will be measured against the S&P 500 Industrials Index for the period beginning on the Distribution Date and
ending on December 31, 2026. The Compensation Committee believes this design orients executives to long­term
performance and delivering sustainable results that are aligned with value creation and business growth.
Fiscal Years 2024–2026 Parent PSUs Grant Detail
Name

Amrize Shares at Target

Jan Jenisch . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ian Johnston . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jaime Hill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

21,451
2,444
3,666

Converted PSOs
PSOs granted by our former parent company were converted to PSOs tied to Amrize shares based on SIX: AMRZ. This
conversion required a 2­step process to determine the number of underlying Amrize shares as well as the strike price of
the PSOs. The number of PSOs to grant using Amrize shares and corresponding strike price of these options were
calculated with the principle of maintaining the intrinsic value of these equity awards immediately prior to and
immediately after the Distribution.
Step 1: The number of Amrize PSOs granted was calculated using the same methodology used for the Converted PSUs.

66

Step 1: Converted PSO Share Unit Conversion:
CHF 93.68
SIX: HOLN Closing
Price on June 20,
2025
# of Share Units of Converted
PSOs immediately prior to
Distribution

x

__________________

=

# of Amrize Share Units tied
to Converted PSO Awards

CHF 46.00
SIX: AMRZ Opening
Price on June 23,
2025

Step 2: The new strike price was calculated by dividing the pre­Distribution strike price of the Converted PSOs by the
Conversion Ratio.
Step 2: Converted PSO Strike Price Adjustment:
CHF 93.68
SIX: HOLN Closing
Price on June 20,
2025
Pre-Distribution Converted
PSO Strike Price (CHF)

x

__________________

=

Post-Distribution Adjusted
Strike Price of Amrize PSOs
(CHF)

CHF 46.00
SIX: AMRZ Opening
Price on June 23,
2025

These PSOs continued to carry their performance­based vesting restrictions following the Distribution. PSOs were
granted at maximum performance, and final vesting of the Converted PSOs may range from between 0% to 100% of the
amount granted based on the following performance schedule:

Metric

Weight

Threshold
(25% of PSOs
granted)

Target
(50% of PSOs
granted)

Maximum
(100% of PSOs
granted)

5­Year rTSR vs. PSO rTSR Group . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 100% 50th percentile 60th percentile ≥75th percentile
Vesting of Converted PSOs were and continue to be tied to relative TSR measured over a five­year performance period
against a custom set of international building materials companies (the ‘‘PSO rTSR Group’’). This is consistent with the
legacy design established by the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee of Holcim. Relative TSR is the
sole performance metric used for the Converted PSOs.
PSO rTSR Group
Acciona
ACS
Bouygues
Buzzi Unicem
Carlisle

Cemex
CRH
Heidelberg Materials
James Hardie
RPM

67

Saint­Gobain
Sika
Vicat
Vinci

At the time of the Distribution, there were four performance cycles of the Converted PSOs outstanding. These were the
2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024 Converted PSOs with performance periods ending between fiscal year end 2025 through
fiscal year end 2028.
Final performance for each of these awards will measure relative TSR against the PSO rTSR Group for the full
five­year performance period. In each case, the start price used for measurement will be the 90­day trailing average of
the pre­Distribution combined entity share price (based on SIX: HOLN) and the end price will be the 90­day trailing
average of the post­Distribution Amrize share price (based on SIX: AMRZ) including the value of the post­Distribution
value of Holcim as a distinct entity that will be treated as a reinvested dividend (the ‘‘Reinvested Dividend’’) for
purposes of the PSO rTSR calculation. The starting value of the Reinvested Dividend was determined to be equal to the
closing price of SIX: HOLN on the Distribution Date (CHF 54.26).
This methodology maintains continuity with the performance period and measurement approach for the Converted
PSOs. The Converted PSOs are subject to this market­based condition, and no portion of these awards are guaranteed
to the applicable executives. The Compensation Committee believes these awards are consistent with the Company’s
executive compensation philosophy and directly align executives with the shareholder experience by tying any
achievement to stock price appreciation relative to companies against whom we compete within the North American
business markets. The Compensation Committee and Board reviewed and approved this design in August 2025.
2021 Converted PSOs
The 2021 Converted PSOs completed their performance period at the end of fiscal year 2025. Relative TSR measured
against the PSO rTSR Group resulted in a final performance factor of 100% of options granted.
2021 – 2025 Converted PSOs Performance Achievement Detail

Metric

Weight

Threshold
(25% of PSOs
granted)

Target
(50% of PSOs
granted)

Maximum
(100% of PSOs
granted)

Actual
Payout (%
of PSOs
granted)

Actual
Result

5­Year rTSR vs. PSO rTSR Group. . 100% 50th percentile 60th percentile ≥75th percentile 79th percentile

100%

2021 Converted PSO Grant Detail
Actual Payout
PSOs Granted (as % of PSO granted) Actual PSOs Earned

Name

Jan Jenisch . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

620,715

100%

620,715

These results were certified by the Compensation Committee and Board, and the 2021 Converted PSOs vested in full
in March 2026.
2022, 2023, and 2024 Converted PSOs
The 2022, 2023, and 2024 Converted PSOs continue to remain outstanding through the end of their respective
performance periods. These equity awards were converted using the same methodology used for 2021 Converted PSOs
and were also granted on the Distribution Date along with the other Converted Equity Awards. Further details on
amounts granted can be found in our Grant of Plan­Based Awards table.
Additional Information
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
We offer a discounted stock purchase plan to employees in the United States and Canada. This plan allows employees
to purchase Company shares at a per share price equal to 85% of the lesser of (a) the per share closing price of Company
shares on the last stock trading day of the offering period, and (b) the per share closing price of Company shares on the
first stock trading day of the offering period. ExCo members in the United States and Canada (of which there are none)
can participate in this plan under the same terms and conditions as all other employees. The plan provides limits on the
percentage of salary an employee, including ExCo members, may contribute to the plan and on the total value of Amrize
shares that an employee, including ExCo members, may purchase under the plan in any one calendar year. Non­
Employee members of the Board of Directors are not eligible to participate in the plan.

68

Stock Ownership Guidelines
We adopted stock ownership guidelines for our NEOs, other ExCo members, and Non­Employee Directors in fiscal
year 2025. We believe that robust stock ownership is important and appropriate to link our executives and Non­
Employee Director experience to that of our shareholders. The Compensation Committee adopted these policies to
require our executives and Non­Employee Directors to own a value of Company shares equal to a value denominated
as a multiple of their annual base salary or cash retainer, as applicable. The required ownership levels are as follows:
•

10x base salary for CEO

•

3x base salary for NEOs and other ExCo members

•

5x cash retainer for Non­Employee Directors

Both our executives and Non­Employee Directors are required to achieve their respective guideline of stock ownership
within five years of becoming subject to these guidelines. Until these guidelines are met, executives and Non­Employee
Directors must hold at least 50% of shares earned from incentive awards net of taxes. Our executives and Non­
Employee Directors have either currently satisfied their required stock ownership level or have remaining time to
achieve the required levels of ownership.
Employment Contracts
The NEOs and ExCo members are employed under employment contracts of unlimited duration and are subject to a
notice period of 12 months. They are not entitled to termination payments or any change of control provisions, other
than the accelerated vesting of equity mentioned in the section on the long­term incentive. Their contract may foresee
non­competition provisions where commercially justified, which are limited in time to a maximum of 12 months and
may not provide for compensation exceeding the average compensation of the last three financial years (as per Swiss
corporate law).
Jan Jenisch
Under Mr. Jenisch’s employment agreement dated May 15, 2025, Mr. Jenisch will be entitled to (i) an annual base salary
of CHF 1,178,400, (ii) eligibility to participate in the annual bonus plan of Amrize with an initial annual target of 150%
of Mr. Jenisch’s base salary and a maximum annual bonus opportunity of 300% of Mr. Jenisch’s base salary,
(iii) eligibility to participate in the long­term incentive plan of Amrize, with any grants under the plan in 2025 having
a minimum target value of 650% of Mr. Jenisch’s base salary and a three­year vesting period, (iv) a car allowance in the
annual amount of CHF 26,000, paid out in monthly installments and (v) Company coverage of the costs of tax advisory
services through our preferred provider, as approved by our Compensation Committee.
Ian Johnston
Under Mr. Johnston’s amended employment agreement dated May 1, 2025, Mr. Johnston is entitled to an annual base
salary of $700,000 and is eligible to participate in the Company’s cash incentive and long­term incentive plans. The
annual bonus target is 90% of Mr. Johnston’s annual base salary, and Mr. Johnston shall be entitled to receive grants that
have a minimum target value of at least 200% of Mr. Johnston’s annual base salary. Mr. Johnston’s employment
agreement additionally provides that Mr. Johnston will be entitled to participate in the Company’s deferred
compensation plan, 401(k) plan, health (medical, dental and vision), disability, and life insurance plans, as well as other
health and welfare benefits in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof. Mr. Johnston is also entitled to receive
a car allowance in the annual amount of $29,000.
Denise Singleton
Under Ms. Singleton’s amended employment agreement dated May 1, 2025, Ms. Singleton is entitled to an annual base
salary of $725,000 and is eligible to participate in the Company’s cash incentive and long­term incentive plans. The
annual bonus target is 85% of Ms. Singleton’s annual base salary, and Ms. Singleton shall be entitled to receive grants
that have a minimum target value of 200% of Ms. Singleton’s annual base salary. Ms. Singleton’s employment
agreement additionally provides that Ms. Singleton will be entitled to participate in the Company’s deferred
compensation plan, 401(k) plan, health (medical, dental, and vision), disability, and life insurance plans, as well as other
health and welfare benefits in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof. Additionally, Ms. Singleton’s
employment agreement provides for relocation benefits set forth in our relocation policy. Ms. Singleton is also entitled
to receive a car allowance in the annual amount of $29,000.

69

Jaime Hill
Under Mr. Hill’s amended employment agreement dated May 1, 2025, Mr. Hill is entitled to an annual base salary of
$700,000 and is eligible to participate in the Company’s cash incentive and long­term incentive plans. The annual bonus
target is 90% of Mr. Hill’s annual base salary, and Mr. Hill shall be entitled to receive grants that have a minimum target
value of 200% of Mr. Hill’s annual base salary. Mr. Hill’s employment agreement additionally provides that Mr. Hill
will be entitled to participate in the Company’s deferred compensation plan, 401(k) plan, health (medical, dental and
vision), disability, and life insurance plans, as well as other health and welfare benefits in accordance with the terms and
conditions thereof. Additionally, Mr. Hill’s employment agreement provides for relocation benefits set forth in our
relocation policy. Mr. Hill is also entitled to receive a car allowance in the annual amount of $29,000.
Jake Gosa
Under Mr. Gosa’s amended employment agreement dated May 1, 2025, Mr. Gosa is entitled to an annual base salary of
$650,000 and is eligible to participate in the Company’s cash incentive and long­term incentive plans. The annual bonus
target is 90% of Mr. Gosa’s annual base salary, and Mr. Gosa shall be entitled to receive grants that have a minimum
target value of 200% of Mr. Gosa’s annual base salary. Mr. Gosa’s employment agreement additionally provides that
Mr. Gosa will be entitled to participate in the Company’s deferred compensation plan, 401(k) plan, health (medical,
dental and vision), disability, and life insurance plans, as well as other health and welfare benefits in accordance with
the terms and conditions thereof. Mr. Gosa is also entitled to receive a car allowance in the annual amount of $29,000.
Severance Benefits
Per their employment contracts, our executives are subject to a notice period of 12 months. They are not entitled to
termination payments or any change of control provisions, other than the accelerated vesting of equity mentioned in the
section on the long­term incentive. Their contract may foresee non­competition provisions where commercially
justified, which are limited in time to a maximum of 12 months and may not provide for compensation exceeding the
average compensation of the last three financial years (as per Swiss corporate law). See section ‘‘Potential Payments
upon Termination or Change in Control’’ for additional information concerning the benefits made available and the
circumstances under which benefits will be made available.
Compensation Risk Assessment
The Compensation Committee conducted a review of the Company’s compensation programs in fiscal year 2025, with
the assistance of management and Semler Brossy. Based upon the facts and circumstances available at the time of
review in December 2025, the Compensation Committee determined that the Company’s compensation programs are
not reasonably likely to have a material adverse impact on the Company.
The assessment overseen by the Compensation Committee considered our incentive plans and other factors including:
•

Compensation practices and policies are benchmarked against a group of similarly sized and relevant peers
in directly comparable and adjacent industries to Amrize

•

Incentive program designs are meant to discourage excessive risk­taking (e.g., maximum payout caps,
clawback provisions for erroneously awarded incentives)

•

Pay levels are set and approved by the Compensation Committee following a review of market data

•

The Compensation Committee certifies all final performance results and payouts of annual cash and equity
incentive programs

•

Stock ownership guidelines require our executives to be exposed to the same risk and reward profile as our
shareholders through meaningful ownership levels of Company shares

The Compensation Committee intends to review the risk profile of our compensation programs and policies on a regular
basis.
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans
Mr. Johnston participates in the Lafarge Canada Inc. U.S. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the ‘‘Lafarge
Canada SERP’’) in Canada. Ms. Singleton and Messrs. Johnston, Gosa and Hill participate in the U.S. Executive
Deferred Compensation Plan (the ‘‘US EDCP’’). Under the US EDCP, a participant may defer up to 50% of base salary

70

and 100% of bonus compensation until termination of employment. Payments may be taken in a lump sum or
installments over a period of ten years. Under the Lafarge Canada SERP, no employee deferrals are permitted. Payments
may be taken in a lump sum or installments over a period of ten years.
Amounts contributed under the US EDCP and the Lafarge Canada SERP are credited with market earnings based on the
same fund choices available to all employees under the Company’s tax­qualified plans. These fund choices include a
broad­based selection of equity and fixed income funds that are selected by participants.
Participants may change these fund choices on a daily basis.
Tax rules limit the size of contributions that can be made to individuals pursuant to tax­qualified defined contribution
plans. These limits are based on the annual compensation of plan participants. Because of these limits, certain
participants (including NEOs) are unable to receive their full contribution pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
underlying tax­qualified plan. To account for these limitations, the Company utilizes nonqualified defined contribution
plans such as the U.S. EDCP and the Lafarge Canada SERP. Under these plans, the Company makes an additional
‘‘annual contribution’’ to those executives whose calculated contribution to their tax­qualified plan accounts was
limited by tax laws.
Pension Benefits
Mr. Jenisch, together with other Amrize employees in Switzerland, participates in the Holcim Pension Fund and the
Holcim Supplementary Pension Fund, which also provide benefits to employees of Holcim. The Company’s pension
arrangements in Switzerland are structured as cash balance benefit plans and are accounted for as defined benefit
pension plans. Employer and employee retirement savings contributions are determined in accordance with the
applicable pension fund regulations and are based on age­related percentage scales applied to pensionable salary. The
normal retirement age under both plans is 65, and actuarially reduced early retirement benefits may commence as early
as age 58.
Mr. Johnston ceased participation in the Amrize Canada Inc. retirement program on the date he became an employee of
Amrize US. As of that date, he had accumulated an entitlement under the Amrize Canada Inc. US Supplemental
Retirement Plan for Executive Employees (the ‘‘DB SERP’’), which is a lifetime pension payable at age 60. He also
accumulated an entitlement under the Supplemental Defined Contribution Retirement Plan for Designated Employees
of Amrize Canada Inc. (the ‘‘Notional SERP’’), which is payable in a lump sum upon the termination of his employment
with Amrize US.
Clawback Policy
The Company has adopted a Clawback Policy to allow the Company to recover incentive­based compensation paid to
executive officers in the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material
noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws.
Anti-Pledging and Anti-Hedging
Under our Insider Trading Policy, our directors, officers and employees are prohibited from holding our stock in a
margin account or otherwise pledging our common stock as collateral for a loan. Our Insider Trading Policy also
prohibits directors, officers and employees from entering into hedging transactions, such as swaps, collars, forward sale
contracts, exchange funds, and similar arrangements or instruments designed to hedge or offset decreases in the market
value of Amrize securities.

71

REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
The Amrize Compensation Committee, which is composed solely of independent members of the Amrize Board of
Directors, assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities with regard to compensation matters. The Compensation
Committee has reviewed and discussed the ‘‘Compensation Discussion and Analysis’’ section of this Compensation
Report with management. Based on our review and discussions with management, the Compensation Committee
recommended to the Board the CD&A be included the proxy statement for the 2026 Annual General Meeting and the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10­K for the year ended December 31, 2025.
The report has been approved by all members of the Compensation Committee.
Compensation Committee
•

Maria Cristina A. Wilbur, Chairperson

•

Nick Gangestad

•

Katja Roth Pellanda

72

COMPENSATION TABLES
2025 Summary Compensation Table
The following table provides information regarding the compensation and benefits earned during the previous fiscal
year, and prior years where applicable, by our NEOs. The amounts reflected in the table may not reconcile to the
amounts set forth in the Compensation Tables Audited Under Swiss Law due to different legal disclosure requirements.
For more information, please reference the ‘‘Compensation Discussion and Analysis.’’

Name and Position

Year

Salary
($)(1)

Bonus
($)

Stock
Awards
($)(2)

Changes in
Pension Value
Non-Equity and Nonqualified
Incentive
Deferred
Option
Plan
Compensation
All other
Total
Awards Compensation
Earnings
Compensation Compensation
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
($)
($)
($)
($)
($)

(7)

Jan Jenisch . . . . . . . . 2025 1,544,936
— 9,839,951 102,171
Chief Executive
2024 1,734,300
— 857,012 348,041
Officer
Ian Johnston . . . . . . . . 2025 700,000
— 1,461,693
—
Chief Financial
2024 468,188 125,000
97,637
—
Officer
Jake Gosa . . . . . . . . . . 2025 509,315
— 3,992,328
—
President, Building
Envelope
Denise Singleton . . . . . 2025 725,000
— 1,513,907
—
Chief Legal Officer
and Corporate
Secretary
Jaime Hill . . . . . . . . . . 2025 700,000
— 1,461,693
—
President, Building
2024 520,354 175,000 146,456
—
Materials

(1)
(2)

(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)

1,862,003
1,437,993

84,468
—

32,801
16,975

13,466,330
4,394,321

836,262
505,445

—
—

80,630
80,024

3,078,585
1,276,294

463,730

—

55,195

5,020,568

818,010

—

308,624

3,365,541

982,737
765,017

—
—

86,384
15,144

3,230,814
1,621,971

Amounts reported in this column represent the NEO’s base salary earned during the year. Mr. Jenisch’s reported salary amount includes cash
fees earned in his capacity as Chair of Holcim from January 1, 2025 to April 30, 2025.
Amounts reported in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of theAmrize PSUs granted to Messrs. Jenisch, Johnston, Gosa, and Hill
and Ms. Singleton, and RSUs granted to Mr. Gosa, calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for stock­based
compensation in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718. Assumptions used in determining values are detailed in ‘‘—2025 Grants of
Plan­Based Awards.’’. The fair value of the PSUs was based on the probable outcome of the performance conditions applicable to such awards as of
the date of the grant. This amount is consistent with the estimate of aggregate compensation cost to be recognized over the service period determined
as of the grant date underASC Topic 718, excluding the effect of estimated forfeitures. The grant date fair values of the PSUs assuming that the highest
level of performance conditions will be achieved are $18,850,038 for Mr. Jenisch, $2,800,113 for Mr. Johnston, $2,600,064 for Mr. Gosa, $2,800,113
for Mr. Hill, and $2,900,137 for Ms. Singleton.
The amount disclosed with respect to Mr. Jenisch represents the incremental compensation expense we incurred in connection with the
Spin­off.
The amounts shown in this column for 2025 represent payments made pursuant to the Annual short­term incentive plan.
The amounts shown in this column represent the change in the actuarial present value for the NEOs during 2025. None of the NEOs had above
market earnings in a non­qualified deferred compensation account in 2025.
Amounts shown include Amrize’s contributions to qualified and nonqualified defined contribution plans, perquisites and personal benefits as
detailed in the table below.

Name
Jan Jenisch . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ian Johnston . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jake Gosa. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Denise Singleton . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jaime Hill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(a)
(b)
(c)

401K Match
($)(a)

Other
Company
Contributions
($)(b)

Car Allowance
($)(c)

Relocation
Allowance
($)(d)

Gross-ups
($)(e)

Total
($)(f)

—
31,500
31,500
36,750
36,750

—
31,061
5,626
32,692
31,565

32,801
18,069
18,069
16,954
18,069

—
—
—
123,565
—

—
—
—
98,663
—

32,801
80,630
55,195
308,624
86,384

Amounts in this column represent employer contributions to our 401(k) plan in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.
Amounts in this column represent employer contributions to Non­qualified Deferred Compensation Plan, Health Savings Account,
ECDP and Employee Assistance Program in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.
Amrize provides monthly allowances for certain car and transportation costs. Amounts in this column represent the value of this
allowance for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.

73

(7)

(d)

Amounts in this column represent the cost to the Company for certain benefits provided to Ms. Singleton pursuant to our US Domestic
Relocation Policy for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.

(e)

Ms. Singleton’s relocation reimbursements were grossed up for tax purposes so that her relocation costs could be fully covered to the
extent of our policy. Amounts in this column represent the value of these gross­ups for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.

Values for Mr. Jenisch reflect a conversion from CHF to U.S. dollars using the foreign exchange rate in effect on December 31, 2025 (1.2616).

2025 Grants of Plan Based Awards Table
The following table sets forth certain information regarding grants of plan­based awards to each of NEOs during fiscal
year 2025. For more information, please refer to the ‘‘Compensation Discussion and Analysis.’’

Grant
Date

Name

Estimated Future Payouts Under
Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards
($)(1)
Threshold
Target
Maximum

701,372 1,402,745 2,805,489
8/11/2025(2)
8/11/2025(3)
6/23/2025
Ian Johnston . . . . . . .
315,000 630,000 1,260,000
(2)
8/11/2025
8/11/2025(3)
Jake Gosa . . . . . . . . .
292,500 585,000 1,170,000
8/11/2025(2)
8/11/2025(3)
8/11/2025(4)
Denise Singleton . . .
308,125 616,250 1,232,500
8/11/2025(2)
8/11/2025(3)
Jaime Hill . . . . . . . . .
315,000 630,000 1,260,000
8/11/2025(2)
8/11/2025(3)

All Other
Stock
Awards:
Number of Grant Date
Estimated Future Payouts Under Shares of FV of Stock
Equity Incentive Plan Awards
Stock or and Option
(#)
Units
Awards
Threshold Target Maximum
(#)
($)(5)(6)

Jan Jenisch . . . . . . . .

49,752
49,752

99,504 199,008
99,504 199,008

4,712,509
5,127,441
102,171

7,391
7,391

14,781
14,781

29,562
29,562

700,028
761,665

6,863
6,863

13,725
13,725

27,450
27,450

650,016
707,249
2,635,063

55,639
7,655
7,655

15,309
15,309

30,618
30,618

725,034
788,873

7,391
7,391

14,781
14,781

29,562
29,562

700,028
761,665

(1)

Amounts shown in this column of the table above represent the potential opportunities under Cash Incentive Awards granted in 2025. A target
Cash Incentive Award is established at the beginning of the relevant fiscal year (or upon hire as appropriate), based on a percentage of the NEO’s
base salary. Target Cash Incentive Award for Mr. Jenisch represents 150% of base salary from May 15, 2025 to December 31, 2025. Target Cash
Incentive Award for Mr. Johnston represents 90% of base salary from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025. Target Cash Incentive Award for
Mr. Hill represents 90% of base salary from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025. Target Cash Incentive Award for Mr. Gosa represents 90%
of his annualized base salary for 2025 (his employment with the Company began March 21, 2025). Target Cash Incentive Award for
Ms. Singleton represents 85% of base salary from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025. Values for Mr. Jenisch reflect a conversion from CHF
to U.S. dollars using the foreign exchange rate in effect on December 31, 2025.

(2)

Amounts shown for these awards represent the potential payout range of certain PSUs granted in 2025. Vesting for these PSUs is based upon
performance against Company’s EPS growth. At the conclusion of the three­year performance period, the actual award, delivered as Amrize
NYSE Shares, can range from 0% to 200% of the original grant with the achievement factors interpolated linearly.

(3)

Amounts shown for these awards represent the potential payout range of certain PSUs granted in 2025. Vesting for these PSUs is based upon
the Company’s TSR performance compared to the TSR of the companies in the S&P 500 Industrials Index. At the conclusion of the three­year
performance period, the actual award, delivered as Amrize NYSE Shares, can range from 0% to 200% of the original grant with the
achievement factors interpolated linearly.

(4)

Amounts shown for these awards represent the number of RSUs granted on August 11, 2025 as a sign­on equity award to Mr. Gosa. Vesting for
these RSUs is as follows: 36,952 on March 21, 2026 and 18,687 on March 21, 2027 provided that Mr. Gosa remains in continuous employment
with the Company.

(5)

Amounts shown for Mr. Jenisch represent the incremental increase in fair value related to the conversion of his outstanding PSOs in connection
with the Company’s separation from Holcim.

(6)

For Amrize Equity Awards, the grant date fair value is consistent with the estimate of aggregate compensation cost to be recognized over the
service period determined as of the grant date under ASC Topic 718, excluding the effect of estimated forfeitures. For the PSUs, the grant date
fair value is based upon the probable outcome of the performance conditions.

74

2025 Outstanding Equity Awards Table
The following table provides information regarding outstanding equity awards for each of our NEOs, and includes
unexercised performance­based stock options, unvested PSUs, and unvested RSUs. The market value for stock awards
(RSUs and PSUs at target) is determined by multiplying the number of shares subject to such awards by the closing price
of Amrize shares on the NYSE on the last trading day of the fiscal year.
Option
Awards(1)

Grant
Date

Name

Equity
Incentive
Plan
Awards:
Number
Number of
Number of
of shares
securities
securities
or units
underlying underlying
of stock
unexercised unexercised Option
that have
options
unearned Exercise
Option
not
(#)
options
Price Expiration vested
unexercisable
(#)
($)
Date
(#)

Jan Jenisch . . . . . . 8/11/2025(5)
8/11/2025(6)
3/1/2023(7)
3/1/2024(5)
3/1/2024(6)
3/1/2021(2) 620,715
3/1/2022(3)
—
3/1/2023(3)
—
3/1/2024(3)
—
Ian Johnston . . . . . 8/11/2025(5)
8/11/2025(6)
3/1/2023(7)
3/1/2024(5)
3/1/2024(6)
Jake Gosa . . . . . . . 8/11/2025(5)
8/11/2025(6)
8/11/2025(8)
Denise Singleton . . 8/11/2025(5)
8/11/2025(6)
Jaime Hill . . . . . . . 8/11/2025(5)
8/11/2025(6)
3/1/2023(7)
3/1/2024(5)
3/1/2024(6)

(1)

Stock
Awards(4)

Market
value of
share or
units of
stock
that have
not
vested
($)

Equity
Equity
incentive
incentive plan awards:
plan
market or
awards:
payout
Number of
value of
unearned
unearned
shares,
shares,
units or
units or
other rights other rights
that have
that have
not vested
not vested
(#)
($)

99,504
99,504

5,381,176
5,381,176

10,725
10,726

580,008
580,062

14,781
14,781

799,356
799,356

1,222
1,222
13,725
13,725

66,086
66,086
742,248
742,248

15,309
15,309
14,781
14,781

827,911
827,911
799,356
799,356

1,833
1,833

99,129
99,129

159,134 8,605,967

—
777,663
509,503
159,272

30.67
27.71
34.58
42.76

3/1/2031
3/1/2032
3/1/2033
3/1/2034

4,888

264,343

55,639 3,008,957

7,332

396,515

The following table provides an overview of the performance measurement period for Amrize’s PSOs with outstanding vesting dates as of
December 31, 2025:
Expiration Date

Performance period end date

Vest Date

March 1, 2031
March 1, 2032
March 1, 2033
March 1, 2034

December 31, 2025
December 31, 2026
December 31, 2027
December 31, 2028

March 1, 2026
March 1, 2027
March 1, 2028
March 1, 2029

(2)

The performance period for the March 1, 2021 PSOs ended on December 31, 2025. Performance achievement for this PSO was 100%, but the
number of shares achieved remains unexercisable until the vest date of March 1, 2026.

(3)

Based on achievement of maximum level of performance (100%).

75

(4)

(5)
(6)
(7)

(8)

The following table provides an overview of the performance measurement period for Amrize’s PSUs with outstanding vesting dates as of
December 31, 2025:
Grant Date

Performance Period End Date

Vest Date

March 1, 2023
March 1, 2024
August 11, 2025

December 31, 2025
December 31, 2026
December 31, 2027

March 1, 2026
March 1, 2027
March 1, 2028

Represents the number of shares related to the 2024 and 2025 PSU awards subject to an EPS performance metric based on target level of
performance. The EPS targets are weighted 50% of the total award.
Represents the number of shares related to the 2024 and 2025 PSU awards subject to a Relative Total Shareholder Return (rTSR) market
condition based on target level of performance. The rTSR targets are weighted 50% of the total award.
The performance period for the PSUs granted on March 1, 2023 ended on December 31, 2025. For purposes of this table, performance
achievement based on EPS and ROIC metrics was assumed to be 200% as of December 31, 2025. Actual performance achievement was 174%.
The market value is computed using the closing price of $54.08 as of December 31, 2025.
On August 11, 2025, Mr. Gosa received sign­on RSU grant. Vesting for these RSUs is as follows: 36,952 on March 21, 2026 and 18,687 on
March 21, 2027 provided that Mr. Gosa remains in continuous employment with the Company. The market value is computed using the closing
price of $54.08 as of December 31, 2025.

Option Exercises and Stock Vested During the Fiscal Year 2025
The following table provides the number of shares acquired and the value realized upon exercises of stock options and
the vesting of performance­based stock options and PSUs during the fiscal year 2025 by each of our NEOs.

Name

Option Awards
# of Shares
Acquired on
Value Realized on
Exercise
Exercise
(#)(2)
($)

Stock Awards
# of Shares
Acquired on
Value Realized on
Vesting
Vesting
(#)(2)
($)

Jan Jenisch(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ian Johnston . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jake Gosa . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Denise Singleton. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jaime Hill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1,373,231
—
—
—
—

165,864
4,082
—
—
—

(1)
(2)

44,674,823
—
—
—
—

10,124,159
249,133
—
—
—

Dollar amounts reflect a conversion from CHF to U.S. dollars using the foreign exchange rate in effect on December 31, 2025 (1.1626).
The option awards and stock awards listed above were exercised or vested, respectively, prior to Amrize’s spin­off from Holcim. The number
of shares has been converted to Amrize shares using the conversion ratio of 2.0367.

2025 Pension Benefits Table
Amrize sponsors several nonqualified pension plans in North America that were designed to restore benefits from
tax­qualified retirement plans that were otherwise limited due to government benefit limitations. These nonqualified
pension plans — the Lafarge North America Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the ‘‘Lafarge NA SERP’’)
in the United States and the Lafarge Canada SERP (as defined below) in Canada — are closed to new hires and no
additional benefits are accruing in these plans. The benefit amount in the Lafarge NA SERP was frozen as of June 30,
2015 while the Lafarge Canada SERP froze credited service as of December 31, 2019 and the total benefit amount as
of December 31, 2020. Normal retirement is age 65 for both plans. The Lafarge NA SERP permits benefits to commence
as early as age 63 unreduced and age 55 with 6% per year reductions from age 63. The Lafarge Canada SERP permits
benefits to commence unreduced as early as age 60 if age and service combined is at least 85 or after 30 years of service.
Early retirement benefits are otherwise available in Canada as early as age 55, but benefits are reduced by 4% per year
from the unreduced retirement age. The general underlying benefit formulas for the Lafarge NA SERP and the Lafarge
Canada SERP were both based on final 5­year average of earnings (base salary, overtime pay, commissions, and bonus
compensation) as follows:
United States: (1.33% of Final Average Earnings) x Credited Service
Canada: (1.75% of Final Average Earnings) x Credited Service
The Company’s pension plans in Switzerland are structured as cash balance benefit plans and are accounted for as
defined benefit pension plans. Retirement savings contributions from both employer and employees are determined
under pension fund rules based on age­related sliding scales of percentages of salary ranging from 5.3% to 17.2% of

76

salary for employer and from 5.8% to 13.6% of salary for employees. Under Swiss law, the pension fund annually
guarantees the vested benefit amount to its members. The Company’s Swiss pension plans comply with the regulatory
framework, ensuring a minimum level of benefits. Amrize employees in Switzerland participate in the Holcim Pension
Fund and Holcim Supplementary Pension Fund, which also cover Holcim employees. Normal retirement is age 65 for
both plans, and the plans permit reduced benefits to commence as early as age 58.
The following table provides information regarding participation by our NEOs in Company pension and supplemental
executive retirement plan programs during fiscal year 2025 and at fiscal year­end.

Name

Number of Years Present Value of
of Credited
Accumulated Payments during
Service
Benefits
Last Fiscal Year
(#)
($)(1)
($)

Plan Name

Jan Jenisch . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Holcim Pension Fund
Holcim Supplementary Pension Fund
Ian Johnston . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lafarge Canada SERP
(1)

1
1
22

54,377
521,137
343,437

—
—
—

Value for Mr. Johnston reflects a conversion from CAD to U.S. dollars using the foreign exchange rate in effect on December 31, 2025 (0.7286).
Value for Mr. Jenisch reflects a conversion from CHF to U.S. dollars using the foreign exchange rate in effect on December 31, 2025 (1.2616).

2025 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table
The following table sets forth information regarding the participation by our NEOs in the Amrize Executive Deferred
Compensation Plan during fiscal year 2025 and at fiscal year­end.
Executive
Registrant
Aggregate
Aggregate
Contributions Contributions in Earnings in Withdrawals /
Aggregate
in Last FY
last FY
Last FY
Distributions Balance at Last FYE
($)
($)(1)
($)(2)
($)
($)

Name

Jan Jenisch. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ian Johnston . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jake Gosa . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Denise Singleton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jaime Hill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—
—
—
—
—

—
31,044
5,603
32,675
31,548

—
3,997
54
1,993
2,410

—
—
—
—
—

—
35,042
5,657
34,669
33,959

(1)

The amount shown under registrant contributions is included in the Company contributions to savings plans for each NEO shown above in the
All Other Compensation Table.

(2)

The amount shown under aggregate earnings are not included in the Summary Compensation Table as there were no above­market or
preferential earnings.

Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control
Amrize does not have severance plans that provide for any supplemental compensation or benefits upon a termination
of employment. Potential payments associated with notice of termination of employment for salaries, incentive
programs and other benefits are defined by employment agreements, offer letters or incentive award agreements. See
section ‘‘Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Employment Contracts’’ for summaries our NEOs’ employment
agreements.
Key provisions of our treatment of employees upon termination include:
•

Base Salaries: Employees are entitled to a 12­month pre­termination notice period. If notice is provided by
either the employee or the Company, the employee is able to receive continuation of salary payments for the
pre­termination notice period. For employment agreements governed by Illinois law, if the employee is
released from work and placed on garden leave, such payments will cease if the individual accepts
Amrize­approved employment with another company. For employment agreements governed by Swiss law,
income received from a new employer for work performed during the period of garden leave will be deducted
from our payment obligations.

77

•

Annual Bonus: Employees are also eligible to continue to participate in the Company’s cash incentive plans
during the 12­month pre­termination notice period. Participation ceases upon the actual end of the
employment. Employees are eligible for pro rata payments until the termination date upon retirement, death,
disability, change in control, or a termination by us without cause.

•

Long­Term Incentives: In the event an employee terminates for cause, performance, or for a voluntary exit,
all unvested long­term incentives are forfeited. In the case of termination for death, disability, retirement, or
upon certain involuntary termination events within eighteen months following a change in control, or in any
case at the discretion of the Board of Directors, participants receive credit for pro rata vesting prior to the
termination event. In these cases, the performance­based awards are earned based on the actual performance
achieved at the end of the performance period, except for death and involuntary termination within eighteen
months following a change in control, where the performance is evaluated upon termination and payable
assuming that performance conditions are met. Our equity programs allow for continued vesting and earning
during employment, including during the 12­month pre­termination notice period. Employees are eligible for
pro rata payouts of performance­based awards based upon actual achievement as of the end of the respective
performance measurement period. Vesting/earning of long­term incentive awards ceases upon the actual end
of the employment. Vested and exercisable Converted PSOs must be exercised within six months of a
termination event. Unvested Converted PSOs and PSUs continue their performance cycle and earned and
vested Converted PSOs must be exercised within six months of the end of the performance measurement
period when a participant is no longer an employee. In the event of a change in control where awards are not
assumed by the buyer, unvested awards are fully accelerated.

•

Benefits: Core benefits such as medical and insurance are continued during the 12­month pre­termination
notice period, though all such benefits are no longer in effect upon termination of employment. No additional
retirement benefits are due nor any changes to terms of benefits available as a result of these termination or
change in control events, other than the acceleration of the availability of certain retirement benefits for
Mr. Johnston as set forth under ‘‘Pension Benefits’’. Specifically, Mr. Johnston’s benefit under the Lafarge
Canada SERP would be distributed upon a change in control. There would be no impact on any other
retirement benefits.

The table below reflects the potential payments to which each of our NEOs would have been entitled upon each
termination scenario listed (assuming such event occurred on December 31, 2025), other than the retirement benefits
(except for Mr. Johnston as noted below), which are set forth under ‘‘Pension Benefits,’’ and deferred compensation
arrangements, which are set forth under ‘‘Nonqualified Deferred Compensation.’’

Type of
Payment

Name

Jan Jenisch

Involuntary
Termination
Voluntary
(without
Termination
Cause)

(4)

(1)

Death

Disability

Qualifying
Termination in
Connection with a
Retirement Change in Control

. . . . . Garden Leave Pay 3,716,674 3,716,674
—
— 3,716,674
Bonus(2)
1,402,745 1,402,745 1,402,745 1,402,745 1,402,745
Equity Vesting(3)
— 48,437,516 48,437,516 48,437,516 48,437,516
Continued Benefits
—
—
—
—
—
Total
4,333,708 52,771,225 49,870,858 49,870,858 52,771,225
Ian Johnston . . . . . Garden Leave Pay(1) 1,330,000 1,330,000
—
— 1,330,000
Bonus(2)
630,000
630,000
630,000
630,000
630,000
Equity Vesting(3)
—
611,822
611,822
611,822
611,822
Continued Benefits
—
—
—
—
—
Total
1,960,000 2,571,822 1,241,822 1,241,822 2,571,822
Jake Gosa . . . . . . . Garden Leave Pay(1) 1,235,000 1,235,000
—
— 1,235,000
Bonus(2)
585,000
585,000
585,000
585,000
585,000
Equity Vesting(3)
— 1,770,401 1,770,401 1,770,401 1,770,401
Continued Benefits
—
—
—
—
—
Total
1,820,000 3,590,401 2,355,401 2,355,401 3,590,401

78

3,716,674
1,402,745
57,436,964
—
61,770,672
1,330,000
630,000
1,948,661
—
3,908,661
1,235,000
585,000
4,493,453
—
6,313,453

Name

Involuntary
Termination
Voluntary
(without
Termination
Cause)

Type of
Payment
(1)

Denise Singleton . . Garden Leave Pay 1,341,250
Bonus(2)
616,250
Equity Vesting(3)
0
Continued Benefits
—
Total
1,957,500
Jaime Hill . . . . . . . Garden Leave Pay(1) 1,330,000
Bonus(2)
630,000
Equity Vesting(3)
—
Continued Benefits
—
Total
1,960,000

Death

Disability

1,341,250
—
—
616,250
616,250
616,250
271,228
271,228
271,228
—
—
—
2,228,728
887,478
887,478
1,330,000
0
—
630,000
630,000
630,000
786,796
786,796
786,796
—
—
—
2,746,796 1,416,796 1,416,796

Qualifying
Termination in
Connection with a
Retirement Change in Control

1,341,250
616,250
271,228
—
2,228,728
1,330,000
630,000
786,796
—
2,746,796

1,341,250
616,250
1,655,821
—
3,613,321
1,330,000
630,000
2,123,635
—
4,083,635

(1)

Represents the continuation of the payment of annual base salary and bonus for the 12­month pre­termination notice period.

(2)

Bonus payments are based on achievement of target level of performance and adjusted for the service period elapsed in the applicable year. The
bonus payment for Mr. Jenisch represents 150% of base salary from May 15, 2025 to December 31, 2025.

(3)

Represents the market value of the Amrize Shares underlying the PSOs and PSUs, based on a stock price on December 31, 2025 of $54.08,
minus, in the case of PSOs, the exercise price of the unvested PSOs subject to acceleration. Values reflect pro­ration from the grant date to the
termination date based on the total term through the performance period in the event of termination by us without cause, by the executive for
good reason (including retirement) and due to death or disability. In the event of termination due to change in control 2025 awards will be fully
accelerated. The awards granted prior to the spin­off will be pro­rated consistently with the rest of the termination scenarios. The value of PSOs
assumed to be accelerated was based on maximum performance achievement (100%). PSU values assumed to be vested were calculated at
target performance (100%), except for the March 1, 2023 PSUs, which were projected at 200% of target for purposes of this table as of
December 31, 2025 and for which actual performance was 174%.

(4)

Values for Mr. Jenisch reflect a conversion from CHF to U.S. dollars using the foreign exchange rate in effect on December 31, 2025 (1.2616).

79

Pay Versus Performance Table
The following tables and related disclosures provide information about (i) the ‘‘total compensation’’ of our principal
executive officer (PEO) and our other NEOs (Other NEOs) as presented in the Summary Compensation Table, (ii) the
‘‘compensation actually paid’’ to our PEO and our Other NEOs, as calculated pursuant to the SEC’s pay­versus­
performance rules (CAP Amounts), (iii) certain financial performance measures, and (iv) the relationship of the CAP
Amounts to those financial performance measures. This disclosure has been prepared in accordance with Item 402(v)
of Regulation S­K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act).
The following table provides information regarding the CAP to the principal executive officer (‘‘PEO’’) and, as an
average, the other NEOs (‘‘non­PEO NEOs’’), and select financial performance measures, in each case, during the year
ended December 31, 2025.
Value of Initial Fixed
$100 Investment Based
On:

Year
(A)

2025

Summary
Compensation
Table
(SCT) Total
for PEO
($)(1)
(B)

Compensation
Actually
Paid to
PEO ($)(2)
(C)

Average
Summary
Compensation
Table
Total for
Non-PEO
NEOs
($)(1)
(D)

13,466,330

29,506,826

3,673,877

Average
Compensation
Actually
Paid to
Non-PEO
NEOs
($)(2)
(E)

Total
Shareholder
Return(3)
(F)

Peer Group
Total
Shareholder
Return(3)
(G)

Net Income
(Loss)
($ in
millions)
(H)

Adjusted
EPS
($)(4)
(I)

4,103,898

$104.02

$108.67

$1,185

$2.40

•

The amounts reported in columns (B) and (D) are the total compensation reported in the Summary Compensation
Table for the Chief Executive Officer Jan Jenisch, the PEO, and the other Non­PEO NEOs, Ian Johnston, Jake
Gosa, Denise Singleton, and Jaime Hill.

•

The amounts reported in column (C) and (E) represent the CAP amounts to the NEOs for the corresponding fiscal
year. The dollar amounts do not reflect the actual amount of compensation earned by or paid to the NEOs during
the applicable year but rather are amounts determined in accordance with Item 402 of Regulation S­K under the
Exchange Act.

Year

2025

PEO

PEO

2025
Average of
Non-PEOs

SCT Total Compensation ($) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13,466,330 3,673,877
Add: Pension Service Cost for the Covered Year ($). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
84,468
—
Less: Stock and Option Award Values Reported in SCT for the Covered Year ($) . . . . . . . . (9,942,122) (2,107,405)
Plus: Fair Value for Stock and Option Awards Granted in the Covered Year ($) . . . . . . . . . 12,406,053 2,578,661
Change in Fair Value of Outstanding Unvested Stock and Option Awards from Prior
Years ($) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12,637,295
(31,623)
Plus: Fair Value for Stock and Option Awards Granted and Vested in the Covered Year ($). . . .
—
—
Change in Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards from Prior Years that Vested in the Covered
Year ($) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
752,631
(9,612)
Less: Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards Forfeited during the Covered Year ($) . . . . . . . .
—
—
Add: Incremental Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards from Prior Years that were Modified
during the Covered Year ($). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
102,171
—
Compensation Actually Paid ($) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29,506,826 4,103,898
•

Amounts presented are averages for the entire group of Other NEOs in each respective year.

•

Valuation assumptions and methodology used to calculate fair values did not materially differ from those used to
calculate fair values at the time of grant as reflected in the SCT Amounts. The Black­Scholes values as of the
applicable year­end or vest dates used (a) the closing price as of the revaluation date as the current market price and
(b) an adjusted expected life, given applicable time lapsed since grant date.

80

•

As permitted by SEC rules, the peer group referenced for purposes of ‘‘Peer group total shareholder return’’ is that
of the S&P 500 Industrials Index. For Amrize and the peer group, the TSR for each year reflects what the
cumulative value of $100 would be, including reinvestment of dividends, if such amount were invested on the
Spin­Off date.

•

Adjusted EPS is a non­GAAP financial measure. For additional information about this non­GAAP financial
measure, see ‘‘Definition and Reconciliation of Non­GAAP Measures’’ below.

List of Most Important Financial Performance Measures to Determine 2025 Compensation Actually Paid
As described in more detail in the ‘‘Compensation Discussion and Analysis’’ section, our executive compensation
program reflects a pay­for­performance philosophy and includes performance metrics that are intended to incentivize
our NEOs and align our NEOs’ interests with those of our stockholders. With respect to the 2025 fiscal year, the most
important financial performance measures used to link executive CAP to our performance overall are as follows:
Metrics Used in Determining NEO Pay

Adjusted EBITDA Growth
Adjusted EPS
Cash Conversion
Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Scorecard
Relative TSR
Revenue Growth
Analysis of the Information Presented in the Pay Versus Performance Table
As described in more detail in the section of this Proxy Statement titled ‘‘Compensation Discussion and Analysis,’’ the
Company’s executive compensation program reflects a variable pay­for­performance philosophy. While the Company
utilizes several financial performance measures to align executive compensation with Company performance, all of
those Company measures are not presented in the Pay Versus Performance Table. Moreover, the Company generally
seeks to incentivize creation of long­term stockholder value, and, therefore, does not specifically align the Company’s
performance measures with compensation that is actually paid (as computed in accordance with Item 402(v) of
Regulation S­K) for a particular year. In accordance with Item 402(v) of Regulation S­K, the Company is providing the
following descriptions of the relationships between information presented in the Pay Versus Performance Table.
Compensation Actually Paid vs. TSR
$120.00

$45,000,000
$108.67

$100.00

$104.02

$35,000,000

$105.00
$90.00

29,506,826
$30,000,000
$75.00
$25,000,000
$60.00
$20,000,000
$45.00
$15,000,000
$30.00

$10,000,000
4,103,898

$5,000,000

$15.00
$-

$0
June 23, 2025

December 31, 2025

Date
Compensation Actually Paid to PEO

Average Compensation Actually Paid To Other NEOs

Amrize Total Shareholder Return (TSR)

Peer Group TSR

81

Total Shareholder Return (TSR)

Compensation Actually Paid

$40,000,000

Compensation Actually Paid vs. Net Income
$1,600

$35,000,000
29,506,826

$1,400

$30,000,000
$1,185

$25,000,000

$1,200

$1,000
$20,000,000
$800
$15,000,000
$600
$10,000,000

$400
4,103,898

$5,000,000

$0

Net Income ($ in millions)

Compensation Actually Paid

$1,274

$200

$0
2024

2025

Fiscal Year
Compensation Actually Paid to PEO
Average Compensation Actually Paid To Other NEOs
Net Income

Compensation Actually Paid vs. Adjusted EPS
$35,000,000

$3.00
$2.75

29,506,826

$30,000,000

$2.40

$2.50
$2.25

$25,000,000

$2.00
$1.75

$20,000,000

$1.50
$15,000,000

$1.25
$1.00

$10,000,000
$0.75
4,103,898

$5,000,000

$0.50
$0.25
$0.00

$0
2024

2025

Fiscal Year
Compensation Actually Paid to PEO
Average Compensation Actually Paid To Other NEOs
Adjusted EPS

82

Adjusted EPS

Compensation Actually Paid

$2.44

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION DISCLOSURES
We use a combination of cash and stock­based compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on our
Board. In setting director compensation, our Board considers the significant amount of time that directors expend on
fulfilling their duties to the company, as well as the limited pool of, and competition among public companies for,
well­qualified board members. Additional amounts are paid to committee chairs in recognition of the substantial
responsibilities of the chair. Annually, the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant evaluates
the competitiveness of the company’s non­employee director compensation program relative to peer companies and
recommends any changes to the Compensation Committee, which evaluates such proposed changes and recommends
any changes to the full Board for approval.
Directors are subject to a minimum share ownership requirement. Within five years of becoming a director, each
director is required to own shares of the company’s common stock that have a value of five times the annual director
cash retainer. Unvested RSUs are included in calculating the director’s ownership.
Cash Compensation paid to Board members
Members of the Board who are not employees of the company are paid a retainer of $130,000 per year, plus the
following fees:
•

$35,000 Lead Independent Director retainer fee;

•

$25,000 Audit Committee chair retainer fee;

•

$20,000 Compensation Committee chair retainer fee;

•

$20,000 Nomination & Governance Committee chair retainer fee.

All fees are represented in U.S. dollars.
Restricted Stock Units
Equity­based grants are awarded to our Non­Employee Directors on an annual basis. These grants represent a
significant portion of their compensation package. We believe that equity grants promote a greater alignment of
interests between our directors and our shareholders through increasing their ownership of our common stock. Further,
we believe that equity grants support our ability to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve as directors of the
company by affording them an opportunity to share in our future success. Directors receive an annual equity grant
valued at $170,000.
Director Summary Compensation Table
The 2025 annual equity retainer grant for Directors was prorated based on the effective date of their appointment to the
Board of Directors (June 23, 2025). 100% of the awards will be in RSUs, vesting on April 21, 2026, which coincides as
the same day of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM). FY2026 RSU awards will then follow a 1­year
vest date from the grant date.
Awards will be credited with dividend equivalents, to be settled in cash or additional shares. Dividend Equivalents shall be
subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions as the RSUs and shall be paid on the same date that the RSUs to which
they are attributable are settled as soon as practicable after the applicable date upon which such RSUs vest, but in no event later
than March 15 of the year following the year in which such RSUs vest (as applicable, the ‘‘Settlement Date’’).

83

The table below summarizes the compensation paid by the company to for fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.
•

Cash Fees earned were prorated using the number of days between June 23, 2025 and December 31, 2025.

•

For 2025, the annual RSU award value of $170,000 was prorated using the number of days between June 23,
2025 and the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) on April 21, 2026.

Name

Nick Gangestad . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Theresa Drew(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Dwight Gibson . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Holli Ladhani . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Michael E. McKelvy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jurg Oleas. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Robert Rivkin. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Katja Roth Pellanda . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Maria Cristina A. Wilbur . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)

Fees Earned or Paid
in Cash
($)

Stock Awards
($)

Total
($)

86,795
81,534
68,384
68,384
68,384
78,904
68,384
68,384
78,904

140,091
140,091
140,091
140,091
140,091
140,091
140,091
140,091
140,091

226,886
221,625
208,475
208,475
208,475
218,995
208,475
208,475
218,995

Effective February 11, 2026, Ms. Drew stepped down as a member of the Board of Directors.

SWISS COMPENSATION REPORT TABLES
In accordance with the Swiss Code and our Articles of Association, we are required to prepare a separate Swiss Statutory
Compensation Report each year that contains specific items in a presentation format determined by the Swiss Code.
This report must be included in the materials made available to our shareholders each year.
Our executive management team (as defined under Swiss law, hereafter referred to as the ‘‘Executive Management’’)
for the period starting June 23, 2025 ­ the effective date of the spin­off from Holcim ­ through December 31, 2025,
consisted of Jan Jenisch, Ian Johnston, Jaime Hill, Nollaig Forrest, Denise Singleton, Jake Gosa, Stephen Clark, Samuel
Poletti, Mario Gross and Roald Brouwer.
This section includes the compensation, shareholdings and external mandates tables that are audited by the statutory
auditors according to the Swiss Code of Obligations for the financial year 2025. All amounts are calculated from
June 23, 2025 to the end of the fiscal year on December 31, 2025.
The compensation report for the period ended December 31, 2025, which was originally approved by the Board on
February 18, 2026, has been withdrawn and corrected as an error was identified in the disclosure of the remuneration
for Jan Jenisch in connection with the spin­off (base salary after correction: USD 773,770 / CHF 618,784; base salary
before correction: USD 1,093,056 / CHF 874,117; annual incentive after correction: USD 1,540,563 / CHF 1,232,061;
annual incentive before correction: 1,542,836 / CHF 1,233,806). This corrected version was audited again and has been
approved for disclosure to the annual general meeting.

84

Executive Management (Audited)
The following table sets forth the total amount of compensation paid to or accrued for the members of the Executive
Management for services performed in the fiscal year that ended December 31, 2025. In accordance with Swiss law, the
table includes an individual disclosure of the compensation of the highest paid member of the Executive Management
and an aggregate for the other members of the Executive Management.
On May 15, 2025, the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of Amrize approved a maximum aggregate
compensation for the members of the Executive Management in the amount of USD 39.0 million for the period from the
spin­off until December 31, 2025. The compensation effectively paid or accrued from June 23, 2025 to December 31,
2025 amounts to USD 31.9 million and hence the amount for this period is within the limit approved by Shareholders.
Performance
shares

Executive(1)

Other fixed
Base salary
pay(2)

Jan Jenisch,
Chief
Executive
Officer ­ 23
June until 31
December 2025
(in USD)(9) . . . 773,770
Jan Jenisch,
Chief
Executive
Officer ­ 23
June until 31
December 2025
(in CHF)(9) . . . 618,784
Other Members
(In USD) . . . . . 2,932,810
Other Members
(In CHF) . . . . . 2,345,369
Total (in USD) . . 3,706,580
Total (in CHF) . . 2,964,153

Annual
incentive

Restricted
share units

Performance
options

Social/
Fair value at Fair value at Fair value at
Pension
grant
grant(4)
grant(5)
contributions(6) Total 2025(7)

73,946 1,540,653

9,839,951

—

102,171

120,551

12,451,042

59,135 1,232,061

7,869,011

—

81,706

96,405

9,957,102

778,432 3,156,933

9,730,183 2,635,063

46,150

179,020

19,458,591

622,512 2,524,600 7,781,229 2,107,260
852,378 4,697,586 19,570,134 2,635,063
681,647 3,756,661 15,650,240 2,107,260

36,906
148,321
118,612

143,162
299,571
239,567

15,561,038
31,909,633
25,518,140

(1)

Amrize’s share capital is based on U.S. Dollars. Amounts for each member of the Executive Management are expressed in both U.S. Dollars
and Swiss Francs.

(2)

Any currency conversion was done using the average exchange rate from the Spin­Off date to December 31, 2025 of USD 1 = 0.7997.

(3)

Includes cash allowances and benefits in kind at fair value such as company car allowance, child education allowance and relocation
allowances (housing, schooling, tax services).

(4)

Expected annual incentive payment for the reporting year in accordance with the accrual principle.

(5)

Includes the new­hire award for Jake Gosa awarded in replacement of the forfeited compensation at his previous employer. RSUs will vest as
follows: 36,952 on March 21, 2026 and 18,687 on March 21, 2027 provided that Mr. Gosa remains in continuous employment with the
Company.

(6)

Represents the incremental increase in fair value related to the conversion of the outstanding Holcim PSOs into Amrize PSOs for Jan Jenisch
and another member of the Executive Management in connection with the spin­off.

(7)

Social security and pension contributions: includes employer contributions to social security to the extent that they result in a future pension
entitlement, as well as employer contributions to occupational pension plan. Employer contributions to social security that do not result in an
increase of the pension entitlement are excluded (2025: USD 967,455 or CHF 773,674 of which USD 824,698 or CHF 659,511 for Jan Jenisch).

(8)

Amrize was not subject to the obligation to prepare a compensation report prior to the spin­off and, therefore, no disclosure is necessary for
compensation in 2024.

(9)

In addition to being Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Jenisch is also a member of the Board of Directors. Mr. Jenisch is included in this table;
therefore, he was not included in the Board of Directors table. The Base Salary column includes only his Amrize salary prorated from the date
of the spin­off through December 31, 2025.

85

No other fees were paid to members of the Executive Management than those disclosed above. In the fiscal year under
review, no compensation was paid to former members of the Executive Management. Further, no compensation was
paid to parties closely related to them. No member of the Executive Management was granted a loan or credit facility
and no former member of the Executive Management was granted a loan or credit facility.
Board Of Directors (Audited)
The following table sets forth any and all compensation Amrize paid to or accrued directly or indirectly for the
individual members of the Board from June 23, 2025 to December 31, 2025. On May 15, 2025, the extraordinary
general meeting of shareholders of Amrize approved a maximum aggregate remuneration for the Board of USD
3.3 million for the period from June 23, 2025 until the completion of the 2026 Annual General Meeting. The
compensation effectively paid or granted for this period is expected to be within the limit approved by shareholders and
will be disclosed in the 2026 Compensation Report.
Positions as of
31 December

Name(1)

NC
AC GC CC

Nicholas
Gangestad . . . .
Theresa Drew . . .

M
C

Dwight Gibson. . . M
Holli Ladhani. . . .

M

Michael E.
McKelvy . . . . .

M

Jurg Oleas . . . . . .

C

Robert S. Rivkin. . M

Share-based
compensation

Currency

Annual
Board
Committee
Retainer(2)
Fees(2)

Number

Value(3)

Other

Social
security(4)

Total
2025

USD
CHF
USD
CHF
USD
CHF
USD
CHF

68,384
54,686
68,384
54,686
68,384
54,686
68,384
54,686

18,411
14,723
13,151
10,517
—
—
—
—

2,958
2,958
2,958
2,958
2,958
2,958
2,958
2,958

140,091
112,031
140,091
112,031
140,091
112,031
140,091
112,031

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

226,886
181,440
221,626
177,234
208,475
166,717
208,475
166,717

USD
CHF
USD
CHF
USD
CHF

68,384
54,686
68,384
54,686
68,384
54,686

—
—
10,521
8,413
—
—

2,958
2,958
2,958
2,958
2,958
2,958

140,091
112,031
140,091
112,031
140,091
112,031

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
9,317
7,451
—
—

208,475
166,717
228,313
182,582
208,475
166,717

Katja Roth
Pellanda. . . . . .

M

USD
CHF

68,384
54,686

—
—

2,958
2,958

140,091
112,031

—
—

9,317
7,451

217,792
174,168

Maria Cristina A.
Wilbur. . . . . . .

C

USD
CHF
USD
CHF

68,384
54,686
615,456
492,174

10,521
8,413
52,604
42,068

2,958
2,958
26,622
26,622

140,091
112,031
1,260,819
1,008,279

—
—
—
—

9,317
7,451
27,951
22,353

228,313
182,582
1,956,830
1,564,874

Total . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . .

AC = Audit Committee, NCGC = Nomination & Governance Committee, CC = Compensation Committee
C=

Committee Chair

M = Member
(1)

Amrize’s share capital is based on U.S. Dollars. Amounts for each Board of Directors member are expressed in both U.S. Dollars and Swiss
Francs. Any currency conversion was done using the average exchange rate from the Spin—Off date to December 31, 2025 of USD 1 = 0.7997.

(2)

Fees settled in cash include annual Board and committee chair retainers.

(3)

The value of the RSUs granted on August 11, 2025 to the members of the board were calculated based on the grant date fair value of the awards,
the value of the award was determined in USD and was $47.36 per share.

(4)

Social security contributions: includes employer contributions to social security to the extent that they result in a future pension entitlement.
Employer contributions to social security that do not result in an increase of the pension entitlement are excluded (2025: USD 19,442 or CHF
15,548).

No other fees were paid to members of the Board other than as disclosed above. During the fiscal year under review, no
compensation was paid to former members of the Board or to parties closely related to them, no member of the Board
was granted a loan or credit facility, and no former member of the Board was granted a loan or credit facility.

86

Number Of Shares And Options Held By Executive Management Members As Of 31 December 2025 (Audited)
The following table sets forth the number of shares, vested and unvested performance options as well as share units held
by each of the individual members of the Executive Management as of December 31, 2025.

Name

Position

Total number
Total number
Total number
of unvested
of vested
of unvested
Total number Share units (at performance options performance options
of shares owned
Target)
held (at Maximum) held (at Maximum)

Jan Jenisch. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Chief Executive
Officer
Ian Johnston . . . . . . . . . . . . Chief Financial
Officer
Jaime Hill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . President,
Building Materials
Nollaig Forrest . . . . . . . . . . Chief Marketing &
Corporate Affairs
Officer
Denise Singleton . . . . . . . . . Chief Legal
Officer
Jake Gosa(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . President,
Building Envelope
Stephen Clark . . . . . . . . . . . Chief People
Officer
Samuel Poletti . . . . . . . . . . . Chief Strategy and
M&A Officer
Mario Gross. . . . . . . . . . . . . Chief Supply
Chain Officer
Roald Brouwer . . . . . . . . . . Chief Technology
Officer
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)

2,010,000

300,026

620,715

1,446,438

17,344

34,450

—

—

18,359

36,894

—

—

11,663

35,694

—

94,678

4,000

30,618

—

—

170

83,089

—

—

5,258

23,228

—

—

3,389

20,406

—

—

23,490

19,308

—

—

9,000

15,286

—

—

2,102,673

598,999

620,715

1,541,116

Includes 27,450 performance share units and 55,639 restricted share units.

Number Of Shares And Options Held By The Board Of Directors As Of 31 December 2025 (Audited)
The following table sets forth the number of shares, and unvested restricted share units (RSUs) held by each of the
individual members of the Board as of the end of the fiscal year on December 31, 2025.
Name

Nicholas Gangestad . . . . . . . .
Theresa Drew . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Dwight Gibson . . . . . . . . . . . .
Holli Ladhani . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Michael E. McKelvy . . . . . . .
Jurg Oleas. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Robert S. Rivkin. . . . . . . . . . .
Katja Roth Pellanda . . . . . . . .
Maria Cristina A. Wilbur . . . .
Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Position

Shares held as of 31 December 2025

Total number of unvested RSUs

Member
Committee Chair
Member
Member
Member
Committee Chair
Member
Member
Committee Chair

2,000
—
—
—
—
18,115
—
—
190
20,305

2,958
2,958
2,958
2,958
2,958
2,958
2,958
2,958
2,958
26,622

87

Members Of The Board Of Directors And Executive Management Hold The Following External Mandates As
Of 31 December 2025 According To Art. 734E Of The Swiss Code Of Obligations (Audited)
Board of
Directors

Jan Jenisch
Nicholas
Gangestad
Theresa Drew
Dwight Gibson

Holli Ladhani

Michael E.
McKelvy
Jurg Oleas
Robert S. Rivkin
Katja Roth
Pellanda
Maria Cristina A.
Wilbur
Executive
Management

Ian Johnston
Jaime Hill
Nollaig Forrest
Denise Singleton

Jake Gosa
Stephen Clark
Samuel Poletti
Mario Gross
Roald Brouwer
(1)

Company

Function

Swiss­Japanese Chamber of
Commerce (SJCC)
Nucor Corporation
Genpact Limited
Sonoco Products Company
The Cato Corporation
Interface, Inc.
NAI Group
Plaskolite, Inc.
Americhem, Inc.
Buckman Laboratories
International, Inc.
Aurorium LLC
Pritzker Private Capital
Quanta Services, Inc.
Kayne Anderson Energy
Infrastructure Fund, Inc.
Onward Energy LLC
Amspec Group
McDermott International, Ltd

December 31, 2025

Member of the Board of Directors

Yes

Member of the Board of Directors
Member of the Board of Directors
Member of the Board of Directors
Member of the Board of Directors
Member of the Board of Directors
Member of the Board of Managers
Member of the Board of Managers
Member of the Board of Managers
Member of the Board of Managers

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

Member of the Board of Managers
Operating Partner
Member of the Board of Directors
Member of the Board of Directors

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

Meeting Street
RUAG International Holding AG
United Airlines Holdings, Inc.
Farmers Group, Inc.
Zurich Italy Bank S.p.A.
Zurich Insurance Company
F. Hoffman­La Roche, LTD

Member of the Board of Directors
Member of the Board of Directors
President, CEO and Member of the
Board of Directors
Member of the Board of Directors
Member of the Board of Directors
Chief Legal Officer
Member of the Board of Directors
Member of the Board of Directors
Group General Counsel
Chief People Officer

Company

Function

No External Mandates
No External Mandates
No External Mandates
Phillips 66 Company
Teledyne Technologies
Incorporated
No External Mandates
No External Mandates
No External Mandates
No External Mandates
No External Mandates

Member of the Board of Directors
Member of the Board of Directors

Ms. Singleton resigned effective January 1, 2026

88

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

December 31, 2025

Yes
Yes(1)

Compensation Governance
For a summary of the basic principles and elements of compensation and shareholding programs for serving and former
Board and Executive Management members, together with a description of the authorities and procedure for
determining such, please refer to the Compensation Discussion & Analysis, contained in the proxy statement.
The Annual General Meeting approves the maximum aggregate compensation (including fixed and variable
components, benefits, and equity awards) to be paid to members of the Board for the period until the next Annual
General Meeting and to members of the Executive Management for the forthcoming fiscal year. For further details of
the rules set out in our Articles of Association on the approval of the compensation by the shareholders, the
supplementary amounts for persons who become member of the Executive Management after the Annual General
Meeting and the general principles of our compensation system, reference is made to articles 23 – 25 of our Articles of
Association, which are available at https://investors.amrize.com/governance/governance­documents.

89

Ernst & Young AG
Maagplatz 1
P.O. Box
CH-8010 Zurich

To the General Meeting of
Amrize Ltd, Zug

Phone:
+41 58 286 31 11
www.ey.com/en_ch

Zurich, March 6, 2026

Report of the statutory auditor on the audit of the compensation report
Opinion
We have audited the compensation report of Amrize Ltd (the Company) for the year ended
December 31 , 2025. The audit was limited to the information pursuant to Art. 734a­734f of the Swiss
Code of Obligations (CO) in the sections marked ‘‘audited’’ of the compensation report.
In our opinion, the information pursuant to Art. 734a­734f CO in the accompanying compensation
report complies with Swiss law and the Company’s articles of incorporation.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Swiss law and Swiss Standards on Auditing (SA­CH).
Our responsibilities under those provisions and standards are further described in the ‘‘Auditor’s
responsibilities for the audit of the compensation report’’ section of our report. We are independent of
the Company in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law and the requirements of the Swiss audit
profession, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.
Emphasis of matter
This report of the statutory auditor on the audit of the compensation report replaces our report dated
February 18, 2026. We draw attention to the last paragraph in the section SWISS COMPENSATION
REPORT TABLES of the compensation report which describes that the compensation report has been
re­issued and re­submitted for audit. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Other information
The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the sections marked ‘‘audited’’ in the
compensation report, the consolidated financial statements, the stand­alone financial statements and
our auditor’s reports thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date
of this auditor’s report.
Our opinion on the compensation report does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the compensation report, our responsibility is to read the other
information when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the audited financial information in the compensation report or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact.

90

Ernst & Young AG
Maagplatz 1
P.O. Box
CH-8010 Zurich

Phone:
+41 58 286 31 11
www.ey.com/en_ch

Board of Directors’ responsibilities for the compensation report
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of a compensation report in accordance with
the provisions of Swiss law and the Company’s articles of incorporation, and for such internal control
as the Board of Directors determines is necessary to enable the preparation of a compensation report
that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. It is also responsible for
designing the remuneration system and defining individual remuneration packages.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the compensation report
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the information pursuant to Art.
734a­734f CO is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an
auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is
not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Swiss law and SA­CH will always detect
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this compensation report.
As part of an audit in accordance with Swiss law and SA­CH, we exercise professional judgment and
maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement in the compensation report, whether due to fraud
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
estimates and related disclosures made.
•

We communicate with the Board of Directors or its relevant committee regarding, among other matters,
the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Board of Directors or its relevant committee with a statement that we have complied
with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where
applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
Ernst & Young AG
Rico Fehr
(Qualified Signature)
Licensed audit expert
(Auditor in charge)

Beatrice Bieri
(Qualified Signature)
Licensed audit expert

Enclosure
• Compensation report

91

DEFINITION AND RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP MEASURES
Presented below are reconciliations of Non­GAAP financial measures discussed in the Compensation Discussion and
Analysis section of this proxy statement to the most directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. The Compensation Committee believes the adjusted financial metrics used in our incentive
compensation programs represent the amounts directly related to the ongoing operations of the business and uses these
metrics in evaluating performance. These non­GAAP financial measures should not be considered as alternatives to the
earnings measures defined by U.S. GAAP. We utilize these non­GAAP financial measures, among others, to assess our
operating performance and to provide a consistent comparison of performance from period to period and as a basis for
strategic planning and forecasting given our belief that such non­GAAP financial measures closely correlate to
long­term enterprise value. We believe that measuring performance on the basis of the below noted non­GAAP adjusted
metrics is useful to investors because it enables consistent evaluation of our operational performance period to period.
Incentive compensation adjustments may be calculated based on what was included in our plan and changes relative to
that plan, this ensures that incentive awards are calculated on a comparable basis and that participants are incentivized
appropriately for performance within their control.
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as: Net income (loss), and excludes the impact of Depreciation, depletion, accretion and
amortization, Interest expense, net, Income tax expense, Acquisition and integration costs, Loss on impairments,
Litigation related costs, Restructuring and other costs, and Spin­Off and separation­related costs, Other non­operating
(expense) income, net, Income from equity method investments.
Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Adjusted EBITDA
($ in millions, except percentage data)

2025

2024

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,182
914
413
326

1,273
889
512
368

EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2,835

3,042

Acquisition and integration costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Litigation related costs(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on impairments(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Restructuring and other costs(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Spin­Off and separation­related costs(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other non­operating expense (income), net(6) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from equity method investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

64
46
15
19
43
(4)
(11)

46
9
2
16
24
55
(13)

Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$3,007

3,181

Prior Year Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3,181

Adjusted EBITDA Growth $ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(174)

Adjusted EBITDA Growth % . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(5.50)%

(1)

(1)

Acquisition and integration­related costs are those incurred for business combinations, including advisory, legal, valuation, and other
professional fees. Certain warranty charges related to a pre­acquisition manufacturing issue are also included.

(2)

Litigation­related costs include certain litigation settlements, environmental remediation, and legal­related consulting and professional fees
that are not representative of expenses arising in the ordinary course of business.

(3)

Loss on impairments primarily reflect changes in certain non­core sites or strategic plans affecting our assets.

(4)

Restructuring and other costs include charges associated with non­core sites.

(5)

Spin­off and separation­related costs notably include rebranding costs.

(6)

Other non­operating expense (income), net primarily consists of costs related to pension and other postretirement benefit plans and gains on
proceeds from property and casualty insurance.

Free Cash Flow is defined as: Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities plus proceeds from property and
casualty insurance, proceeds from land expropriation and proceeds from disposals of long­lived assets less purchases of
property, plant and equipment.

92

Adjusted EBITDA Cash Conversion Ratio is defined as: Free Cash Flow divided by Adjusted EBITDA.
Amrize Ltd
Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Free Cash Flow and Adjusted EBITDA Cash Conversion Ratio
($ in millions, except percentage data)

2025

Net cash provided by operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Capital expenditures, net(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Free cash flow . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA cash conversion ratio. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net Income. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net Income cash conversion of net cash provided by operating activities ratio . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)

$2,208
(745)
$1,463
3,007
0.49
1,182
0.54

Capital expenditures, net includes purchases of property, plant and equipment, proceeds from property and casualty insurance income,
proceeds from land expropriation and proceeds from disposals of long­lived assets.

Adjusted Earnings Per Share is defined as: Earnings per diluted common share attributable to Amrize Ltd., excluding
the impacts of Acquisition and integration costs, Loss on impairments, Litigation related costs, Restructuring and other
costs, and Spin­Off and separation­related costs.
Amrize Ltd
Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Adjusted Earnings Per Share Growth

2025

2024

Earnings per diluted common share attributable to Amrize Ltd. (GAAP) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisition and integration costs(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Litigation related costs(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on impairments(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Restructuring and other costs(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Spin­Off and separation­related costs(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 2.14
0.09
0.06
0.02
0.03
0.06

2.3
0.06
0.02
—
0.02
0.04

Adjusted Earnings per Diluted Share (Non-GAAP) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 2.4

2.44

Prior Year Adjusted Earnings per Diluted Share (Non­GAAP) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2.44

Adjusted Earnings per Diluted Share Growth $ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$-0.04

Adjusted Earnings per Diluted Share Growth % . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

-1.60%

(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)

Acquisition and integration­related costs are those incurred for business combinations, including advisory, legal, valuation, and other
professional fees. Certain warranty charges related to a pre­acquisition manufacturing issue are also included.
Litigation­related costs include certain litigation settlements, environmental remediation, and legal­related consulting and professional fees
that are not representative of expenses arising in the ordinary course of business.
Loss on impairments primarily reflect changes in certain non­core sites or strategic plans affecting our assets.
Restructuring and other costs include charges associated with non­core sites.
Spin­off and separation­related costs notably include rebranding costs.

Organic Revenues is defined as: Revenues, excluding the impacts of Acquisitions and Divestments and Foreign exchange.
Amrize Ltd
Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Organic Revenues Growth
($ in millions, except percentage data)

2025

2024

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisition impacts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign exchange impacts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Organic Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$11,815 11,704
130
118
(53)
(43)
11,738 11,629

Prior Year Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

11,704

Organic Revenues Growth $. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

34

Organic Revenues Growth %. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0.30%

Bolt-on Adjustment(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

34

93

Amrize Ltd
Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Organic Revenues Growth
($ in millions, except percentage data)

2025

Organic Revenues plus Bolt-on-Adjustment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$11,772

Prior Year Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

11,704

Organic Revenues plus Bolt-on-Adjustment Growth $ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

Organic Revenues plus Bolt-on-Adjustment Growth % . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(1)

Approved inclusion of a bolt­on acquisition for the variable incentive compensation calculation

94

68
0.60%

2024

Annex A

Annex A

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K
☒

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For fiscal year ended December 31, 2025

□

OR
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from
to
Commission file number: 1­42542

Amrize Ltd
(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
Switzerland
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

98­1807904
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

Grafenauweg 8
6300 Zug Switzerland
(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

6300
(Zip Code)

+ 41 41 562 3490
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:
Title of each class
Trading symbols(s)
Name of exchange on which registered
Ordinary Shares, par value $0.01 per share
AMRZ
New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well­known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes □ No ☒.
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes □ No ☒.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No □.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S­T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No □.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non­accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of ‘‘large accelerated filer,’’ ‘‘accelerated filer,’’ ‘‘smaller reporting
company,’’ and ‘‘emerging growth company’’ in Rule 12b­2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):
Large accelerated filer
□
Accelerated filer
□
Non­accelerated filer
☒
Smaller reporting company
□
Emerging growth company
□
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. □
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes­Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report □.
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements □.
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive­based compensation
received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D­1(b) □.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b­2 of the Exchange Act). Yes □ No ☒.
The aggregate market value of 552,220,173 shares of voting stock held by non­affiliates of the registrant was approximately
$27,362,509,572 based on the last reported sale price of the registrant’s Ordinary Shares as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on
June 30, 2025.
As of December 31, 2025, the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares was 553,082,525, net of Treasury Shares.
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE
Part III hereof incorporates by reference portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement related to its the 2026 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders (the ‘‘Proxy Statement’’).

A­1

Amrize Ltd
ITEM

PAGE

PART I . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 1. Business . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 1A. Risk Factors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 1C. Cybersecurity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 2. Properties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 3. Legal Proceedings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Information About Our Executive Officers. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PART II . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
of Equity Securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 6. Reserved . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . . . .
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 8. Financial Statements & Supplementary Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . . .
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 9B. Other information. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 9C. Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PART III . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers & Corporate Governance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 11. Executive Compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees & Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PART IV . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 15. Exhibits & Financial Statements Schedules . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 16. Form 10­K Summary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Signatures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

A­3
A­5
A­11
A­40
A­40
A­41
A­45
A­45
A­45
A­48
A­48
A­49
A­50
A­68
A­70
A­127
A­127
A­128
A­128
A­129
A­129
A­129
A­129
A­129
A­129
A­130
A­130
A­133
A­134

Certain Terms
Unless the context requires otherwise, the ‘‘Company’’, ‘‘Amrize’’, ‘‘we’’, ‘‘us’’, or ‘‘our’’ refers to Amrize Ltd., Inc.
on a consolidated basis. References to the Company’s ‘‘Ordinary Shares’’, ‘‘Common Shares’’, ‘‘Common Stock’’ or
‘‘Company Shares’’ refer to our Ordinary Shares.

A­2

Amrize Ltd
PART I
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Investors are cautioned that all statements in this Annual Report on Form 10­K (the ‘‘Annual Report’’) that relate to the
future involve risks and uncertainties, and are based on assumptions that we believe in good faith are reasonable but
which may be materially different from actual results. These statements, which are forward­looking statements within
the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the ‘‘Exchange Act’’), and 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ‘‘Securities Act’’), and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the
PSLRA, provide the investor with the Company’s expectations or forecasts of future events. These forward­looking
statements concern our goals, beliefs, expectations, strategies, objectives, plans, future operating results and underlying
assumptions, and other statements that are not necessarily based on historical facts. Without limitation, you can identify
these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts, and these statements may contain
words such as ‘‘may,’’ ‘‘will,’’ ‘‘could,’’ ‘‘should,’’ ‘‘might,’’ ‘‘projects,’’ ‘‘expects,’’ ‘‘believes,’’ ‘‘anticipates,’’
‘‘intends,’’ ‘‘plans,’’ ‘‘continue,’’ ‘‘estimate,’’ or ‘‘pursue,’’ or the negative or other variations thereof or comparable
terms. In particular, they include statements relating to, among other things, future actions, strategies, future
performance, future revenues, income and cash flows, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings and
regulatory compliance. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated (expressed or implied) by such
forward­looking statements because of, among other things, potential risks and uncertainties, such as:
•

the effect of political, economic and market conditions and geopolitical events;

•

the level of demand in the construction industry;

•

the cyclicality of the industries and businesses in which our customers operate;

•

changes in the cost and/or availability of raw materials required to run our business;

•

energy and fuel costs;

•

adverse weather conditions and natural disasters;

•

the logistical and other challenges inherent in our operations;

•

the actions and initiatives of current and potential competitors;

•

the level and volatility of, interest rates and other market indices;

•

the ability of Amrize to maintain satisfactory credit ratings;

•

the outcome of pending litigation or future litigation;

•

the impact of current, pending and future legislation and regulation;

•

factors related to the failure of Amrize to achieve some or all of the expected strategic benefits or
opportunities expected from the separation from Holcim Ltd (‘‘Holcim’’);

•

material costs and expenses as a result of the separation from Holcim;

•

our limited history operating as an independent, publicly traded company;

•

our obligation to indemnify Holcim pursuant to the agreements entered into connection with the separation
and the risk Holcim may not fulfill any obligations to indemnify Amrize under such agreements;

•

that under applicable tax law, Amrize may be liable for certain tax liabilities of Holcim following the
separation if Holcim were to fail to pay such taxes;

•

the fact that Amrize may receive worse commercial terms from third­parties for services it used to receive
from Holcim prior to the separation;

•

the fact that certain of Amrize’s executive officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts of
interest because of their previous positions at Holcim; and

•

potential difficulties in maintaining relationships with key personnel.

A­3

Amrize Ltd
For a discussion identifying other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in
forward­looking statements, see ‘‘Risk Factors’’, along with the discussion of Competition under Item 1,
‘‘Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations’’ under item 7 and Note 17
(Commitments and Contingencies) in Item 8. ‘‘Financial Statements and Supplementary Data’’.
These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward­looking statements contained in this Annual Report. We
operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time.
It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to
which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward­looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and
trends discussed in this Annual Report and our future levels of activity and performance, may not occur and actual
results could differ materially and adversely from those described or implied in the forward­looking statements. As a
result, you should not regard any of these forward­looking statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other
person or place undue reliance on any such forward­looking statements. Any forward­looking statement speaks only as
of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward­looking
statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise, except as required by law.

A­4

Amrize Ltd
Item 1.

Business

Business Overview
Amrize Ltd (the ‘‘Company’’) is a building solutions company focused on the North American market, offering
customers a broad range of advanced building solutions from foundation to rooftop. The Company earns revenue from
the sale of cement, aggregates, ready­mix concrete, asphalt, roofing systems and other building solutions.
Our more than 19,000 employees operate across more than 1,000 sites, facilities, and corporate offices in the
United States, Canada, Colombia, Switzerland, and Jamaica to serve more than 23,000 customers across the
North American infrastructure, commercial and residential construction markets.
Amrize provides cement, aggregates, ready­mix concrete materials, and advanced roofing and wall systems in the
United States and Canada. We operate in infrastructure, commercial, and residential construction markets across
North America. Amrize maintains facilities in strategic locations coupled with a large distribution network which help
us minimize our distribution costs and better provide for our customers.
On June 23, 2025, Holcim Ltd (‘‘Holcim’’) completed the previously announced Spin­Off of the Company through a
distribution of 100% of the Company’s outstanding shares to holders of record of Holcim’s ordinary shares, on a pro rata
basis as a dividend­in­kind, as of the close of business on June 20, 2025 (the ‘‘Spin­Off’’). As a result, Amrize now
operates as a standalone public company and aims to set the foundation for long­term, profitable growth.
Since Amrize completed its Spin­Off, management established a leaner corporate cost structure and lowered its external
borrowings during the second half of 2025. With the capital structure established in 2025 combined with cash flows
from operating activities in 2025, Amrize is well positioned for more investments in growth projects, business
combinations, and shareholder returns via dividends and share repurchases.
Business Segments

The Company is organized into two reportable segments — Building Materials and Building Envelope — that are
aligned with the products and services it provides and based upon the information used by the chief operating decision
maker (‘‘CODM’’) in evaluating the performance of the business and allocating resources and capital. Our services span
new construction as well as repair and refurbishment (‘‘R&R’’).
•

Building Materials: The building materials segment offers a range of branded solutions delivering high­
quality products for a wide range of applications. These include cement and aggregates, as well as a variety
of downstream products and solutions such as ready­mix concrete, asphalt and other construction materials.

•

Building Envelope: The building envelope segment offers advanced roofing and wall systems, including
single­ply membranes, insulation, shingles, sheathing, waterproofing and protective coatings, along with
adhesives, tapes and sealants that are critical to the application of roofing and wall systems.

Our Products
Our products are essential in commercial and residential new construction, public infrastructure construction projects
and R&R activities. Within each of our product lines, we typically offer specialized products that are tailored for
specific projects.
Building Materials offerings include cement and aggregates, ready­mix concrete, and other construction materials.
•

Cement: We provide high­quality cement products developed through our professional knowledge and
experience. These products are customized to satisfy our clients’ specific requirements.

A­5

Amrize Ltd
•

Aggregates: We supply natural aggregates, such as crushed stone, sand, and gravel, and alternative
aggregates, including recycled concrete and slag, to the construction market. These products are primary
components for ready­mix concrete, asphalt, and road construction projects.

•

Ready­Mix Concrete: We manufacture customized ready­mix concrete through blending cement, aggregates,
and specialized additives to meet the precise requirements of our customers. Our formulations are engineered
for project­specific variables, including transportation logistics and site weather conditions which ensures
high­performance results across a broad range of applications.

Building Envelope offerings include a range of advanced roofing and wall systems solutions to meet commercial and
residential building requirements.
•

Duro­Last: Provides full system roofing, offering a range of thermoplastic single­ply solutions. Custom­
fabricates high­quality PVC roofing membranes, accessories, edge metal, and fasteners in­house, providing
waterproofing and long­term leak protection.

•

Elevate: Offers a range of advanced roofing systems for commercial buildings, including energy­efficient
insulation boards.

•

Malarkey: Provides a complete residential roofing solution, from premium roofing shingles to ice and water
barriers.

•

OX Engineered Products: Develops and manufactures a range of wall insulation and sheathing solutions, with
proprietary technologies ranging from house wraps and structural sheathing to integrated wall systems.

•

Enverge: Offers spray foam insulation, including both open­cell and closed­cell spray foam products.

•

Gaco: Offers liquid­applied coating systems for roof restoration, decking and waterproofing, and anti­slip
protection. As well as adhesives, tapes, and sealants critical to weatherproofing.

Business Strategy
Our strategy for profitable growth is broken down into six key pillars:
•

Positioned in the most attractive markets to service our North American customers: Population growth,
urbanization, onshoring and investments in infrastructure are shaping the construction industry and driving
demand for innovative and sustainable solutions. We are positioned to capitalize on these trends by leveraging
our footprint and our innovative and sustainable solutions.

•

Comprehensive range of building solutions powering growth opportunities: Through our comprehensive
product offering, we aim to provide our customers with a full suite of synergistic building solutions, offering
advanced solutions that address their most sophisticated needs and enable them to meet goals across their
building lifecycle.

•

Deeply embedded performance culture and dedication to employee safety: Our performance­based culture
drives customer­focused decision­making and superior financial performance, while maintaining a rigorous
commitment to protecting the health and safety of our people.

•

Value accretive and disciplined acquisitions: Through a track record of disciplined and value­focused
acquisitions, we have established ourselves as a leader in advanced roofing and wall systems, creating a
platform for further organic and inorganic growth in the Building Envelope segment. We also pursue an active
strategy of synergistic bolt­on acquisitions in the highly fragmented construction materials market,
particularly for aggregates and concrete.

•

Committed to driving shareholder value: We strive to maintain a disciplined capital structure based on an
investment grade credit rating. Our capital allocation strategy includes investing in our business to drive
sustainable growth, pursuing strategic acquisitions in fragmented markets in line with our segment ambitions,
and returning capital to shareholders.

•

Emphasis on innovation: Through our internal innovation process to external partnerships, we seek to make
cutting­edge investments to address customer challenges.

A­6

Amrize Ltd
Customers
Our more than 23,000 customers include home builders, commercial builders, architects and designers, distributors,
contractors and government authorities. No material part of our Building Materials segment is dependent upon a single
customer or upon a few customers. In our Building Envelope segment, our revenues are largely attributable to a few
large distributors. However, no individual customer represents more than 10% of the Company’s revenues and there are
no material dependencies or concentrations of individual customers that require disclosure.
Research & Development
Research and development activities include the development of new product lines, the modification of existing product
lines to comply with regulatory changes and the research of cost efficiencies through raw material substitution and
process improvements. We have research and development application centers and innovation hubs where scientists
and technical and training experts work to strengthen our expertise and develop innovative technologies.
Intellectual Property
The protection of our brands, technology and intellectual property is an important aspect of our business. We protect our
intellectual property and other proprietary assets through a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade
secrets, contractual provisions, confidentiality procedures and non­disclosure agreements, as well as application of
applicable law. We protect our intellectual property rights in the United States, Canada and other jurisdictions. We own
approximately 300 patents that have been issued by and patent applications that are pending with the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office (‘‘USPTO’’), and approximately 200 issued patents and pending patent applications outside the
United States. In general, our patents are directed to construction materials and their manufacturing, as well as
construction and building technologies. The protection afforded by patents (and the availability of legal remedies for
infringement or other violation thereof) varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and although the term of our patents is,
in general, up to approximately 20 years from the filing date, such term also varies depending on jurisdiction and the
type of patent protection, as well as our portfolio management strategy. Additionally, we own or have rights to use
various trademarks, service marks or trade names that we use in conjunction with the marketing of our products. We
own approximately 240 trademarks that are registered or pending with the USPTO, and approximately
2,300 trademarks that are registered or pending outside the United States. Ownership rights in trademarks (including
trademark registrations) in most jurisdictions generally do not expire if the trademarks are renewed, continued in use
and properly protected. Where appropriate, we supplement our owned intellectual property portfolio by licensing
intellectual property from third parties, including Holcim, and seek to protect our trade secrets and other confidential
and proprietary information through internal controls, contractual protections and confidentiality agreements with our
employees and third­party service providers.
Competition
The nature of the competition in the industry in which we operate varies among our product lines, in part due to the
widely differing amounts of capital necessary to build and maintain production facilities. In the concrete industry, lower
capital requirements result in fewer barriers to entry. As a result, depending on the local market, we may face
competition from small producers as well as large, vertically integrated companies.
The cement industry in the markets where we operate is highly competitive, including international, national and
regional cement producers. Companies compete on a variety of factors, including quality, value proposition, capacity,
price, customer service, delivery time and proximity to the customer. Our principal competitors in the United States are
Cemex, Buzzi­Unicem, Heidelberg Materials and CRH, as well as numerous local and regional players.
Many of the regions in which we operate ready­mix concrete are highly fragmented, and as a result, our products face
strong competition.
The construction materials industry is highly localized due to the high cost of transportation relative to the price of the
product. Cement imports into the United States occur mostly to supplement domestic cement production or to supply a
particular region. Cement is typically imported into deep water ports along the coast or on the Great Lakes or
transported on the Mississippi River system near major population centers.
In our Building Envelope business, the competitive landscape varies depending on products and end markets.
Competitive dynamics are shaped by the scale of each competitor and the ability of each competitor to develop

A­7

Amrize Ltd
innovative products, with energy efficiency and environmentally conscious building solutions in demand. The market
is further shaped by each company’s distribution capabilities, as well as its ability to provide comprehensive service and
support to customers.
While we compete with a range of local, regional and multi­national firms, given our broad offering of products and
solutions across both the commercial and residential end markets, we do not face competition across all of our product
offerings from any one particular competitor. Principal competitors across our products in North America include
Carlisle, CertainTeed, GAF, Johns Manville, Owens Corning and RPM. While larger companies maintain strong
positions due to their extensive, differentiated product portfolios and established brands, regional players and new
entrants also seek to capitalize on specialized areas of the market by offering tailored solutions to meet the unique
demands of specific geographic areas.
Raw Materials
Our cement, ready­mix and aggregates businesses depend on a reliable supply of mineral resources, such as aggregates,
sand and limestone, as well as mineral additives such as slag and fly ash. We generally maintain our own reserves of
limestone, aggregates and other materials that we use to manufacture our products. For items outside of our reserves, we
secure supply of such materials, products or resources through long­term renewable contracts. Our Building Envelope
segment requires a different set of raw materials, with a large dependency on petroleum­based products, chemicals,
resins, asphalt, glass fiber, granules and other commodities.
Human Capital Resources
As of December 31, 2025, we employed more than 19,000 people across the United States, Canada, Colombia,
Switzerland, and Jamaica. The numbers of our employees fluctuate depending on the time of year due to seasonality.
During our primary operational seasons, of our more than 19,000 employees, approximately 6,800 are salaried and
approximately 12,700 are hourly. Approximately 6,200 of the hourly employees are employed under collective
bargaining agreements and various supplemental agreements with local unions.
Recruiting, developing and retaining qualified employees is essential to executing our strategy and maintaining our
competitive position. We are a people­first company and investing in training our people supports skill development,
employee retention, and long­term business continuity. We provide our employees with the tools, training, and time to
perform their work safely and successfully coupled with competitive wages and benefits, and by providing a safe and
respectful work environment. We embrace the diverse backgrounds and viewpoints of our team members so that we
may learn from one another, and continue to improve our culture.
Health, Safety, and Well-Being
Safety is a core value and an organizational priority. We maintain comprehensive safety programs, including training,
incident investigation, and continuous improvement initiatives. Our safety performance is tracked using industry­
standard metrics. In addition to physical safety, we further support employee well­being through health programs,
mental health resources, and wellness initiatives.
Talent Attraction and Development
We utilize a broad recruiting strategy to reach a wide array of potential employees, including partnerships with
universities, trade schools, and specialized recruiting firms focused on identifying candidates with diverse experiences
and backgrounds. Our onboarding and training programs are designed to foster continuous learning and professional
growth. Examples of these initiatives include the Build for Growth program, which provides early­career employees
with exposure to the technical elements of the business while developing future leadership capabilities; sales training
programs designed to strengthen commercial acumen and drive performance; and leadership development programs
focused on enhancing the skills and effectiveness of managerial staff to support long­term organizational success.
Tuition reimbursement is also available to support career advancement.
Employee Engagement
We regularly assess employee engagement through surveys and other feedback mechanisms, using the results to
develop action plans that improve the workplace experience. This approach ensures that employees have a voice in
shaping their work environment, and we monitor key metrics such as engagement rates, satisfaction, and turnover to
further guide our human capital strategy.

A­8

Amrize Ltd
Respect and Equal Opportunity
We are committed to maintaining a culture of inclusion, respect, and equal opportunity. Our policies prohibit
discrimination based on race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, national origin, or veteran status. We
strive for fair treatment and pay equity across our workforce and regularly review compensation practices to maintain
equity. Our Employee Resource Groups and inclusion initiatives aim to foster a sense of belonging and encourage
diverse perspectives, which are essential for innovation and high engagement.
Seasonality
Our business is subject to significant seasonality, consistent with trends observed across the building materials industry.
Construction activity and, consequently, demand for our products and services, is heavily influenced by weather
conditions. Periods of higher activity typically occur from the late spring to early fall, when favorable weather supports
increased construction, renovation, and repair projects. Conversely, demand and production may decrease substantially
in winter due to inclement weather and extreme conditions, which can negatively impact both production processes and
the ability of workers to operate outdoors. We continuously monitor market conditions and adjust our production and
inventory management strategies to align with anticipated seasonal demand and potential weather­related disruptions.
Regulatory Matters
Our operations are subject to and affected by federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations relating to, among
other things, environmental matters (including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions), health and safety matters
(including related to the use of hazardous materials), consumer protection, trade regulations, anti­bribery, anti­
corruption and taxation. These laws and regulations are constantly evolving and may be interpreted, applied, created, or
amended, in a manner that could harm our business. In addition, the applicability and interpretation of these laws and
regulations often are uncertain, particularly in new and rapidly evolving areas of the law, such as those relating to
climate change.
Our mining operations are required to comply with government land use plans and zoning requirements. We are
required by government authorities to obtain specific licenses and permits to allow for the extraction and processing of
mineral reserves. These requirements vary between the United States and Canada, between individual states and
provinces, and within local markets. The terms and general availability of government permits required to conduct our
business influence the scope of our operations on the respective sites. The time periods for these operating licenses and
permits can vary between jurisdictions and sites. We are also required to adhere to applicable restrictions, often
including establishing appropriate environmental management systems, to minimize the risk that necessary permits are
revoked, modified or not renewed. We are also subject to multiple laws that require us, as a mine operator, to reclaim and
restore properties after mining activities have ceased. As a result, we are required to record reasonable provisions for
such reclamation in our consolidated financial statements.
We are also subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in the United States and similar anti­bribery, anti­money
laundering, anti­corruption, antitrust and other international laws and regulations applicable in Switzerland and other
jurisdictions in which we operate. Such laws generally prohibit, among other things, corruptly providing, offering,
promising or authorizing, directly or indirectly, anything of value to foreign officials, political parties or candidates for
political office or private parties for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business. Although we have implemented
policies and procedures, there can be no assurance these will be sufficient to prevent or detect these inappropriate
practices. See ‘‘Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Regulatory and Legal Matters.’’
Corporate Information
Amrize Ltd was incorporated in Switzerland on April 6, 2023 as Holcim North America Finance Ltd. On July 1, 2024,
Holcim acquired all of the ordinary shares and thereafter the name of this entity was changed to Amrize Ltd. On June 23,
2025, Holcim completed the spin­off of its North American business, pursuant to which transaction Holcim distributed
100% of the Company Shares to its stockholders, completing the Spin­Off through a pro rata distribution (the
‘‘Distribution’’) of the Company Shares held by Holcim as a dividend­in­kind to the holders of ordinary shares of
Holcim. As a result of the Distribution, Amrize Ltd became an independent public company. The Company Shares are
listed under the symbol ‘‘AMRZ’’ on the New York Stock Exchange and the SIX Swiss Exchange.
Our principal executive offices are located at Grafenauweg 8, 6300 Zug, Switzerland, and our telephone number
is +41 (0) 58 858 58 58. We also have operational headquarters in Chicago.

A­9

Amrize Ltd
Our Annual Reports on Form 10­K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10­Q, Current Reports on Form 8­K, and amendments
to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, are filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the ‘‘SEC’’). We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file
or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by
us with the SEC are available at www.amrize.com when such reports are available on the SEC’s website.

A­10

Amrize Ltd
Item 1A.

Risk Factors

Our consolidated results of operations, financial position, cash flows and reputation can be adversely affected by
various risks. These risks include the principal factors listed below and the other matters set forth in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. There may be additional risks of which we are not presently aware or that we currently believe are
immaterial that could have an adverse impact on our business. Certain statements contained in the risk factors
described below are forward-looking statements. See ‘‘Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements’’ for
more information.
Risk Factor Summary
Risks Relating to our Business and Industry
•

Economic conditions, including inflation, have affected and may continue to adversely affect our business,
financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.

•

We are affected by the level of demand in the construction industry.

•

We and our customers participate in cyclical industries and regional markets, which are subject to industry
downturns.

•

Changes in the cost and/or availability of raw materials required to run our business, including related supply
chain disruptions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

•

High energy and fuel costs have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our operating
results.

•

The development and introduction of new products and technologies, or the failure to do so, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.

•

We operate in a highly competitive industry with numerous players employing different competitive
strategies and if we do not compete effectively, our revenues, market share and results of operations may be
adversely affected.

•

We may not be able to successfully integrate or realize the expected benefits from any acquisitions or joint
ventures.

•

The loss of, a significant decline in business with, or pricing pressures from, one or more of our key customers
or distributors could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.

•

If we fail to accurately forecast project budgets and timelines, or if we deliver projects that do not meet
contracted standards, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and
results of operations.

•

We could be adversely affected by any significant or prolonged disruption to our production facilities.

•

Our business is capital intensive, resulting in significant fixed and semi­fixed costs. Therefore, our earnings
are sensitive to changes in volume.

Risks Relating to Regulatory and Legal Matters
•

We are subject to the laws and regulations of the countries where we operate and do business and
non­compliance, any material changes in such laws and regulations and/or any significant delays in assessing
the impact and/or adapting to such changes in laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.

•

We or our third­party suppliers may fail to maintain, obtain or renew or may experience material delays in
obtaining requisite governmental or other approvals, licenses and permits for the conduct of our business.

•

We are subject to litigation proceedings, including, but not limited to, government investigations relating to
antitrust and other proceedings, that could harm our business and our reputation.

A­11

Amrize Ltd
•

Our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.

•

We are subject to anti­corruption, anti­bribery, anti­money laundering, antitrust, anti­boycott, economic
sanctions, trade embargoes and export control laws and regulations in the countries in which we do business.
Any violation of any such laws or regulations could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as harm our reputation.

•

We operate in multiple tax jurisdictions. Changes in tax law or its application in the jurisdictions in which we
operate, or successful challenges to our tax positions by tax authorities, could adversely affect our results of
operations and cash flow.

Risks Relating to the Ownership of Company Shares
•

The market price and trading volume of the Company Shares may fluctuate significantly.

•

We cannot guarantee the timing, amount or payment of dividends on Company Shares.

•

Dividends on Company Shares may subject our shareholders to Swiss withholding tax.

•

The price of Company Shares and the Swiss franc value of any dividends may be negatively affected by
fluctuations in the U.S. dollar/Swiss franc exchange rate.

•

Swiss law imposes certain restrictions on our ability to repurchase our shares.

•

Our Articles of Association contain an exclusive forum provision that could limit a shareholder’s ability to
bring a claim in a judicial forum that the shareholder believes is favorable for such disputes and may
discourage lawsuits against us and any of our directors, officers or other employees.

Risks Relating to the Spin-Off
•

We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Spin­Off, and the Spin­Off may adversely
impact our business.

•

The non­recurring and recurring costs of the Spin­Off may be greater than we expected.

•

We have limited history operating as an independent, publicly traded company, and our financial information
is not necessarily representative of the results that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded
company, and therefore may not be a reliable indicator of our future results.

•

If we are unable to implement and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting,
investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price
of Company Shares could be adversely affected.

•

We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, debt obligations that could adversely affect our business,
profitability and our ability to meet obligations.

Risks Relating to our Business and Industry
Economic conditions, including inflation, have affected and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial
condition, liquidity and results of operations.
Global economic conditions have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, liquidity and results of operations. In recent years, inflation has reached record highs in the United States and
Canada, driven mainly by supply chain issues (including input shortages, labor constraints and rising commodity
prices), an excess demand for goods and services and a significant increase in energy and food prices, in part due to
geopolitical events. High inflation can deteriorate global economic conditions and cause a rise in the costs of
manufacturing our products, as well as an increase in related expenses, such as freight related expenses. High inflation
can also increase our costs of capital. Inflation and its related effects could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. See ‘‘High energy and fuel costs have had and may
continue to have a material adverse effect on our operating results’’ for information on how energy and fuel costs affect
the costs of manufacturing our products and related expenses. In recent years, central banks worldwide have increased

A­12

Amrize Ltd
interest rates in an attempt to reduce persistent inflation, anchor inflation expectations and, in many cases, protect their
own currencies from potential depreciation and market turmoil. Energy or food price shocks could cause inflation to
persist despite these efforts. If higher interest rates or other efforts to curb inflation fail to reduce inflation in the short
term, central banks may be inclined to keep interest rates higher for longer, potentially causing deep damage to their
economies (affecting the investment capacity of consumers and enterprises and damaging the purchasing power of
consumers due to higher loan payments, causing governments to issue debt), enlarging and deepening a potential
recession in many of the markets where we operate.
In addition to inflation, potential causes of deterioration in global economic conditions include worsening geopolitical
relations, pandemics or epidemics, cyber­attacks involving critical infrastructure, decreased trade and capital flows,
social unrest and adverse climate shocks. In general, demand for our products is strongly correlated to levels of
construction activity, as well as private and public infrastructure spending. Declines in the construction industry are
usually correlated with declines in general economic conditions. As a result, the deterioration of global economic
conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
We are affected by the level of demand in the construction industry.
Demand for our construction products and materials is directly related to the level of activity in the construction
industry, which includes residential, commercial and infrastructure construction. Although our products are essential to
commercial and residential construction, any decrease in demand for such construction projects could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our products are also used in a
variety of public infrastructure projects that are funded and financed by federal, state and local governments, including
public construction projects and projects to build, expand and repair roads and highways. Infrastructure spending may
be adversely affected by several factors. For instance, under U.S. law, annual funding levels for highways are subject to
yearly appropriation reviews. The uncertainties associated with these reviews or other factors, including changing
government priorities, fiscal constraints, delays in project approvals and shifts in political leadership, could result in
states being reluctant to undertake large multi­year highway projects. In addition, disruptions in federal funding due to
government shutdowns, sequestration measures or debt ceiling negotiations could further delay or reduce infrastructure
investment. In general, there can be no assurance as to the amount and timing of appropriations for spending on federal,
state or local projects. Any decrease in the amount of government funds available for such projects could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
We and our customers participate in cyclical industries and regional markets, which are subject to industry
downturns.
A majority of our revenues is from customers who are in industries and businesses that are cyclical in nature and subject
to changes in general economic conditions. For example, many of our customers operate in the construction industry,
which is affected by a variety of factors, such as general economic conditions, changes in interest rates, inflationary
pressures, fluctuations in raw material costs, supply chain disruptions, demographic and population shifts, levels of
infrastructure spending and other factors beyond our control. Such factors may materially impair the ability of current
and/or prospective customers to obtain credit. In addition, since our operations are in a variety of geographic markets
within the Amrize territories, our business may be impacted by differing economic conditions in a particular geographic
market within the Amrize territories.
Our business may suffer as a result of worsening economic conditions. Economic downturns in the industries to which
we sell our products or localized downturns in the regions where we sell our products, particularly in North America,
generally have an adverse effect on demand for our products and negatively affect our ability to collect receivables. In
general, any downturns in these industries or regions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, liquidity and results of operations. While demand for certain of our Building Envelope products is driven by
R&R activities (such as re­roofing) which are less likely to be postponed during periods of recession or slower
economic growth, economic downturns may have a stronger impact on new construction, which could have a material
impact on demand for our Building Materials products.
Changes in the cost and/or availability of raw materials required to run our business, including related supply chain
disruptions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our cement, ready­mix and aggregates businesses, as well as our trading operations, depend on a reliable supply of
mineral resources, such as aggregates, sand and limestone, as well as mineral additives such as slag and fly ash. Our

A­13

Amrize Ltd
Building Envelope segment requires a different set of raw materials, with a large dependency on petroleum­based
products, chemicals, resins, asphalt, glass fiber, granules and other commodities. While we try to secure our needed
supply of such materials, products or resources through long­term renewable contracts, those contracts may not be
sufficient to meet our needs, or we may be unable to renew or replace existing contracts when they expire or are
terminated in the future. If our suppliers are not able to deliver to us the contractual quantities because of volatile
shipping or trade situations, or if laws and/or regulations limit our access to these materials, products, reserves or
resources, sourcing costs for these materials could increase significantly or require us to find alternative sources for
these materials. Our focus on sustainable sourcing practices may also limit the pool of qualified suppliers from which
we may choose to source, as we prioritize contractors that respect decent working conditions, protect the environment
and observe human rights standards. If our existing suppliers are unable to satisfy our demand, and we are unable to
secure supply elsewhere, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results
of operations and prospects.
Further, although we generally maintain our own reserves of limestone, aggregates and other materials that we use to
manufacture our products, costs of such resources could increase and we may be unable to find alternative suppliers at
more reasonable costs, if at all. Our ability to find and develop quality reserves and accurately calculate and report our
reserve estimates depend upon geological interpretation and statistical inferences or assumptions drawn from drilling
and sampling analyses, which are subject to inherent uncertainties. If any of these estimates prove to be inaccurate, our
operations and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted.
High energy and fuel costs have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
Energy, including diesel fuel, natural gas, electricity, coal, petroleum coke and liquid asphalt represent an important part
of our cost structure. The price and availability of energy and fuel are generally subject to market volatility and inflation,
and have had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our costs and operating results. If third­party suppliers
fail to provide to us the required amounts of energy or fuel under existing agreements, we may need to acquire energy
or fuel at an increased cost from other suppliers to fulfill contractual commitments with third parties or for use in our
operations. Governments have introduced and may continue to introduce or tighten clean energy obligations or impose
excise taxes and carbon emission caps. For example, Canada, where we produce cement, has a cap­and­trade system,
which imposes a dollar/carbon tax applied directly to oil and gas emissions. Any new carbon emission caps or taxes, or
any tightening of existing caps, could increase our energy costs and have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
Our commitment to transition to and increase the use of alternative energy sources and fuels may limit our flexibility to
use energy sources and fuels that may be more cost­effective and require us to incur more in capital expenditures and
investments than we currently have planned. However, if our efforts to increase our use of alternative fuels are
unsuccessful, due to their limited availability, price volatility or otherwise, we would be required to use traditional fuels,
which may be more expensive at any given time and increase our energy and fuel costs. Further, use of traditional fuels
may subject us to increased governmental scrutiny and regulations. Any of this could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
The development and introduction of new products and technologies, or the failure to do so, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
Materials such as plastic, aluminum, ceramics, glass, wood and steel can be used in construction as a substitute for
cement, ready­mix concrete or aggregates. In addition, the integration of new technologies in the construction industry,
such as 3D printing, mini­mills and mobile plants, could adversely impact the demand and price for our existing
products. Research aimed at developing new construction techniques and modern materials and digitalizing the
construction industry may result in the introduction of new products and technologies that could reduce the demand for
and prices of our products. While we strive to introduce new products or products with non­traditional compositions,
and to develop and market new construction techniques and technologies, our efforts to introduce new products and
develop construction techniques and technologies may be unsuccessful or unprofitable, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
We may also from time to time pursue opportunities which are natural extensions of our existing core businesses and
which allow us to take advantage of our core competencies, existing infrastructure and customer relationships. Our
likelihood of success in pursuing and realizing these opportunities must be considered in light of the expenses,

A­14

Amrize Ltd
difficulties and delays frequently encountered in connection with the early phases of business development or product
line expansion, including the difficulties involved in obtaining permits; planning and constructing new facilities;
transporting and storing products; establishing, maintaining or expanding customer relationships; as well as navigating
the regulatory environment in which we operate. We may not be successful in the pursuits and realization of such
opportunities, and any resulting investment losses or impairments could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.
We operate in a highly competitive industry with numerous players employing different competitive strategies and if
we do not compete effectively, our revenues, market share and results of operations may be adversely affected.
The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and are served by numerous companies with recognized brand
names, as well as new entrants and increasing imports. Companies in this industry compete based on a variety of factors.
For example, we generally compete based on quality, value proposition, capacity, price, customer service, delivery time
and proximity to the customer. In certain regions in which we compete, some of our competitors may be more
established, benefit from greater brand recognition or have greater manufacturing and distribution channels and other
resources than we do or offer a better customer experience than we do. In addition, if our competitors were to combine,
or if our competitors individually acquire operations from one another, they may be able to compete more effectively
with us. In addition, if our competitors were to dispose of assets to new entrants, asset optimization by buyers of the
disposed assets could result in an operational cost advantage. As a result, if we are not able to compete effectively, we
may lose market share and our revenues could decline or grow at a slower rate and our business and results of operations
would be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results
of operations.
Activities in our business can be hazardous and can cause injury to people or damage to property in certain
circumstances.
Most of our production facilities, as well as mineral extraction locations, require individuals to work with chemicals and
other hazardous substances, equipment and other materials that have the potential to cause fatalities, harm and injury.
An accident or injury that occurs at our facilities could result in disruptions to our business and operations and could
have legal and regulatory, as well as reputational, consequences. Such injuries, as well as any liabilities related thereto,
could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and
prospects.
Additionally, cement production raises a number of health and safety risks, which could expose us to possible liability
claims for personal injury or property damage, including due to alleged design or manufacturing defects in our products.
Some of our aggregates products contain and some of our construction and material processing operations release
particles that may directly or indirectly lead to personal injury, and we may face claims related to exposure to these
products or substances, which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition,
liquidity, results of operations and prospects.
Other health and safety risks related to our business include burns arising from contact with hot cement kiln dust or dust
on preheater systems; noise, including from chutes and hoppers, milling plants, exhaust fans and blowers; the potential
for dioxin formation if chlorine­containing alternative fuels are introduced into kilns; plant cleaning and maintenance
activities involving working at elevated heights or in confined or other awkward locations, and the storage and handling
of coal, pet coke and certain alternative fuels, which, in their finely ground state, can pose a risk of fire or explosion; and
health hazards associated with operating ready­mix concrete trucks.
We may also be exposed to liability resulting from injuries or fatalities involving third­party service providers, such as
drivers for our suppliers when delivering products or services to us. While we actively seek to minimize the risk posed
by these issues, personal injury claims may be made and substantial damages awarded against us, which could have a
material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
Additionally, we may also be required to change our operational practices, which may require material capital
expenditure.
We could face claims related to product liability, workers’ compensation, automotive liability and general liability
and we may not have sufficient insurance to cover those claims.
We are subject to a broad range of liability risks, including claims related to product liability, workers’ compensation,
automotive liability, general liability, and other claims. Our products are used in a variety of residential, commercial,

A­15

Amrize Ltd
and infrastructure applications, which exposes us to potential claims alleging product defects, improper installation, or
inadequate warnings. Such claims may result in personal injury, property damage, or other losses, and can have a
significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
In addition to product liability, our employees work in environments where workplace injuries may occur, subjecting us
to workers’ compensation claims that can be unpredictable in both frequency and severity. We also operate vehicles and
require employees to drive as part of their job responsibilities, which exposes us to automotive liability risks, including
claims arising from accidents resulting in bodily injury or property damage. Our business activities further expose us to
general liability risks, such as premises liability and third­party injuries occurring at our facilities or in connection with
our operations.
While we maintain insurance coverage for many of these risks, there is no assurance that such coverage will be adequate
to cover all claims or that we will be able to obtain or maintain such coverage at reasonable costs in the future. Insurance
policies may have limitations, exclusions, or may not cover certain types of claims. Furthermore, adverse developments
in the insurance market could result in increased premiums or reduced availability of coverage. Any liability not
covered by insurance or that exceeds our established reserves could materially and adversely impact our business,
financial condition and results of operations.
We may face warranty claims if customers are not satisfied with the performance of our Building Envelope products.
We provide standard warranties on many of our products within the Building Envelope segment. Standard warranty
terms range from one year to limited lifetime coverage. We also offer extended warranty contracts on sales of certain
products within the Building Envelope segment, including extended warranties generally ranging from five to 30 years
on many of our roofing systems. We may experience costs of warranty claims when our products are not performing to
the satisfaction of the customer even though they have not caused harm to others or property. We have received and may
in the future receive notices of claims arising from such warranties. We estimate our future warranty costs based on
historical trends and product sales, but we may fail to accurately estimate those costs. Warranty claims are not insurable,
and any increase in warranty claims relative to historical levels could have an adverse impact on our results of
operations.
Our portfolio of products, and in particular our Building Envelope portfolio, has grown largely through
acquisitions, and there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to acquire additional products to support
future growth.
In prior years, we have been able to increase the size and scope of our product offerings in large part through acquisitions
from third parties. For example, in 2023, we completed the acquisition of Duro­Last, a manufacturer of polyvinyl
chloride (‘‘PVC’’) roofing systems, and in 2022 we acquired Malarkey, a residential roofing company. Companies
producing building materials at scale in the United States and Canada typically become available for purchase only
infrequently, and often only in connection with a merger, acquisition or corporate reorganization or refinancing. When
companies become available for purchase, the process is often highly competitive, which tends to result in relatively
high valuations for the target company. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to identify appropriate
acquisition candidates or acquire new products at values that we consider reasonable.
We may not be able to successfully integrate or realize the expected benefits from any acquisitions or joint ventures.
Strategic acquisitions are a core part of our growth strategy, and we expect to acquire new operations and enter into joint
ventures or investments and integrate such operations or assets into our existing operations in the future. We may not be
successful in identifying or acquiring suitable assets in the future, and we may not be able to acquire assets or enter into
joint ventures on favorable terms or at all. Acquisitions, joint ventures or investments may have a material impact on our
business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our ability to realize the expected benefits from any
acquisitions, joint ventures, investments or partnerships depends, in large part, on our ability to integrate acquired
operations with our existing operations in a timely and effective manner or our ability to properly manage, together with
our partners, any joint venture, partnership or other business where we hold an interest. These efforts may not be
successful.
In particular, we may not be able to retain key employees of the companies we acquire, we may not identify all material
issues in the course of our due diligence and we may fail to achieve any anticipated cost savings from any acquisitions,

A­16

Amrize Ltd
joint ventures or investments. Failure to realize the expected benefits from such acquisitions or joint ventures, if at all
made, may cause us to not achieve certain of our strategic goals and, in turn, our business, financial condition, liquidity
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
The loss of, a significant decline in business with, or pricing pressures from, one or more of our key customers or
distributors could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
We operate in several niche areas within our Building Envelope segment in which a significant portion of our revenues
are attributable to a few large distributors. A significant reduction in purchases by one or more of these distributors could
have an adverse effect on the performance of our Building Envelope segment. Some of our key customers enjoy
significant purchasing power that may be used to exert pricing pressure on us. Additionally, as many of our products are
purchased as part of a long supply chain to the ultimate consumer, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results
of operations could be adversely affected if one or more key customers or distributors elects to in­source or find
alternative suppliers for any of the products that we currently provide.
Our operations and ability to source products and materials can be affected by adverse weather conditions and
natural disasters, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and
results of operations.
Construction activity, and thus demand for our products, has historically substantially decreased during periods of cold
weather, or generally in any rainy and snowy weather. Consequently, demand for our products has historically been
significantly lower during the winter or raining and snowing seasons in the United States and Canada. Generally, winter
weather significantly reduces our first quarter sales volumes, and to a lesser extent our fourth quarter sales volumes.
Sales volumes in these regions generally increase during the second and third quarters because of normally better
weather conditions and thus our ability to source materials, and our customers’ ability to utilize these materials for
construction activity. However, high levels of rainfall and/or snow can also adversely affect our operations during these
periods, as well as our access to products and materials used in our operations.
In addition, natural disasters, such as severe droughts, hurricanes, snowstorms, tornadoes and other such weather
phenomena have had, and in the future could have, a negative impact on our sales volumes, which could also have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our operations in the southeastern United States are particularly
exposed to hurricanes and similar weather events. Severe weather conditions could increase our costs. In general,
decreases in sales volumes because of weather events or natural disasters are usually counterbalanced by the increase
in the demand for our products during the reconstruction phase after such events, unless any of our operating units or
facilities are impacted by the natural disaster, or if our access to our sources of raw materials and the general supply
chain is also affected. Such adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, the severity and frequency of which may
be exacerbated by climate change, can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and
results of operations if they occur with unusual intensity, during abnormal periods, or last longer than usual, or if they
cause scarcity and increases in the cost of the products we need to run our business, especially during peak construction
periods.
If we fail to accurately forecast project budgets and timelines, or if we deliver projects that do not meet contracted
standards, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of
operations.
Construction projects are complex endeavors, with each project posing a unique set of requirements, challenges and
variables. A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from projects that involve multiple parties, years and/or
products. The confluence of geographical conditions, regulatory environments and fluctuating costs of raw materials
can introduce uncertainties that complicate the process of demand estimation for our products. While we employ
sophisticated forecasting models and consider historical data to predict project needs with the highest possible accuracy,
the inherent variability of project specifications and external market conditions means that there is always a risk of
deviation from our projections. An incorrect forecast of the quantity or type of products required for a particular project
can lead to either a surplus or a shortage, each carrying its own set of financial implications. A surplus may result in
increased inventory holding costs and potential write­downs if the product remains unsold, while a shortage could lead
to project delays, contractual penalties or the loss of future business opportunities due to an inability to meet customer
demand in a timely manner.

A­17

Amrize Ltd
We could be adversely affected by any significant or prolonged disruption to our production facilities.
Any prolonged and/or significant disruption to our production facilities, whether due to repair, maintenance or
servicing, governmental or administrative actions, regulatory issues, civil unrest, industrial accidents, unavailability or
excessively high cost of raw materials such as energy to the point of making it inefficient to run our production facilities,
mechanical equipment failure, human error, cyber­attack to our systems, public health threat or other reasons, could
adversely affect our operations. Additionally, any major or sustained disruptions in the supply of utilities such as water,
gas or electricity or any fire, flood, earthquake, hurricane, volcanic eruption, landslide, blizzard or other natural
calamities or communal unrest or acts of terrorism may disrupt our operations or damage our production facilities or
inventories and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of
operations. We typically shut down our facilities to undertake maintenance and repair work at scheduled intervals.
Although we schedule shutdowns such that not all our facilities are shut down at the same time, the unexpected
shutdown or closure of any facility or the unexpected prolongation for unforeseen reasons of any scheduled shutdown
or temporary closure, may materially affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations from
one period to another.
Labor activism and unrest, rising labor rates, further unionization, work stoppages or failure by us to maintain
satisfactory labor relations, could adversely affect our results of operations.
Labor activism and unrest may adversely affect our operations and thereby adversely affect our business, financial
condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. We may experience labor unrest, activism, disputes or actions
in the future, including as a result of labor laws and regulations. Further, rising labor rates may lead to significant
increases in our operating and administrative expenses.
A significant portion of our work force is unionized under several different unions. The unions in several of our facilities
require us to negotiate the wages, benefits and other terms of employment with these employees collectively pursuant
to collective bargaining agreements. Our financial results could be materially adversely affected if such labor
negotiations result in substantially higher compensation costs or materially restrict how we are able to run our
operations. In addition, our inability to negotiate acceptable contracts with any of these labor unions as existing
collective bargaining agreements expire could result in strikes or work stoppages by the affected workers. While we do
not currently expect any labor interruptions of significant duration, if our unionized employees were to engage in a
strike or other work stoppage, at one or more of our major facilities, we could experience a significant disruption of our
operations, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
Although we are not aware of any present active union organizing drives at any of our other facilities, we cannot predict
the impact of any further unionization of our workplace. Future labor disagreements could result in work stoppages.
Any prolonged work stoppages at any of our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business.
In addition, some of our direct or indirect customers, third­party suppliers and critical transportation providers have
unionized work forces. Strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by these customers, suppliers or
transportation providers could cause delays in our ability to produce and deliver our products and/or result in decreased
demand for our products, such as due to closures of construction sites where our products are used. In recent years, labor
strikes and work stoppages have become more frequent in North America and in the United States in particular. Any
interruption in our business due to a labor strike or slowdown could have a material adverse effect on us.
We depend on the recruitment and retention of qualified personnel, and our failure to attract and retain such
personnel could adversely affect our businesses.
Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued services of, and on our ability to attract and retain, our
key personnel and executive officers, including qualified management, operations, engineering, manufacturing,
technical, marketing and sales, and support personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we may not be
successful in attracting or retaining such qualified personnel, which could negatively affect our businesses. Our future
success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and develop or recruit talent to succeed our senior management and
other key positions throughout the organization. If we fail to identify and develop or recruit successors, we are at risk
of being harmed by the departures of these key employees. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth
transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution and adversely affect our results
of operations and prospects.

A­18

Amrize Ltd
We are increasingly dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure, as well as those
provided by third-party service providers, face certain risks, including cybersecurity risks. An inability to
successfully maintain information technology systems and their security, as well as protect data and other
confidential information, could adversely affect our business and reputation.
We increasingly rely on a variety of information technology and automated operating systems to manage and support
our operations, including for the processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary, personal
and other types of information. The proper functioning of this technology and these systems is critical to the efficient
operation and management of our business. Our systems and technologies may require modifications or upgrades as a
result of technological changes, growth in our business and to enhance our business security. These changes may be
costly and disruptive to our operations and could impose substantial demands on our systems and increase system
outage time. See ‘‘—The transitional services Holcim has agreed to provide to us may not be sufficient for our needs.
In addition, Holcim may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that will be executed as part of the
Separation, which may create risks to the protection and value of our trade secrets, or we may fail to have necessary
systems and services in place when Holcim is no longer obligated to provide services under the various agreements.’’
Our information technology systems, as well as those provided by third­party service providers, may be vulnerable to
damage, disruption or intrusion, such as physical or electronic break­ins, catastrophic events, power outages, natural
disasters, acts of terrorism, telecommunication and computer system malfunctions or network failures. Such
information technology systems are also vulnerable to security breaches, vendor software supply chain compromises,
computer viruses and cyber­attacks, including malicious codes, worms, ransomware, malware, phishing, hacking,
denial of service attacks and unauthorized access. Furthermore, while we expect to further integrate digital technologies
into our operations, these integration efforts and the engagement of additional technology service providers and systems
in our operations could increase our exposure to these risks. To try to minimize such risks, we attempt to safeguard our
systems and electronic information through a set of cybersecurity controls, processes and a proactive monitoring
service designed to attend to potential breaches, but such policies and procedures may not be sufficient to avoid all
damage, disruption or intrusion to our information technology systems, particularly as the sophistication of bad actors
continues to evolve.
In addition, we have disaster recovery plans in case of incidents that could cause major disruptions to our business.
However, these measures may not be sufficient, and our systems may have in the past been, and may in the future be,
subject to certain intrusions that could result in a material breach or material impact to us, including distributed denial
of service attacks, unauthorized access attempts, brute force attacks and phishing. We cannot assure you that our
systems will not be subject to certain intrusions, or that we will be able to promptly identify every intrusion that may
occur. In a business environment that relies on complex digital networks, cybercriminals are often outpacing a
company’s ability to prevent and manage cyberthreats. The digitalization of global supply chains creates new risks as
we increasingly rely on technology and third­party service providers.
In recent years there has been an increase in security threats, including, but not limited to, phishing and
malware/ransomware campaigns and exploitation of video collaboration vulnerabilities, among other things. The
techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently and may be enhanced through the use of artificial intelligence.
Protecting against these threats may require significant resources, and we may not anticipate all types of security threats
or implement measures that protect against all of the significant risks to our systems. In addition, we rely on a number
of third­party service providers to execute certain business processes and maintain certain information technology
systems and infrastructure, and any breach of security of, or failure to perform by, such service providers could impair
our ability to effectively operate. Furthermore, as the number of employees working from home and from jurisdictions
in which we do not have material business operations, such as Colombia, has increased, and may continue to increase,
so does cyber risk due to inadequate security configurations of domestic (home) networks and use of non­corporate
devices. While we have implemented additional cybersecurity technology and controls designed to reduce and mitigate
the impact of such risks, we cannot assure you that intrusions will not occur.
Any significant information leakages or theft of information, or any unlawful processing of or access to personal data,
including in connection with activities of our applicable third­party service providers, could affect our compliance with
data privacy laws in the countries in which we currently operate, or operate in the future, and make us subject to
regulatory and civil actions, including substantial fines and private litigation, and could damage our relationship with
our employees, customers and suppliers, which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business,
financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.

A­19

Amrize Ltd
Furthermore, while we may from time to time carry insurance coverage that, subject to its terms and conditions, is
intended to address certain costs associated with cyber incidents, network failures and data privacy­related concerns,
this insurance coverage may not, depending on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding an incident, cover all
losses or types of claims that may arise from an incident or the damage to our reputation or brands that may result from
an incident. Additionally, if the information technology systems of our third party service providers become subject to
security breaches or disruptions, we may have insufficient recourse against such third parties. Accordingly, any
significant disruption to our systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity
and results of operations, and could also harm our reputation.
Our intellectual property rights may not provide meaningful commercial protection for our products,
manufacturing processes or services, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.
We rely on our intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, confidential information,
as well as intellectual property licensed from third parties, to protect and differentiate our products, manufacturing
processes and services. We attempt to monitor and protect against activities that might infringe, dilute, or otherwise
violate our intellectual property rights and try to rely on intellectual property laws to protect our rights. However, we
may not protect our intellectual property to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, and we may be
unaware of unauthorized use of our intellectual property. To the extent we cannot protect our products, manufacturing
processes or services with intellectual property law protection, or are unable to enforce our intellectual property rights,
unauthorized use and misuse of our intellectual property or innovations, including by Holcim, could harm our
competitive position and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions outside of the United States provide lesser protection for our proprietary
rights, and we therefore may not be able to effectively enforce our intellectual property rights in these jurisdictions.
Additionally, there can be no assurance as to the breadth or degree of protection that future intellectual property, such
as patents and trademarks, may afford us, or that any pending patent or trademark applications will result in issued
patents or trademark registrations, or that competitors will not develop similar or superior methods or products outside
the protection of any intellectual property owned by us or licensed or sublicensed to us. Current employees, contractors
and suppliers have, and former employees, contractors and suppliers may have, access to trade secrets and confidential
information regarding our business that could be disclosed improperly and in breach of contract to our competitors or
otherwise used to materially adversely harm us.
We may be required to defend our intellectual property against infringement or against infringement claims of
others.
It is possible that our patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be alleged or deemed not to be valid
or that infringement, misappropriation or other violation by us of patents, trademarks or other intellectual property
rights of others may occur. In the event that our products, manufacturing processes or services or our names and marks,
including new names and marks adopted by us in connection with the Spin­Off, are deemed to infringe upon,
misappropriate or otherwise violate the patent, trademark or other proprietary rights of others, we could be required to
modify the design of our products, manufacturing processes or services, change such names and marks, obtain a license
for the use of certain technologies incorporated into our products, manufacturing processes or services or otherwise take
appropriate action to cease any such infringement, misappropriation or other violation (including by ceasing to sell or
otherwise commercially exploit affected products, names or brands). There can be no assurance that we would be able
to do any of the foregoing in a timely manner, upon acceptable terms and conditions or at all, and the failure to do so
could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, enforcing or defending a patent, registered trademark
or other proprietary right may require substantial financial resources and management attention, and if our products,
manufacturing processes or services are deemed to infringe upon or otherwise violate the patents, trademarks or other
proprietary rights of others, we could become liable for damages, which could also have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
Our insurance coverage may not cover all the risks to which we may be exposed, and unexpected factors affecting
our self-insurance could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
Among others, we face the risks of fatalities and injury of our employees and contractors, loss and damage to our
products, property and machinery due to, among other things, public health threats, fire, theft and natural disasters, and
also face risks related to cybersecurity related matters. Such events may cause a disruption to, or cessation of, our

A­20

Amrize Ltd
operations and business. Further, we face risks of litigation for injuries or other damage as a result of our operations and
the use of our products by customers and other third parties. See ‘‘—Activities in our business can be hazardous and can
cause injury to people or damage to property in certain circumstances.’’
With respect to certain claims arising out of certain matters that occur at or prior to the Spin­Off, we may seek coverage
under certain Holcim third­party insurance policies to the extent that coverage may be available thereunder. Our
insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and liabilities. In addition, our insurance
coverage may not cover all the risks to which we may be exposed. If our losses exceed our insurance coverage, or if we
are not covered by the insurance policies we have taken up, we may be liable to cover any shortfall or losses. Our
insurance premiums may also increase substantially because of such claims. Such circumstances could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
In addition to our responsibility for standard deductibles charged by our insurers, we have elected to self­insure a
portion of our property, healthcare, auto, workers’ compensation, product liability, marine cargo and cyber risks. While
self­insurance can provide cost savings by reducing premium expenses to third­party insurers, it exposes us to potential
volatility in expense levels due to unpredictable and potentially significant claims. The lack of predictability in claims
may result in substantial financial exposure, which could materially affect our financial condition and operating results.
While we maintain a reserve for estimated self­insurance liabilities, if actual claims exceed these reserves, or if a
catastrophic event occurs that is not fully covered by our excess insurance policies, our earnings and cash flows could
be adversely impacted.
Future pandemics and epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations.
Our operations expose us to risks associated with pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as the
COVID­19 pandemic. Pandemics have in the past resulted and may in the future result in governments implementing
strict measures to help control the spread of a virus, including quarantines, ‘‘shelter in place’’and ‘‘stay at home’’orders,
travel restrictions, business curtailments, school closures and other measures. Such public health emergencies may have
negative impacts on our operations, supply chain, transportation networks and customers. The extent to which a
resurgence of the COVID­19 pandemic, or any variant thereof, or any other pandemic, in our primary areas of operation
may impact our employees, employee productivity, business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows
will depend on future developments, which remain highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited
to, the duration and geographic spread of any outbreak, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact.
Some of our products are commodities, which are subject to significant changes in supply and demand and price
fluctuations.
Some of the products sold by us are commodities, and competition among manufacturers is based largely on price.
Prices are often subject to material changes in response to relatively minor fluctuations in supply and demand, general
economic conditions and other market conditions beyond our control. Increases in the production capacity of industry
participants for products such as asphalt or cement, or increases in cement imports, tend to create an oversupply of such
products leading to an imbalance between supply and demand, which can have a negative impact on product prices.
There can be no assurance that prices for products sold by us will not decline in the future or that such declines will not
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
Our business is capital intensive, resulting in significant fixed and semi-fixed costs. Therefore, our earnings are
sensitive to changes in volume.
Due to the high levels of fixed capital required to produce our products, our ability to remain profitable is dependent on
achieving and maintaining strong volumes of production and sales. Any decreases in volume could have an adverse
effect on our ability to raise capital in the private or public markets, our financial condition and our results of operations.
In addition, our plants require significant capital expenditures to support our business. If we are unable to generate
sufficient cash to maintain the property and machinery necessary to operate our business, we may be required to reduce
or delay planned capital expenditures or incur additional debt, which could in turn materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Following the Spin­Off, we are no longer able to rely
on the earnings, assets or cash flows of Holcim and Holcim does not provide funds to finance our working capital or

A­21

Amrize Ltd
other cash requirements, which may impact the interest rate charged to us on debt financings, the amounts of
indebtedness, types of financing structures and debt markets that may be available to us, and our ability to make
payments on and to refinance any indebtedness’’.
Significant changes in the cost and availability of transportation and related logistical disruptions could adversely
affect our financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and business, including our trading operations.
Some of the raw materials used in our manufacturing processes, such as coal or coke, are transported to our facilities by
truck, rail cars, ships, barges or tugs. In addition, transportation logistics play an important part in allowing us to supply
products to our customers, whether by truck, rail or marine. Certain of our products are more difficult and costly to
transport over long distances, which limits the areas typically served by our business. Significant increases in the cost
of fuel or energy can result in material increases in the cost of transportation, which could materially and adversely
affect our operating income. In addition, reductions in the availability of certain modes of transportation, such as rail,
marine or trucking, could limit our ability to deliver products and therefore materially and adversely affect our operating
income, business, financial condition and liquidity.
Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on our business.
Although the majority of our operations are in the United States and Canada, we have suppliers and customers across
the world, and therefore face foreign exchange risks arising from various currency exposures such as the U.S. dollar and
Canadian dollar. As a result, movements in exchange rates may have a negative influence on our business, financial
condition, liquidity and results of operations. Currency fluctuations can result in the recognition of foreign exchange
losses on transactions, which are reflected in our consolidated financial statements. With regard to transaction­based
foreign currency exposures, our policy is to hedge material foreign currency exposures through derivative instruments.
If we are unable to manage foreign exchange risk effectively through hedging or otherwise, our business, financial
condition, liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected in the future.
Our use of derivative financial instruments could negatively affect our net income and liquidity.
We may use various derivative financial instruments, including interest rate swaps, foreign exchange forwards and
swaps and commodity contracts, to manage our exposure to certain market risks. Our actual hedging decisions will be
determined in light of the facts and circumstances existing at the time of the hedge and may differ from time to time.
There is no assurance that our use of such instruments will allow us to achieve these objectives due to the inherent risks
in any derivatives transaction or the risk that we may be unable to access such instruments at reasonable costs, or at all.
If we enter into new derivative financial instruments, we may incur net losses and be subject to margin calls requiring
a substantial amount of cash to be covered, which may reduce the funds available to us for our operations or other capital
needs. In addition, as with any derivative position, we assume the creditworthiness risk of the counterparty, including
the risk that the counterparty may not honor its obligations to us.
Political, social and geopolitical events, possible changes in public policies and other societal risks could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
Our operations are mostly located in the United States, Canada and Jamaica. We also have employees and support
operations in Colombia. We are also exposed to the circumstances prevalent in the countries from which we procure
materials and in which we market our products. Political, economic, geopolitical or social developments such as
elections, new governments, changes in public policy, economic circumstances, laws and/or regulations, trade policies,
political agreements or disagreements, civil disturbances or a rise in violence or the perception of violence, could have
a material adverse effect on global or local financial markets, and in turn on our business, financial condition, liquidity
and results of operations.
A change in federal or national government and the political party in control of the legislature in any of the countries
where we operate could result in changes to the countries’ economic, political or social conditions, as well as changes
to laws, regulations and public policies, which may contribute to economic uncertainty or adverse business conditions
and could also materially impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. For example, a
new administration may decrease infrastructure spending, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, liquidity and results of operations. Similarly, if no political party wins a clear majority in the legislative
bodies of these countries, legislative gridlock and political and economic uncertainty may continue or result. For
example, gridlock in the United States could impact, among other things, the ability of the U.S. Congress to raise the
U.S. government’s federal debt ceiling.

A­22

Amrize Ltd
We expect an increase of ‘‘green’’ taxes in jurisdictions where we operate. Our operations may also be subject to risks
such as increases in governmental royalties, as well as any laws and policies affecting foreign trade, taxation and
investment. We supply and ship certain materials and goods pursuant to the North American Free Trade Agreement,
now known as the U.S.­Mexico­Canada Agreement, and may be subject to audits, assessments and penalties for
non­compliance. While we maintain records to support such inquiries and confirm our compliance, we may face costs
and penalties for non­compliance which may be material to our operations. Our ability to import raw materials may be
affected by changes in local regulations and government policies regarding such importations. These and any other
policies, laws and regulations which are further adopted could result in a deterioration of investment sentiment, political
and economic uncertainty, and increased costs for our business, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
Further, we sell to customers in countries, including in North America and Europe, where the governments have
indicated a willingness to impose, and have in fact imposed, new or strengthened trade protection measures, including
tariffs on imports of certain products. New or existing tariffs and other trade measures could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Some foreign governments, including China, have
instituted retaliatory measures on certain U.S. goods and indicated a willingness to impose additional tariffs. We cannot
be sure that such additional tariffs will not impact our business, thereby adversely affecting our financial condition.
Further conflict between the United States and China, or similar geopolitical challenges, could cause important
disruptions in the global economic, financial markets and trade dynamics which could impact the markets in which we
operate and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
Our operations and facilities are subject to risks beyond our control, including terrorist attacks and civil unrest. There
may be new attacks or threats that cause any damage to our facilities, or harm our employees, including members of our
Board of Directors or senior management, or lead to an economic contraction, financial markets volatility or erection
of material barriers to trade.
Our goodwill and intangible long-lived assets represent a substantial amount of our total assets. Significant
underperformance in any of our operations in the future may give rise to a material write-down of goodwill or
long-lived assets, adversely effecting on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Our goodwill and long­lived intangible assets represent 44%, 45% and 47% of our total assets as of December 31, 2025,
2024 and 2023, respectively. Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this
Annual Report have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, under which goodwill is not amortized but rather is
tested for impairment once a year, during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Such events and changes in circumstances may include
continued economic uncertainty, lower than forecasted revenue, reduced future cash flow estimates, a sustained decline
in stock price or a substantial decline in business performance. We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit
level, which is at the operating segment level, or one level below. If we determine that the carrying amount of the
reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then we recognize an impairment loss equal to that excess, up to the total amount
of goodwill associated with that reporting unit.
We also review long­lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of the long­lived intangible assets may not be recoverable. Such events and changes in
circumstances may include significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant
changes in asset use, significant negative industry or economic trends and changes in our business strategy. If any such
indication exists, the recoverable amount of the long­lived asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
impairment loss, if any. If the recoverable amount of a long­lived asset is determined to be less than the carrying amount,
the carrying amount of the long­lived asset is reduced to its recoverable amount.
The impairment assessment requires us to estimate future cash flows based on cash flow models that incorporate various
significant assumptions. These significant assumptions generally include forecasted revenues, expenses, resulting
EBITDA Margins (as defined in ‘‘Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations’’) and related cash flows based on assumed long­term growth rates and demand trends, future projected
investments to expand our units, discount rates and terminal growth rates. The outcome of the impairment assessment
could vary significantly based on the different assumptions used. Impairment losses are recognized in the statement of
operations and may therefore have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

A­23

Amrize Ltd
Risks Relating to Regulatory and Legal Matters
We are subject to the laws and regulations of the countries where we operate and do business and non-compliance,
any material changes in such laws and regulations and/or any significant delays in assessing the impact and/or
adapting to such changes in laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
liquidity and results of operations.
Our operations are subject to the laws and regulations of the countries where we operate and do business, which laws
and regulations (and/or governmental interpretations of such laws and regulations) are subject to change. Such changes
in laws and regulations, and/or governmental interpretations of such laws and regulations, may require us to devote a
significant amount of time and resources to assess and, if required, to adjust our operations to be compliant with any
such changes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of
operations. In addition, any significant delays in assessing the impact and/or adapting to changes in laws and regulations
and/or governmental interpretations of such laws and regulations could result in a failure to comply with such laws and
regulations, which in turn could lead to significant investigation costs, financial penalties, debarment, profit
disgorgement and reputational damage. All of the aforementioned may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
We or our third-party suppliers may fail to maintain, obtain or renew or may experience material delays in obtaining
requisite governmental or other approvals, licenses and permits for the conduct of our business.
We and our third­party suppliers require various governmental, environmental, mining and other approvals, licenses,
permits, concessions and certificates in the conduct of our business and operations of our facilities. We and our
third­party suppliers may encounter significant problems in obtaining new or renewing existing approvals, licenses,
permits, concessions and certificates and may need to expend significant capital to ensure we continue to satisfy the
current or new conditions to such approvals, licenses, permits, concessions and certificates that we currently have or
may be granted in the future. There may also be delays on the part of regulatory and administrative bodies in reviewing
our applications and granting approvals which we cannot control.
We make efforts to maintain good long­term relationships and continuous communication with cities and neighboring
communities where we operate; however, such communities may develop interests or objectives which are different
from, or even in conflict with, our objectives, which could result in legal or administrative proceedings, protests,
negative media coverage, direct action or campaigns, including, but not limited to, requests for the government to
revoke or deny our concessions, licenses or other permits to operate. This could delay our ability to obtain the related
approvals, licenses, permits, concessions and certificates, or could result in us not being able to obtain them at all.
In addition, implementation of new laws and regulations on environmental matters in the Amrize Territories or in the
countries from which our third­party suppliers source the materials they deliver to us could delay our ability to obtain
the related approvals, licenses, permits, concessions and certificates, or could result in us not being able to obtain them
at all. If previously obtained approvals, licenses, permits and certificates are revoked and/or if we or our third­party
suppliers fail to obtain and/or maintain the necessary approvals, licenses, permits, concessions and certificates required
for the conduct of our business, we may be required to incur substantial costs or temporarily suspend or alter the
operation of one or more of our facilities, mineral extraction locations or of any relevant component of them, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
Further, title to, and the area of, mineral properties and water rights may be disputed. Mineral properties sometimes
contain claims or transfer histories that examiners cannot verify. A successful claim that we do not have title to one or
more of our properties or lack appropriate water rights could cause us to lose any rights to explore, develop and extract
any minerals or utilize water on that property, without compensation for our prior expenditures relating to such property.
Our business may suffer a material adverse effect in the event one or more of our properties are determined to have title
deficiencies. In some instances, we have received access rights or easements from third parties, which allow for a more
efficient operation than would exist without the access or easement. A third party could take action to suspend such
access or easement, and any such action could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial
condition.

A­24

Amrize Ltd
We are subject to litigation proceedings, including, but not limited to, government investigations relating to antitrust
and other proceedings, that could harm our business and our reputation.
From time to time, we are and may become involved in litigation, investigations and other legal or administrative
proceedings relating to claims arising from our operations or arising from violations or alleged violations of laws,
regulations or acts. Investigations and litigation, and in general any legal or administrative proceedings, are subject to
inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings may occur. Defending ourselves against such lawsuits and invitations
can prove costly and divert management’s attention, which could materially adversely affect our business. Regulatory
matters and legal proceedings may harm our reputation or affect our ability to conduct our business in the manner that
we expect. We may incur substantial costs to settle such matters. In addition, an adverse ruling in any legal proceeding
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
Our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
Our operations are subject to a broad range of environmental laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which
we operate. See ‘‘Business—Regulatory Matters.’’ These laws and regulations impose stringent environmental
protection standards, which in recent years have become and in the future are expected to continue becoming,
progressively stricter regarding, among other things, air emissions (including greenhouse gas emissions), land use and
biodiversity, use of alternative fuels, water availability, wastewater discharges, the use and handling of hazardous waste
or materials, disclosures and reporting obligations related to the use and handling of hazardous materials, and the
remediation of environmental impacts from our operations.
These environmental laws and regulations expose us to the risk of substantial costs and liabilities, including, among
other things, taxes, higher investment in equipment and technology, administrative, civil and criminal fines and other
sanctions, the payment of compensation to third parties, removal and remediation costs, business disruption and
damage to reputation. Under these laws and regulations, we could also be liable for costs of investigation, damages to
and loss of use of natural resources, loss of profits or impairment of earning capacity, property damages, costs of
increased public services and the issuance of orders enjoining future operations. Certain environmental statutes impose
strict joint and several liability for costs required to clean up and restore sites where hazardous substances or other waste
products have been disposed of or otherwise released. Moreover, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and
other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property or natural resources damage allegedly caused by the
release of hazardous substances or other waste products into the environment.
Under certain environmental laws and regulations, liability associated with investigation or remediation of hazardous
substances can arise at a broad range of properties, including properties currently or formerly owned or operated by us,
as well as facilities at which any hazardous substances or wastes generated by us were sent for treatment, storage or
disposal, or any areas affected while any hazardous substances or wastes were transported. Such laws and regulations
may apply without regard to fault, causation or knowledge of contamination. We occasionally evaluate various
alternatives with respect to our facilities, including possible dispositions or closures. Investigations undertaken in
connection with these activities (or ongoing operational or construction activities) may lead to hazardous substance
releases or discoveries of historical contamination that must be remediated, and closures of facilities may trigger
compliance requirements that are not applicable to operating facilities. Compliance with these laws and regulations
could adversely affect our operations in the future. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that existing or future
circumstances or developments with respect to the impact of our operations will not require us to make significant
remediation or restoration expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
liquidity and results of operations.
The cement manufacturing process requires the combustion of large amounts of fuel and creates carbon dioxide as a
by­product of the calcination process. While we expect to meet all emissions standards in the areas in which we operate,
we estimate that we will continue to incur operating costs at each plant to comply and could incur penalties if we fail to
comply.
Further, we have in the past, and may in the future, receive notices of violations for various infractions associated with
our plants. We have also in the past, and may in the future, be subject to consent decrees, which are time­consuming to
litigate and costly to remediate should it be found that we in fact violated certain federal, state, provincial or other
environmental laws and regulations. Such violations could require us to not only pay a fine but make certain upgrades
to our facilities and equipment. Further, we may be required to obtain certain operating permits under various

A­25

Amrize Ltd
environmental laws and regulations, including Title V of the U.S. Clean Air Act (‘‘CAA’’), which are timely, costly,
difficult to obtain and may subject us to public opposition, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.
While we arrange certain types of environmental impairment insurance as part of our broader corporate insurance
strategy, we cannot assure you that a given environmental incident will be covered by the environmental insurance we
have in place, or that the amount of such insurance will be sufficient to offset the liability arising from the incident. Any
such liability may be deemed to be material to us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as our reputation.
Climate change legislation or regulations, including those related to energy supply and greenhouse gas emissions,
could become increasingly stringent and may adversely affect our business operations or results of operations.
A number of governmental bodies have finalized, proposed, or are contemplating, legislative and regulatory changes in
response to the potential effects of climate change. For example, Canada has in effect a cap­and­trade system, which
imposes a dollar/carbon tax applied directly to oil and gas emissions, and has committed to reducing greenhouse gas
emissions by 30% from 2005 levels by 2030. Other governments, including state level governments in the
United States, have previously proposed and may in the future implement similar regulatory frameworks. These
climate­related goals and regulatory frameworks subject us to taxations on our emissions, as well as increased costs in
implementing ‘‘green’’ policies in our manufacturing processes.
New enforcement initiatives may also result in the need for additional investments beyond what we had projected or
expected to incur, which could result in a material decline in our profitability. Any additional regulatory restrictions on
emissions of greenhouse gases imposed by rules and regulations promulgated by the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency (the ‘‘EPA’’), the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999 (the ‘‘CEPA’’) or any state, provincial or other
laws and regulations will likely impact our cement plants. However, it is impossible to estimate the cost of any such
future requirements at this time. We may not be able to recover any increased operating costs, taxes or capital
investments relating to greenhouse gas emission limits at those plants from our customers in order to remain
competitive in pricing.
The nature of future climate change legislation and regulation (including regulation concerning greenhouse gas
emissions) is highly uncertain and difficult to estimate. However, because a chemical reaction inherent to the
manufacture of Portland cement releases carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas, cement kiln operations may be
disproportionately affected by future regulation of greenhouse gas emissions. Our cement plants, like those of other
cement operators, require combustion of significant amounts of fuel to generate high kiln temperatures and create
carbon dioxide as a product of the calcination process, which is an unavoidable step in making cement clinker.
Accordingly, we continue to closely monitor environmental regulations and their potential impact on our cement
business. There is also a potential for climate change legislation and regulation that adversely affects the cost of
purchased energy and electricity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
liquidity.
We may communicate certain initiatives and goals regarding greenhouse gas emissions and other sustainability matters
in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. The initiatives and goals we undertake may be difficult and expensive
to implement or may not advance at a pace sufficient to meet our goals, and we could be criticized for the scope,
accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure. Further, statements about our progress towards these goals may
be based on standards, internal controls and processes that are still developing, and assumptions that are subject to
change in the future. If our data, processes and reporting are inaccurate or incomplete, or if we fail to achieve progress
with respect to these goals or initiatives on a timely basis or at all, our operations and financial performance could be
adversely affected.
Increased attention to sustainability and social impact related matters and our response to these matters could
negatively affect our business.
We are subject to increasing governmental, stakeholder and societal attention to sustainability and social impact related
matters, including, among other things, climate change, air emissions, waste management, water management,
community engagement, human rights, labor, health and safety and information disclosure. Such attention may alter the
environment in which we do business and may increase the ongoing costs of compliance, assessment and reporting and

A­26

Amrize Ltd
adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. For example, the SEC has in the past
considered and may in the future adopt new disclosure requirements related to sustainability matters, such as a
requirement to disclose any climate­related risks that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on us
and describe any material expenditures incurred and material impacts on financial estimates and assumptions that result
from any mitigation or adaptation activities. In addition, we are required by the Swiss Code to publish an annual report
regarding non­financial matters including environmental matters (including goals related to carbon dioxide emissions),
social impact matters, employee­related matters, human rights and combating corruption, as well as due diligence and
reporting requirements on child labor. These and other rules that may apply to us in the future could also become more
extensive or stricter. Such requirements may be cumbersome to comply with and may divert funds and management’s
attention from other matters.
Additionally, there has been increasing scrutiny of sustainability­related claims, including frequent allegations of
incomplete, false or misleading claims with respect to the sustainable nature of operations and products. Various
regulators have adopted, or are considering adopting, regulations on the use of ‘‘sustainable,’’ ‘‘eco­friendly,’’ ‘‘green’’
or similar language in the marketing of products and services or the prevention of ‘‘greenwashing’’ more generally.
Non­compliance with, or a failure to address, the regulatory, stakeholder and societal expectations and accompanying
regulation and policy requirements (and related interpretations) may result in cost increases, fines, penalties, production
restrictions, brand or reputational damage, loss of customers, failure to retain and attract talent and investor activism.
Furthermore, in the past year, sentiment against sustainability and social impact related matters has gained momentum
across the United States, with several states and the federal government having proposed or enacted targeted policies,
legislation or initiatives or issued related legal opinions. Such policies, legislation, litigation and scrutiny could result
in us facing additional compliance obligations, becoming the subject of investigations, enforcement actions or
litigation, or sustaining reputational harm. All of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.
We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, antitrust, anti-boycott, economic sanctions,
trade embargoes and export control laws and regulations in the countries in which we do business. Any violation of
any such laws or regulations could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, liquidity and
results of operations, as well as harm our reputation.
We are subject to anti­corruption, anti­bribery, anti­money laundering, antitrust and other laws and regulations and are
required to comply with the applicable laws and regulations of the countries in which we do business. In addition, we
are subject to regulations on international trade that restrict dealings with certain sanctioned countries and territories,
individuals and entities, including regulations administered by the United States, Canada, Switzerland and other
countries in Europe in which we do business, including export control regulations, economic sanctions and trade
embargoes.
Although we have implemented policies and procedures, which include training certain groups of our employees,
seeking compliance with anti­corruption and other applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our
internal policies and procedures will be sufficient to prevent or detect all inappropriate practices, fraud or violations of
law by our affiliates, employees, directors, officers, partners, agents, contractors and service providers or that any such
persons will not take actions in violation of our policies and procedures. If we fail to comply in any material respect with
applicable laws and regulations, the relevant government authorities have the power and authority to investigate us and,
if necessary, impose fines, penalties and remedies, which could cause us to lose customers, suppliers and access to debt
and capital markets. Any violations by us, or the third parties we transact with, of anti­bribery, anti­corruption,
anti­money laundering, antitrust, anti­boycott, economic sanctions, trade embargoes and export control laws or
regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations,
as well as our reputation.
We face risks associated with our pension and other postretirement benefit plan obligations, including
multiemployer pension plans.
We sponsor a range of defined benefit pension plans, other postretirement benefit plans and defined contribution plans
in which only our employees, retirees and former employees participate. The assets and liabilities of these schemes and
plans are susceptible to significant volatility based on prevailing market conditions. Our employees also participate in
certain union­sponsored multiemployer pension plans to which we contribute along with other employers. We have

A­27

Amrize Ltd
minimal control over the management of these plans. The assets and liabilities of these plans are also susceptible to
substantial deficits arising from market conditions, business decisions, trustee decisions, plan failures and the actions
and decisions of other contributing employers. Any deficits in these plans may require us to make cash contributions to
fund unrecoverable amounts, which could impact our results of operations. See Note 15 (Pension and other
postretirement benefits) to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
We operate in multiple tax jurisdictions. Changes in tax law or its application in the jurisdictions in which we
operate, or successful challenges to our tax positions by tax authorities, could adversely affect our results of
operations and cash flow.
We conduct operations in multiple tax jurisdictions. In the ordinary course of our business, certain judgments and
estimations are required in determining our provision of income, sales, value­added and other taxes and duties
(including but not limited to stamp duties, custom duties and excise taxes) as well as employment taxes and social
security contributions. Accordingly, there may be various transactions for which the ultimate tax determination or the
timing of the tax effect is uncertain.
We are regularly audited, and our tax calculations and interpretation of tax laws are regularly reviewed by tax
authorities. We believe that we operate in compliance with our tax filing obligations and that our tax estimates are
reasonable; however, the final determination of any such tax audits or reviews could differ from our tax provisions and
accruals, and any additional tax liabilities resulting from such final determination or any interest or any penalties or any
regulatory, administrative or other sanctions relating thereto could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. We may become involved in proceedings with national or regional tax
authorities that take different views on our tax positions. While we attempt to assess in advance the likelihood of adverse
judgments or outcomes to these proceedings or claims, it is difficult to predict final outcomes with certainty. Adverse
outcomes in any such tax proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.
Additionally, the integrated nature of our operations can produce conflicting claims from tax authorities in different
countries as to the profits to be taxed in the individual countries (including claims of tax residence or permanent
establishment). While the main jurisdictions in which we operate have double tax treaties with other foreign
jurisdictions, which provide a framework for mitigating the impact of double taxation on our revenues and capital gains,
efforts to resolve conflicting claims can be very lengthy and costly, without certainty that double taxation may be
avoided.
The tax laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate generally require that transfer prices between affiliated companies
in different jurisdictions be the same as those between unrelated companies dealing at arm’s length, and that such prices
be supported by contemporaneous documentation. While we aim to operate in compliance with applicable transfer
pricing laws, our transfer pricing procedures are not binding on applicable tax authorities and could be challenged by
tax authorities. If our intercompany transactions were to be successfully challenged as not reflecting arm’s length
transactions, we could be required to adjust such transfer prices and thereby reallocate part of our income to reflect these
revised transfer prices, which could result in a higher overall tax liability to us, and possibly interest and penalties.
In recent years, international tax regulations and initiatives have led to increased focus on tax transparency and
international exchange of information between tax authorities. In this context, the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development first introduced its Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (‘‘BEPS’’) Action Plan to address
issues relating to aggressive tax planning and cross­border taxation, with a specific focus on transfer pricing. The BEPS
project has been further expanded and is organized around a two­pillar approach implementing (i) a new right to tax
companies regardless of physical presence in the applicable jurisdiction (Pillar One) and (ii) a global minimum effective
tax rate (Pillar Two) which has been implemented in the meantime by Switzerland and by certain other jurisdictions in
which we operate, such as Canada. Such taxes in Switzerland and other jurisdictions in which we operate have impacted
and may continue to impact us adversely and have led to and may continue to lead to a higher tax compliance burden
for us.
Further, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the ‘‘IRA’’) includes a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax for certain
large corporations and a 1% excise tax on certain share repurchases by U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations (including repurchases conducted by such foreign corporations that are treated as funded by such
U.S. domestic subsidiaries for purposes of the excise tax). If we become subject to additional taxes under the IRA or
otherwise, our financial condition and our operations could be negatively impacted.

A­28

Amrize Ltd
In general, tax reform initiatives, including with respect to tax rates, transfer pricing, intercompany dividends, cross
border transactions and limitations on tax relief for interest on intercompany debt, as well as the global minimum
effective tax rate under OECD Pillar Two, could increase our compliance and administrative costs and could lead to an
increased risk of international and domestic tax disputes and an increase in our effective tax rate, and could adversely
affect our financial condition.
In 2022, representatives from the governments of Switzerland and the United States announced an intention to
commence negotiations regarding potential revisions to the tax treaty between Switzerland and the United States that is
currently in force. Any such revisions could have potentially adverse effects on us and our U.S. shareholders, including
by increasing the taxes imposed on our operations or payments made by us (including distributions) by, for example,
increasing the rates of withholding taxes imposed on entities in our ownership structure (including with respect to
payments made from the United States to Switzerland) or otherwise changing the manner in which a holder qualifies for
the benefits of the treaty.
Risks Relating to the Ownership of Company Shares
The market price and trading volume of the Company Shares may fluctuate significantly.
The price at which Company Shares trade may fluctuate significantly. The market price of Company Shares may
fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including:
•

our business profile, market capitalization or capital allocation policies may cause a shift in our investor base;

•

the localization of the trading of Company Shares on either NYSE or the SIX;

•

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;

•

changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates;

•

our ability to meet our forward looking guidance;

•

the operating and share price performance of other comparable companies;

•

overall market fluctuations and domestic and worldwide economic conditions;

•

regulatory or legal developments in the United States, Switzerland and other countries;

•

changes in tax laws; and

•

other factors described in these ‘‘Risk Factors’’ and elsewhere in this Annual Report.

Stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a
particular company. Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of Company Shares,
regardless of our operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s
securities, shareholder derivative lawsuits and/or securities class action litigation has often been instituted against such
company. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s
attention and resources, and in turn materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
We cannot guarantee the timing, amount or payment of dividends on Company Shares.
While we expect to pay dividends, it will (subject to the requirements under Swiss law) fall within the discretion of our
Board of Directors to propose to shareholders the timing and amount of any future dividends on Company Shares. There
can be no assurance that we will pay or declare dividends in the future. Under Swiss law, we may only pay dividends
if (i) we have sufficient net income from the immediately preceding fiscal year, (ii) we have brought forward net income
from prior fiscal years and/or (iii) we have otherwise freely distributable reserves, each as evidenced by our audited
annual standalone financial statements prepared pursuant to Swiss law, after allocations of net income to statutory
retained earnings as required by Swiss law and by our Articles of Association. Additionally, any decision by our Board
of Directors to propose to shareholders the payment of a dividend will depend on many factors, such as our financial
condition, earnings, corporate strategy, credit rating, capital requirements, debt service obligations, debt covenants,
industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that our Board of Directors deems
relevant. Additionally, the declaration, timing and amount of any dividends to be paid by us following the Distribution
will be subject to approval by our shareholders at the relevant general meeting of shareholders. Our ability to pay

A­29

Amrize Ltd
dividends will depend on our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access to the capital markets. We
cannot guarantee that we will pay a dividend in the future or pay any further dividend if we have paid dividends at some
point.
Dividends on Company Shares may subject our shareholders to Swiss withholding tax.
Dividends paid on Company Shares are generally subject to Swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35% on any amount that
cannot be allocated to (i) share capital (as reported on our annual standalone financial statements prepared pursuant to
Swiss law) (i.e., result from a reduction of the nominal amount (par value) of the Company Shares) or (ii) capital
reserves from tax capital contributions (as reported on our annual standalone financial statements prepared pursuant to
Swiss law and recognized as such by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration). Swiss listed companies such as the
Company are only permitted to allocate up to 50% of any dividend to capital reserves from tax capital contributions
(unless the distribution is made out of the ‘‘foreign’’ capital reserves from tax capital contributions), and the remaining
portion of any dividend will be allocated to other reserves (to the extent the Company has such reserves) and will thus
be subject to Swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35%.
Additionally, there can be no assurance that our shareholders will approve a dividend out of capital reserves from tax
capital contributions. As of December 31, 2025, we have $2,163 million of capital reserves from tax capital
contributions available. Because Swiss listed companies such as the Company are required to allocate at least 50% of
the purchase price (less the nominal amount (par value) of such repurchased Company Shares) for Company Shares
repurchased for cancellation to capital reserves from tax capital contributions, any repurchases of Company Shares
would reduce the amount of capital reserves from tax capital contributions available for dividend distributions without
the deduction of the Swiss withholding tax.
It is also possible that Swiss withholding tax rules will be changed in the future or that a change in Swiss law will
adversely affect us or our shareholders, in particular as a result of distributions out of capital reserves from tax capital
contributions becoming subject to additional corporate law or other restrictions. If we are unable to allocate any portion
of a dividend to share capital (i.e., reduce the nominal amount (par value) of the Company Shares) or capital reserves
from tax capital contributions, we will not be able to make distributions without subjecting our shareholders to Swiss
withholding tax.
The price of Company Shares and the Swiss franc value of any dividends may be negatively affected by fluctuations
in the U.S. dollar/Swiss franc exchange rate.
Company Shares trade on NYSE in U.S. dollars and on the SIX in Swiss francs. Accordingly, the value of Company
Shares may be affected by fluctuations in the U.S. dollar/Swiss franc exchange rate. In addition, since any dividends we
declare will be denominated in U.S. dollars, exchange rate fluctuations will affect the Swiss franc equivalent of
dividends received by holders of Company Shares. If the value of the U.S. dollar decreases against the Swiss franc, the
price at which Company Shares listed on the SIX may—and the value of the Swiss franc equivalent of any dividend
will—decrease accordingly.
Swiss law imposes certain restrictions on our ability to repurchase our shares.
Swiss law limits our ability to hold or repurchase Company Shares. We and our subsidiaries may only repurchase
Company Shares to the extent that (i) we have freely distributable reserves in the amount of the purchase price (as
reported on our annual standalone financial statements prepared pursuant to Swiss law) and (ii) the aggregate nominal
amount (par value) of all Company Shares held by the Company and its subsidiaries does not exceed 10% of our share
capital (excluding any treasury shares dedicated for cancellation pursuant to a shareholder­ratified repurchase program)
registered in the Zug Commercial Register. As a result, should we choose to repurchase Company Shares in the future,
our shareholders would be required to periodically approve, or authorize the Board of Directors to effect, a reduction in
our share capital through the cancellation of designated blocks of repurchased shares held in treasury and may from time
to time, as necessary, in a separate vote, have to approve share repurchase programs. If our shareholders do not approve
the cancellation of repurchased shares or, if necessary, approve a proposed share repurchase program, we may be unable
to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases.
Repurchases of Company Shares could be subject to Swiss and U.S. tax.
The repurchase of Company Shares for cancellation is treated as a partial liquidation for tax purposes, and the proceeds
from any repurchase of Company Shares are generally subject to Swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35% on any amount

A­30

Amrize Ltd
that cannot be allocated to share capital (as reported on our annual standalone financial statements prepared pursuant to
Swiss law) or capital reserves from tax capital contributions (as reported on our annual standalone financial statements
prepared pursuant to Swiss law and recognized as such by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration). Swiss listed
companies such as the Company are required to allocate at least 50% of the purchase price (less the nominal amount (par
value) of such repurchased Company Shares) for Company Shares repurchased for cancellation to capital reserves from
tax capital contributions (to the extent available) which would reduce the amount of capital reserves from tax capital
contributions available for dividend distributions without the deduction of the Swiss withholding tax. As of
December 31, 2025, we have $2,163 million of capital reserves from tax capital contributions available after the
Distribution. While the repurchase of Company Shares for purposes other than for cancellation (such as to retain the
repurchased Company Shares as treasury shares for use in connection with acquisitions, equity incentive plans,
convertible debt or other instruments) would generally not be subject to Swiss withholding tax, the repurchase of
Company Shares for purposes other than cancellation would also be treated as a partial liquidation for tax purposes if
we repurchase Company Shares in excess of certain thresholds or if we fail to sell or reissue such Company Shares
within the applicable time period after the repurchase.
In most instances, Swiss companies with shares listed on the SIX will repurchase shares for cancellation through a
second trading line on the SIX. On the second trading line, the Swiss withholding tax of 35% is deducted from the
portion of the purchase price that is subject to Swiss withholding tax as required by Swiss tax laws, and certain
shareholders may subsequently apply for a full or partial refund of this Swiss withholding tax. Should we repurchase
Company Shares without such deduction of the Swiss withholding tax of 35% (for example, in the case of a repurchase
on an ordinary trading line), we would have to pay the grossed­up Swiss withholding tax (53.8%) upon cancellation of
the repurchased Company Shares.
In addition, on August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the IRA, which includes an excise tax on certain share
repurchases by certain publicly traded foreign corporations. This excise tax is currently 1% and may increase in the
future. If repurchases of Company Shares cause us to be subject to the excise tax, our financial condition and our
operations could be negatively impacted, and we may be restricted or unable to return capital to shareholders through
share repurchases.
Certain provisions of our Articles of Association and Swiss law may limit our flexibility to raise capital, issue
dividends and otherwise manage ongoing capital needs.
The rights of our shareholders are governed by Swiss law and our Articles of Association. Swiss law requires approval
by shareholders for certain corporate actions over which a board of directors would have authority in some other
jurisdictions. For example, Swiss law provides that the payment of dividends and other distributions and the
cancellation of treasury shares must be approved or authorized by shareholders. Swiss law also requires that our
shareholders resolve to, or authorize our Board of Directors to, increase our share capital. While shareholders may
authorize a board of directors to increase or reduce the company’s share capital by introducing a capital band into the
company’s articles of incorporation, Swiss law limits this capital band to between 50% and 150% of our issued share
capital (as registered in the Zug Commercial Register) at the time of the introduction of the capital band. The capital
band, furthermore, has a limited duration of up to five years unless renewed by shareholders (by the affirmative vote of
holders of at least two­thirds of the votes represented at a general meeting of shareholders) from time to time. According
to our Articles of Association, our Board of Directors is authorized to increase our share capital to a maximum of
$6,802,506.15 and/or reduce it to a minimum of $5,101,879.62 without a shareholder vote. However, this capital band
authorization will expire on May 15, 2030, at which point a new capital band must be approved by shareholders before
our Board of Directors may increase and/or reduce our share capital under a capital band.
Additionally, Swiss law grants preemptive rights to existing shareholders to subscribe for new issuances of shares and
advance subscription rights for convertible bonds or similar instruments with conversion or option rights.
Swiss law also does not provide as much flexibility in the various terms that can attach to different classes of shares as
the laws of some other jurisdictions. These Swiss law requirements relating to our capital management may limit our
flexibility, and situations may arise where greater flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our
shareholders.

A­31

Amrize Ltd
In addition to being listed on NYSE, Company Shares are also listed on the SIX. Therefore, holders of Company
Shares are subject to Swiss financial market rules and regulations that may make certain acquisition bids for
Company Shares more difficult. In addition, certain provisions in our Articles of Association may limit or preclude
your ability to exercise control over us.
Swiss law provides certain protections for shareholders of a Swiss company with shares listed on a Swiss stock
exchange. In particular, the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Market Infrastructures and Market Conduct in Securities
and Derivatives Trading of 19 June 2015 (the ‘‘FinMIA’’) and its implementing ordinances require that persons who
directly, indirectly or in concert with other parties acquire or dispose of Company Shares or purchase or sell rights
relating to Company Shares, and thereby, directly, indirectly or in concert with other parties reach, exceed or fall below
certain thresholds of the Company’s voting rights (whether exercisable or not), must notify the Company and the SIX of
such transactions in writing within four trading days.
In addition, pursuant to the applicable provisions of the FinMIA, if any person (or group of persons acting in concert
within the meaning of art. 121 FinMIA) directly or indirectly acquires equity securities which, together with equity
securities already owned by such person or group of persons, exceed 1/3 of the voting rights (whether exercisable or not)
of a Swiss company that has shares listed on a Swiss stock exchange, that person or group of persons is required to
launch a mandatory tender offer to acquire all of the listed equity securities of the company.
This tender offer must meet certain requirements including the ‘‘minimum price rule’’ and the ‘‘best price rule,’’ which
are generally aimed at preventing an acquiror from acquiring a controlling stake without making an offer to acquire the
listed equity securities from all shareholders at the same price. A company’s articles of association may provide that the
relevant provisions of the FinMIA do not apply (‘‘opting­out’’), or raise the relevant threshold to up to 49% of the
company’s voting rights (‘‘opting­up’’). However, our Articles of Association do not contain an opting­out or opting­up
provision.
Our Articles of Association will contain provisions that are intended to limit your ability to exercise control over us. For
example, our Articles of Association provide that, until the conclusion of the annual general meeting of shareholders in
2028, no person (or group of persons acting in concert within the meaning of art. 121 FinMIA) may be registered in the
Company Share Register with voting rights with respect to 20% or more of the Company’s share capital (as registered
in the Zug Commercial Register) or, even if registered in the Company Share Register with voting rights, may exercise,
directly or indirectly (including by proxy), voting rights with respect to Company Shares representing more than 20% of
the Company’s share capital (as registered in the Zug Commercial Register), in each case subject to certain exceptions
(such as for central securities depositaries and their nominees). Shareholders linked to one another pursuant to an
agreement or otherwise within the meaning of art. 121 FinMIA are counted together as a group of persons acting in
concert.
In addition, our Articles of Association will provide that our Board of Directors is authorized to issue new Company
Shares through the capital band or conditional share capital, withdraw or limit the subscription rights or preemptive
rights of shareholders and allocate such rights to third parties as a defense of an actual, threatened or potential takeover
bid. A removal of these restrictions requires the approval of two­thirds of the votes represented at a general meeting of
shareholders.
These rules under Swiss law and our Articles of Association may make an unsolicited tender offer or other acquisition
of controlling stakes in the Company more difficult. These provisions could discourage potential takeover attempts that
some shareholders may consider to be in their interest.
We are a Swiss corporation. Therefore, the rights provided to our shareholders may differ in certain aspects from the
rights that would typically be enjoyed by shareholders of a U.S. corporation.
Swiss law and our Articles of Association may not grant our shareholders certain of the rights and protections generally
afforded to shareholders of U.S. corporations. In particular, Swiss corporate law limits the ability of a shareholder to
challenge resolutions or actions of the board of directors in court. Under Swiss law, shareholders generally cannot bring
a suit to reverse a decision by the board of directors, but may seek damages for breaches of duty. Furthermore, remedies
against transactions involving conflicts of interest or other procedural flaws may be limited if a claimant cannot prove
that the benefits inuring to us are manifestly disproportionate to the consideration rendered in return.
We could be subject to actions or proposals from shareholders that do not align with our business strategies or the
interests of our other shareholders.

A­32

Amrize Ltd
While we seek to actively engage with shareholders and consider their views on business, strategy, and environmental,
social and governance issues, responding to these shareholders could be costly and time­consuming, disrupt our
business and operations, and divert the attention of our Board of Directors and senior management. Uncertainties
associated with such activities could interfere with our ability to effectively execute our strategic plan, impact customer
retention and long­term growth, and limit our ability to hire and retain personnel. In addition, actions of these
shareholders may cause periods of fluctuation in the price of Company Shares based on temporary or speculative market
perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business.
Your percentage of ownership in us may be diluted in the future.
We may choose to raise additional capital in the future, depending on market conditions or strategic considerations. To
the extent that additional capital is raised through the issuance of equity securities or other securities that are convertible
into equity securities, the issuance may dilute your proportional holding of Company Shares. The equity securities we
issue in any future capital raising transaction may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your
rights as a shareholder.
Your percentage ownership in us may, in particular, be diluted because of equity issuances for acquisitions, capital
market transactions or otherwise, including, without limitation, equity awards that we may grant to our directors,
officers and employees using conditional share capital provided for in our Articles of Association for employee
participation plans. Certain of our employees will have rights to purchase or receive Company Shares after the
Distribution as a result of the conversion of their Holcim Equity Awards into equity awards denominated in Company
Shares. We expect to grant additional equity awards denominated in or relating to Company Shares to our employees
and directors after the Spin­Off. Company Shares for such awards may also be issued under the capital band that is
limited to 120% of our issued share capital (as registered in the Zug Commercial Register) on the Ex­Dividend Date.
These additional awards will have a dilutive effect on our earnings per Company Share, which could adversely affect
the market price of Company Shares.
Shareholders may not be able to exercise preemptive rights in future issuances of equity or other securities that are
convertible into equity.
Under Swiss law, shareholders may receive certain preemptive rights to subscribe on a pro rata basis to issuances of
equity or other securities that are convertible into equity. Due to laws and regulations in their respective jurisdictions,
however, non­Swiss shareholders may not be able to exercise such rights unless we take action to register or otherwise
qualify the rights offering under the laws of such shareholders’ jurisdiction. We cannot give any assurance that we will
register or otherwise qualify the offering of subscription rights or shares under the law of any jurisdiction where the
offering of such rights is restricted. If shareholders in such jurisdictions were unable to exercise their subscription rights,
their ownership interest in us would be diluted.
The obligations associated with being a standalone public company require significant resources and management
attention.
We are directly subject to reporting and other obligations under the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes­Oxley Act, the
Dodd­Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC, as well as Swiss
law requirements and the rules and regulations of the SIX. As a public company, we are required to:
•

prepare and distribute periodic reports, proxy statements and other shareholder communications in
compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and rules as well as Swiss laws and SIX requirements;

•

have our own Board of Directors and committees thereof, which comply with U.S. federal securities laws and
rules and NYSE requirements, as well as Swiss corporate law;

•

maintain an internal audit function;

•

institute our own financial reporting and disclosure compliance functions;

•

institute our own non­financial reporting and disclosure compliance functions;

•

establish an investor relations function; and

•

establish internal policies, including those relating to trading in our securities and disclosure controls and
procedures.

A­33

Amrize Ltd
These reporting and other obligations will continue to place significant demands on our management, diverting their
time and attention from sales­generating activities to compliance activities, and require increased administrative and
operational costs and expenses that we did not incur prior to the Spin­Off, which could adversely affect our business,
results of operations or financial condition. Our accounting and management resources may not be adequately prepared
to meet these obligations. See ‘‘—Risks Relating to the Spin­Off—If we are unable to implement and maintain an
effective system of internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and
completeness of our financial reports and the market price of Company Shares could be adversely affected.’’
The listing of Company Shares on both NYSE and the SIX require us to comply with the listing, reporting and other
regulations for each exchange, which may have different standards and requirements.
Holders of Company Shares may not be able to exercise certain shareholder rights if they are not registered as
shareholders of record on the Company Share Register.
We issue Company Shares as uncertificated securities which are either held in the name of Cede & Co. through the
Depository Trust Company, the U.S. central securities depositary (‘‘DTC’’), or directly registered on the Company
Share Register. Given that Company Shares are primarily held through DTC, the U.S. central securities depositary,
SIX SIS will not serve as the primary central securities depositary for Company Shares, and any Company Shares held
through SIX SIS, including those received in the Distribution, will be derivatives of Company Shares held through
DTC. Therefore, and contrary to the practice at Parent and other Swiss companies with shares listed on the SIX,
Company Shares will not be eligible for the system of SIX SIS (AREG­Data) that allows for the automated registration
of a company’s shareholders in the company’s share register. Accordingly, holders of Company Shares are not
registered as holders of record of Company Shares on the Company Share Register in an automated manner. Rather,
holders of Company Shares have to contact their bank or broker, which in turn will have to move their Company Shares
out of DTC and register them directly on the Company Share Register. It may be difficult to make such arrangements
with banks or brokers that are unfamiliar with DTC’s practices or if Company Shares are held by investors outside the
United States.
In relation to the Company, only those shareholders directly registered in the Company Share Register are recognized
as shareholders. Voting rights may only be exercised by holders of Company Shares registered with voting rights in the
Company Share Register. While holders of Company Shares who are not registered as shareholders of record on the
Company Share Register will be able to receive dividends and in certain cases, if duly authorized by a proxy issued by
the relevant holder of record and depending on their bank or broker, vote their Company Shares at general meetings of
shareholders, certain other shareholder rights (such as the right to request that a general meeting of shareholders be
called, the right to put items on the agenda of a general meeting of shareholders, the right to sue our corporate bodies,
or the right to inspect our books and records) will not be available to such holders of Company Shares who are not
registered as shareholders of record on the Company Share Register.
U.S. shareholders may not be able to obtain judgments or enforce civil liabilities against us or our executive officers
or members of our Board of Directors.
We are organized under the laws of Switzerland and our jurisdiction of incorporation is Switzerland. In addition, certain
of our directors and executive officers (including Mr. Jenisch, Mr. Brouwer, Mr. Oleas, Mr. Poletti, Ms. Roth Pellanda
and Ms. Wilbur) reside outside the United States. Certain of our assets and the assets of such persons are located in
Switzerland or other jurisdictions outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect
service of process within the United States upon us or upon such persons, obtain documents or other discovery in
connection with any legal proceedings against such persons in the United States or enforce judgments obtained in
U.S. courts against such persons.
In addition, judgments obtained in the United States or other jurisdictions may not be enforceable in Switzerland,
including because a Swiss court may conclude that a foreign court does not have jurisdiction with respect to corporate
matters, such as directors’ liability claims, due to the exclusive forum clause in our Articles of Association. Further,
there is doubt as to the enforceability in Switzerland of original actions, or in actions for enforcement of judgments of
U.S. courts, of civil liabilities to the extent predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal and state securities
laws of the United States. Some remedies available under the laws of U.S. jurisdictions, including some remedies
available under the U.S. federal securities laws, may not be allowed in Swiss courts as contrary to public policy. Also,
provisions of Swiss law may be applicable regardless of any other law that would otherwise apply.

A­34

Amrize Ltd
Our Articles of Association contain an exclusive forum provision that could limit a shareholder’s ability to bring a
claim in a judicial forum that the shareholder believes is favorable for such disputes and may discourage lawsuits
against us and any of our directors, officers or other employees.
Our Articles of Association will provide that, except as set forth below, the exclusive forum for any disputes arising from
company matters (including but not limited to disputes between individual shareholders and the Company or its
corporate bodies, as well as between the Company and its corporate bodies, or between the corporate bodies
themselves) is at the registered seat of the Company in Zug, Switzerland. The exclusive forum for any disputes arising
under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and any rules and regulations promulgated thereunder is the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York, except that if the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York does not have jurisdiction over the claims assigned to it, any other federal district court of the
United States of America may hear such claims. This exclusive forum provision may limit a shareholder’s ability to
bring a claim in a judicial forum that the shareholder believes is favorable for such disputes and may discourage lawsuits
against us and any of our directors, officers or other employees. However, a court could also find our forum selection
provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable and, accordingly, we could be required to litigate claims in multiple
jurisdictions, incur additional costs or otherwise not receive the benefits that we expect our forum selection provisions
to provide.
Risks Relating to the Spin-Off
We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Spin-Off, and the Spin-Off may adversely impact our
business.
We may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the Spin­Off on a timely
basis or at all. The Spin­Off was expected to provide the following benefits, among others:
•

greater strategic focus of financial resources and management’s efforts;

•

direct and differentiated access to capital resources;

•

value creation by offering separate investment opportunities;

•

improved ability to use stock as an acquisition currency; and

•

improved management incentive tools.

We may not achieve these and other anticipated benefits for a variety of reasons, including, among others: (a) our share
price may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other events particular to the Amrize business than if we were
still a part of Holcim; and (b) following the Spin­Off, our operational and financial profile has changed such that our
diversification of revenue sources across multiple geographic markets has diminished, and our results of operations,
cash flows, working capital and financing requirements may be subject to greater volatility than they were prior to the
Spin­Off. Additionally, we may experience unanticipated competitive developments, including changes in the
conditions of the markets in which we operate, that could negate the expected benefits from the Spin­Off. If we do not
realize some or all of the benefits expected to result from the Spin­Off, or if such benefits are delayed, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted.
The non-recurring and recurring costs of the Spin-Off may be greater than we expected.
We have incurred, and expect to incur, non­recurring costs associated with the establishment of Amrize as a standalone
public company (such as rebranding costs, employee­related costs (i.e., recruitment and relocation expenses) and costs
to establish certain standalone functions). We expect that non­recurring costs related to the establishment of Amrize as
a standalone public company will be approximately $80 million in aggregate. Through 2025, we have incurred
$43 million and we expect to incur the remaining non­recurring costs primarily over the next 12 to 24 months. As a
standalone public company, we have incurred, and expect to continue incurring costs required to operate new functions
as a public company (such as executive leadership compensation, accounting and financial reporting, compliance and
regulatory, human resources, information technology, marketing and communications, insurance and other operating
costs). We also have incurred financing costs in connection with the Separation. If we are unable to transition effectively
or within the envisaged time frame, we may incur temporary interruptions in business operations. The costs of the
Separation, whether incurred before or after the Spin­Off, may be significantly greater than anticipated. In addition, any

A­35

Amrize Ltd
delay in separating and implementing, or any operational interruptions suffered while separating and implementing, our
information technology infrastructure could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
We have limited history operating as an independent, publicly traded company, and our financial information is not
necessarily representative of the results that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company and
therefore may not be a reliable indicator of our future results.
We have only operated as an independent company since June 23, 2025, the effective date of the Distribution. We have
historically operated as wholly­owned subsidiaries of Holcim, and the results of the our business were historically
consolidated under Holcim and reported under its North America and Solutions & Products segments. We have limited
operating history as a standalone company. As a result, separate financial statements have not historically been prepared
for us. Our historical financial information in this Annual Report have been derived from the consolidated financial
statements and historical accounting records of Holcim. Accordingly, such historical financial information may not
reflect what our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows would have been had we been a standalone
company during the periods presented or what our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be in
the future. In particular, as part of Holcim, we historically benefited from certain functions performed by Holcim such
as accounting and financial reporting, treasury, tax, legal, human resources, information technology, insurance,
employee benefits and other general and administrative functions. Following the Spin­Off, Holcim does not perform
these functions for us other than certain functions that are being provided for a limited time pursuant to the Transition
Services Agreement.
Although we have entered into certain agreements with Holcim in connection with the Spin­Off pursuant to which
Holcim performs certain functions for a limited time pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement, these arrangements
do not fully capture the benefits that we have enjoyed as a result of being integrated with Holcim. As a result of us being
a standalone public company on a smaller scale, our costs of performing these functions are estimated to be higher than
the amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this
Annual Report.
If we are unable to implement and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, investors
could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of Company
Shares could be adversely affected.
As a standalone public company, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes­Oxley Act of 2002 (the ‘‘Sarbanes­Oxley
Act’’), we will be required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses
in our internal control, as well as to furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting starting with our second Annual Report on Form 10­K.
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. A
material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company’s annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company’s internal controls.
Our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report were prepared on a ‘‘carve­out’’ basis
and in accordance with U.S. GAAP and have been derived from the consolidated financial statements and historical
accounting records of Holcim, which were prepared under IFRS.
As we were a wholly­owned subsidiary of Holcim and had no prior operating history as a standalone company prior to
the Spin­Off, including reporting under U.S. GAAP, we had identified a material weakness in the design and operation
of our internal control over financial reporting related to insufficient accounting and supervisory personnel who have
the appropriate level of U.S. GAAP technical accounting experience and training. In response to this material weakness,
we have hired and utilized additional U.S. GAAP qualified personnel within our financial reporting function to assist
with the preparation and review of our financial statements and we are currently implementing additional controls for
that purpose.
Also, as part of our remediation we may identify additional material weaknesses. The process of designing,
implementing and testing the internal control over financial reporting required to comply with requirements of

A­36

Amrize Ltd
Section 404 of the Sarbanes­Oxley Act is complex, time­consuming and costly. If we identify additional material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be
adversely affected, potentially resulting in restatements of our consolidated financial statements.
If we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes­Oxley Act in a timely manner or to
assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting
firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors
could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of Company
Shares could be adversely affected. We could also become subject to investigations by the SEC or other regulatory
authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources.
The transitional services Holcim has agreed to provide to us may not be sufficient for our needs. In addition, Holcim
may fail to perform under various transaction agreements have been executed as part of the Separation, which may
create risks to the protection and value of our trade secrets, or we may fail to have necessary systems and services in
place when Holcim is no longer obligated to provide services under the various agreements.
Each of the Separation and Distribution Agreement and related ancillary agreements entered into in connection with the
Spin­Off (the ‘‘the Ancillary Agreements’’) provide for the performance by each of us and Holcim for the benefit of the
other for a period of time after the Spin­Off.
We rely on Holcim to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. If Holcim is unable to
satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations in favor of us, we could incur
operational difficulties or losses. If we do not have in place our own systems and services, and do not have agreements
with other providers of these services when the Transition Services Agreement or other Ancillary Agreements
terminate, or if we do not implement the new systems or replace Holcim’s services successfully, we may not be able to
operate our business effectively, which could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. These systems and services may also be more expensive to
install, implement and operate, or less efficient or effective than the systems and services Holcim is expected to provide
during the transition period. After the Transition Services Agreement and other Ancillary Agreements terminate,
Holcim will no longer pay us for certain services and rights we provide to Holcim, and accordingly, our cost of carrying
the assets used to provide such services and rights may increase.
After the expiration of our rights to continue to use the ‘‘Holcim’’ brand, ‘‘Lafarge’’ brand and other product or service
brands owned by Holcim following the Spin­Off, we may not be able to replace the use of such brands with new brands
that are as familiar to, or positively viewed by, our customers, service providers, investors and other applicable
third­party stakeholders, which could materially and adversely affect our businesses. Additionally, as disclosed above,
we rely on our intellectual property, including trade secrets, to protect and differentiate our products and services, and
Holcim may have had access to some or all of such trade secrets prior to the Spin­Off by virtue of our affiliated
relationship. Holcim also has certain rights to own and/or use certain such trade secrets following the Spin­Off, as
discussed further in ‘‘Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions—Agreements with Holcim.’’ These
agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure or misappropriation of our trade secrets, know­how or other
proprietary information, and we may not have adequate remedies for any disclosure or misappropriation of our trade
secrets, know­how or other proprietary information in violation of these agreements.
Further, we will grant Holcim a license to use certain of our intellectual property and technologies, in certain markets
following the Spin­Off, as discussed further in ‘‘Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions—Agreements
with Parent,’’ and we may offer the same or similar product and/or service offerings, and use the same or similar
intellectual property and technologies, in the same or other markets and for the same or related product and/or service
offerings as Holcim. Although Holcim may conduct its business, and offer products and/or services, under different
names or brands than us, the similarity in our and Holcim’s product and/or service offerings, as well as the similarity in
the intellectual property and technology related thereto, may create additional risk exposure related to product safety,
quality and sustainability, among other potential risks, including risks to our intellectual property and our reputation. If
Holcim fails to maintain appropriate quality standards and other controls with respect to product and/or service
offerings, and intellectual property and technology related thereto, such issues or conduct by Holcim could materially
and adversely affect our similar product and/or service offerings, and intellectual property and technology related
thereto.

A­37

Amrize Ltd
Under applicable tax law, we may be liable for certain tax liabilities of Holcim following the Spin-Off if Holcim were
to fail to pay such taxes.
There is the possibility that certain liabilities of Holcim could become our obligations. This could occur if,
notwithstanding our intentions, we take or fail to take any action we are prohibited from taking or required to take by
the terms of the Tax Matters Agreement to preserve the intended tax treatment of the transaction, a representation or
covenant we made that serves as the basis for the Swiss Tax Rulings is determined to be false or as a result of the
application of legal rules that depend in part on facts outside our control. If we are required to indemnify Holcim, we
may be subject to substantial liabilities that could materially and adversely affect our financial position.
In connection with the Separation, Holcim has indemnified us for certain liabilities. However, there can be no
assurance that the indemnity will be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that
Holcim’s ability to satisfy its indemnification obligation will not be impaired in the future.
Holcim has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities, pursuant of the Separation and Distribution Agreement.
However, third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for liabilities that Holcim has agreed to retain, and there
can be no assurance that the indemnity from Holcim will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such
liabilities, or that Holcim will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. In addition, Holcim’s insurers may
attempt to deny coverage to us for liabilities associated with certain occurrences of indemnified liabilities prior to the
Spin­Off.
In connection with the Separation we have assumed, and indemnified Holcim for, certain liabilities. If we are
required to make payments pursuant to these indemnities to Holcim, our financial results could be adversely
impacted.
We have agreed to assume, and indemnified Holcim for, certain liabilities pursuant to the Separation and Distribution
Agreement. Payments pursuant to these obligations may be significant and could adversely impact our business,
financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, particularly indemnities relating to our actions that could impact
the tax­free nature of the Distribution or indemnities relating to environmental matters.
If the Separation and Distribution, together with certain related transactions, do not qualify as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(D) and Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code that is generally tax-free
for U.S. federal income tax purposes or as a tax-neutral restructuring for Swiss tax purposes, we, and Holcim could
be subject to significant U.S. federal income tax liability and/or Swiss tax liability, as applicable and, in certain
circumstances, we could be required to indemnify Holcim for material taxes pursuant to indemnification obligations
under the Tax Matters Agreement.
It was a condition to the consummation of the Distribution that Holcim receive a tax opinion from counsel (the ‘‘Tax
Opinion’’). Additionally, Holcim has received an IRS Ruling to the effect that the Distribution, together with certain
internal reorganization transaction undertaken in anticipation of the Distribution, qualifies as a tax­free transactions
under Section 355, Section 368(a)(1)(D) and related provisions. The IRS Ruling, does not address all of the
requirements relevant to the qualification of the Distribution, together with certain internal reorganization transactions
undertaken in anticipation of the Distribution, as tax­free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, the IRS
could challenge the intended U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Distribution or any such related transaction in the
event that it determines that any of the requirements not addressed in the IRS Ruling is not satisfied. Furthermore, the
Swiss Federal Tax Administration and the tax administration of the Canton of Zug have considered the tax
consequences of the Separation, the Distribution and certain related transactions under applicable Swiss tax law and
provided written confirmations that the Separation, the Distribution and certain related transactions generally qualify as
a tax­neutral restructuring. However, certain tax attributes or latent tax positions may transfer to us and other Swiss
companies within the group in the course of the tax­neutral restructuring. The Swiss Tax Rulings, the Tax Opinion and
the IRS Ruling rely on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from Holcim and us, including
those regarding the past and future conduct of the companies’ respective businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding
the Tax Opinion, the Swiss Tax Rulings and the IRS Ruling, each relevant tax authority could determine that the
Separation and/or Distribution or any such related transaction is taxable if it determines that any of these facts,
assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated. The Tax Opinion and the Swiss Tax
Rulings will not be binding in any court, and no assurance can be given that the relevant tax authorities or any court will
not take a contrary position. Although a private letter ruling is generally binding on the IRS, if any of the facts,
representations, assumptions or undertakings described or made in connection with the IRS Ruling are not correct, are
incomplete or have been violated, the IRS Ruling could be revoked or retroactively modified by the IRS.

A­38

Amrize Ltd
If the Separation, Distribution or any of the above referenced related transactions is determined to be taxable for
U.S. federal income tax purposes and/or Swiss tax purposes, a holder of Holcim Shares that has received Company
Shares in the Distribution could incur significant U.S. federal and/or Swiss income tax liabilities. Further, we and
Holcim could incur, among other types of tax obligations, significant U.S. federal income tax, Swiss corporate income
tax, Swiss withholding tax, Swiss stamp duty and capital tax obligations, whether under applicable law or under the Tax
Matters Agreement.
We are subject to significant restrictions, including on our ability to engage in certain corporate transactions, which
may reduce our strategic and operating flexibility.
U.S. federal income and Swiss tax treatment of the Distribution, together with certain internal reorganization
transactions. Under the Tax Matters Agreement, for the two­year period following the Distribution, we are subject to
specific restrictions on our ability to enter into acquisition, merger, liquidation, sale, and stock redemption transactions
with respect to our stock. In addition, under the Tax Matters Agreement, we are generally required to indemnify Holcim
against certain tax liabilities that may result from the acquisition of our stock or assets, even if we do not participate in
or otherwise facilitate the acquisition. Furthermore, we are subject to specific restrictions on discontinuing the active
conduct of our trade or business, moving our registered seat and/or tax residence. issuing or selling our securities, and
selling assets outside the ordinary course of business. These restrictions, as well as restrictions under applicable tax
laws, may limit our ability to pursue certain strategic transactions or other transactions that we may believe to be in the
best interests of our shareholders or that might increase the value of our business.
Certain of our executive officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their
previous positions at Holcim.
Our Board consists of a majority of directors who are independent, and our executive officers who were employees of
Holcim ceased to be employees of Holcim in connection with the Separation. However, because of their former
positions with Holcim, certain of our executive officers and directors continue to have a financial interest in Holcim
shares. This ownership of Holcim shares could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest if we and
Holcim pursue the same corporate opportunities or face decisions that could have different implications for us and
Holcim.
The Separation and Distribution Agreement and Ancillary Agreements were negotiated in the context of an affiliated
relationship.
The agreements entered into between the Company and Holcim in connection with the Spin­Off were prepared in the
context of our separation from Holcim while the Company was still a wholly­owned subsidiary of Holcim. Accordingly,
the terms of those agreements were negotiated between persons who were all, at the time of preparation and negotiation,
employees of Holcim. While we believe the agreements reflect arm’s length and market terms for transactions of their
type, we might have received terms more favorable to us if the negotiations had involved unaffiliated third parties from
the outset.
Our suppliers or other companies with whom we conduct business may need assurances that our financial stability
on a standalone basis is sufficient to satisfy their requirements for doing or continuing to do business with them.
Some of our suppliers or other companies with whom we conduct business may need assurances that our financial
stability on a standalone basis is sufficient to satisfy their requirements for doing or continuing to do business with them.
Any failure of our suppliers or other parties to be satisfied with our financial stability could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
We are not able to rely on the earnings, assets or cash flows of Holcim and Holcim will not provide funds to finance
our working capital or other cash requirements, which may impact the interest rate charged to us on debt financings,
the amounts of indebtedness, types of financing structures and debt markets that may be available to us, and our
ability to make payments on and to refinance any indebtedness.
From time to time, we relied upon Holcim to finance the working capital requirements and other cash requirements of
the Amrize Business. After the Spin­Off, we are not able to rely on the earnings, assets or cash flows of Holcim and
Holcim will not provide funds to finance our working capital or other cash requirements. As a result, we are responsible

A­39

Amrize Ltd
for obtaining and maintaining sufficient working capital and other funds to satisfy our cash requirements and service our
own debt. Our access to and cost of debt financing may be different from our access to and cost of debt financing as a
part of Holcim. Differences in access to and cost of debt financing may result in differences in the interest rate charged
to us on debt financings, as well as the amounts of indebtedness, types of financing structures and debt markets that may
be available to us, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
cash flows.
In addition, if our cash flow from operations is less than we anticipate, or if our cash requirements are more than we
expect, we may need to incur additional debt or raise additional funds. However, debt or equity financing may not be
available to us on terms acceptable or favorable to us, if at all, and will depend on a number of factors, many of which
are beyond our control, such as the state of the credit and financial markets and other economic, financial and
geopolitical factors. The terms of such debt may impose additional and more stringent restrictions on our operations. If
we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, it could affect our financial condition, which could adversely
impact the value of your notes.
We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, debt obligations that could adversely affect our business,
profitability and our ability to meet obligations.
As of December 31, 2025, we had $5.3 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes outstanding, as
well as a revolving credit facility with commitments of $2.0 billion. We also had a commercial paper program for the
issuance of short­term promissory notes with a maximum aggregate principal amount of $2.0 billion outstanding at any
time. This amount of debt could potentially have important consequences to us and our debt investors, including:
•

requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest payments on this debt;

•

making it more difficult for us to satisfy debt and other obligations;

•

increasing the risk of a future credit ratings downgrade of our debt, which could increase future debt costs and
limit the future availability of debt financing;

•

increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

•

reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and grow our business;

•

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry; and

•

placing us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors that may not be as highly leveraged with debt;

To the extent that we incur additional indebtedness, the foregoing risks could increase. In addition, our actual cash
requirements in the future may be greater than expected. Our cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay
all of our outstanding debt as it becomes due, and we may not be able to borrow money, sell assets or otherwise raise
funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance our debt.
Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.
Item 1C.

Cybersecurity

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
We recognize that effective management of cybersecurity risk is critical to our operations, reputation, and the protection
of our stakeholders’ interests. Our approach to cybersecurity is integrated into our broader Enterprise Risk Management
(‘‘ERM’’) framework, ensuring that risks from cybersecurity threats are identified, assessed, managed, and monitored
at multiple levels across the organization.
Our cybersecurity risk management program leverages industry standards and frameworks, including the National
Institute of Standards and Technology (‘‘NIST’’) Cybersecurity Framework, to organize our efforts around the key
functions of identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover. We maintain a layered cybersecurity strategy that includes:
•

Regular risk assessments to identify and evaluate potential threats to our information systems, data, and
operational technology.

A­40

Amrize Ltd
•

Comprehensive policies and procedures governing information security, incident response, and the use of
technology resources.

•

Continuous monitoring of our systems for unusual activity or potential incidents, supported by both internal
teams and third­party cybersecurity experts.

•

Employee training and awareness programs, including annual mandatory cybersecurity training, phishing
simulations, and specialized training for employees in sensitive roles.

•

Incident response planning, including tabletop exercises and simulations involving senior management, to
validate and improve our response capabilities.

•

Ongoing investments in security technologies and processes to strengthen our defenses and adapt to the
evolving threat landscape.

•

Third-party risk management, including annual reviews of critical vendors, SOC 1/SOC 2 report evaluations,
and additional assessments where necessary.

We also conduct periodic external penetration tests and maturity assessments to evaluate the effectiveness of our
controls and identify areas for improvement. Our incident response plan provides a structured approach to triage,
contain, eradicate, recover from, and analyze cybersecurity incidents.
To date, we have not experienced a cybersecurity incident that has had, or is reasonably likely to have, a material impact
on our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, we recognize that cybersecurity threats
are constantly evolving, and we remain vigilant in our efforts to protect our systems and data.
Cybersecurity Governance
Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing risk management, including cybersecurity. The Board has
delegated primary oversight of cybersecurity risk management to the Audit Committee, which is comprised of
independent directors with relevant experience. The Audit Committee receives regular updates from management,
including our Chief Information Officer (‘‘CIO’’) and information security leadership, on the status of our cybersecurity
program, recent developments, and any significant incidents.
Our CIO, who has over 25 years of experience in information technology and cybersecurity, is responsible for the
development and implementation of our information security program. The CIO is supported by a dedicated
cybersecurity team, which includes internal experts and external advisors. This team is responsible for monitoring
threats, managing incident response, and ensuring compliance with our policies and regulatory requirements.
We also maintain an Enterprise Risk Management function, which is made up of our Chief Legal Officer, Chief
Financial Officer, Chief Information Officer, Chief People Officer, Operation Presidents and Vice President Audit and
Controls, among others. This team is responsible for identifying and assessing risks, including those related to
cybersecurity, and for recommending mitigation strategies. The team provides regular updates to executive
management and the Audit Committee. We view cybersecurity as a shared responsibility across the organization and are
committed to fostering a culture of security awareness and continuous improvement.
Item 2.

Properties

Our locations for Building Materials encompass aggregate operations such as quarries, production facilities, both
stationary and mobile processing units, as well as depot­retail facilities. Our cement manufacturing facilities feature
quarries, crushers, raw material mills, kilns, finishing mills, storage silos, and terminals for distribution. Our footprint
is comprised of over 1,000 sites and facilities, including 18 cement plants, 143 terminals, 56 cementitious product
operations, 273 ready­mix concrete plants, 467 aggregates operations, 37 concrete product sites, and 50 asphalt
operations. Additionally, we maintain a commercial real estate presence throughout the United States and Canada.
These locations consist of owned and leased properties that are primarily utilized as offices for administrative and
business purposes. We have a principal executive office in Zug, Switzerland, operational headquarters in Chicago and
regional offices throughout the United States and Canada (including in Nashville, Toronto and Calgary), as well as
shared service center in Colombia.
Our network of quarries, pits and mills provide us with raw materials such as hard rock, sand and gravel to manufacture
various building materials such as aggregates, cement, asphalt, ready­mix concrete and other concrete products. Our

A­41

Amrize Ltd
reserves and resources are sourced from 376 aggregates pits and quarries and 16 cement quarries across the United
States and Canada. Most cement plants have one or more associated quarries adjacent to the plant. The majority of
production sites use surface mining methods.
We own or lease the real estate on which our main raw materials, aggregates and other minerals are located. Of our
376 aggregates pits and quarries, 239 are on owned lands, 114 are on leased lands and 23 are on lands owned in part and
leased in part. Of our 16 cement quarries, 15 are on owned lands and one is on leased land. None of our mineral reserve
and resource sites are deemed individually material to our business or financial condition. The following map presents
the location of our mining properties:

As of December 31, 2025, our Building Materials segment includes estimated total reserves of 8,220 million tons
(consisting of 3,952 million tons of proven reserves and 4,268 million tons of probable reserves) and estimated total
resources of 6,412 million tons (consisting of 1,072 million tons of measured resources, 1,827 million tons of indicated
resources and 3,513 million tons of inferred resources). Our reserve and resource estimates have been estimated by
qualified persons in accordance with Subpart 1300 of SEC Regulation S­K.
Across our Building Envelope operations, we maintain 51 facilities throughout North America, which encompass
34 manufacturing facilities, 12 warehouses and five centers focused on research and development applications. We
maintain 12 facilities under our Elevate business and 9 locations within our Duro­Last operations. Malarkey and Gaco
each operate from 4 locations, while the remaining 5 sites support our Ox and Enverge business lines.
Reserves
A mineral reserve is an estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of indicated and measured mineral resources that, in the
opinion of a qualified person, can be the basis of an economically viable project. More specifically, it is the
economically mineable part of a measured or indicated mineral resource, which includes diluting materials and

A­42

Amrize Ltd
allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined or extracted. Mineral reserves are classified into two
categories — probable and proven reserves — based on geological confidence and the application of modifying factors
to demonstrate that the extraction of indicated or measured mineral resources is economically viable under reasonable
investment and market assumptions. A probable mineral reserve is the economically mineable part of an indicated and,
in some cases, a measured mineral resource. A proven mineral reserve is the economically mineable part of a measured
mineral resource.
Our estimated 3,952 million tons of proven reserves and 4,268 million tons of probable reserves are broken down by
material type (between hard rock and sand & gravel). Reserve estimates include hard rock and sand & gravel of suitable
quality that are economically viable for extraction based on drilling, sampling, testing and modeling completed by or
under the supervision of qualified persons, as well as supervised contractors and consultants. The application of
reasonable modifying factors including economic, operational, commercial, legal, environmental compliance,
permitting and other factors have been considered by the qualified persons in converting indicated or measured
resources to reserves.
During the year ended December 31, 2025, the average sales price for aggregates (excluding freight) in the United
States was $16.32 per ton, while cement averaged $169.33 per ton. In Canada, the average sales price for aggregates
(excluding freight) was $11.43 per ton, and cement was $168.92 per ton. These prices, which are used for estimation of
both mineral reserves and resources, are impacted by product mix, geographic location, and foreign currency rates.
The following table provides a summary of our proven and probable reserves as of December 31, 2025:
Reserves
Probable
Hard
Sand &
Rock
Gravel

(In millions of tons, except percentage data)

Total

Proven
Hard
Rock

Aggregates
United States . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1,395
1,002

82%
92%

18%
8%

2,178
1,594

98%
87%

2%
13%

3,573
2,596

91%
89%

9%
11%

Subtotal
Cement
United States . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2,397

86%

14%

3,772

93%

7%

6,169

90%

10%

1,466
89

100%
100%

152
344

100%
100%

1,618
433

100%
100%

Subtotal

1,555

100%

496

100%

2,051

100%

Total

3,952

92%

4,268

94%

8,220

93%

Sand &
Gravel

Total

8%

6%

Total

Total
Hard
Rock

Sand &
Gravel

7%

Resources
Mineral resources represent concentrations or occurrences of material of economic interest in or on the earth’s crust in
such form, grade or quality, and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource
is a reasonable estimate of mineralization, taking into account relevant factors such as cut­off grade, likely mining
dimensions, location or continuity, that, with the assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions, is likely to,
in whole or in part, become economically extractable.
Mineral resources are classified into three categories—measured, indicated or inferred resources—in order of
decreasing geological confidence. A measured mineral resource is that part of the mineral resource for which quantity
and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of conclusive geological evidence and sampling in sufficient detail to
support detailed extraction planning and final evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit to be quarried or
mined. An indicated mineral resource is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are
estimated on the basis of adequate geological evidence and sampling in sufficient detail to support mine planning and
evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit of the material to be quarried or mined. Inferred mineral resources
are that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of limited geological
evidence and sampling.
Although an inferred resource may not be converted to a mineral reserve, indicated or measured resources can be
converted to reserves by the application of certain modifying factors which include, but are not limited to, consideration

A­43

Amrize Ltd
of mining, processing, metallurgical, infrastructure, economic, marketing, legal, environmental compliance, plans,
permitting and other factors. An indicated resource can be converted to a probable reserve, and a measured resource can
be converted to a probable or proven reserve. We conduct investigations in order to apply modifying factors in sufficient
detail to evaluate the economic viability and support the conversion of indicated and measured resources to probable
and proven reserves.
There is no certainty that any of our indicated or measured resources will be converted into proven or probable reserves
in the future, and the resources reported have not been fully assessed using modifying factors.
The following table shows our measured, indicated and inferred resources as of December 31, 2025:

Measured
Sand
&
Gravel

Resources
Total Measured &
Indicated
Indicated
Sand
Sand
Hard
&
Hard
&
Total Rock Gravel Total Rock Gravel

Inferred
Sand
&
Gravel

(In millions of tons,
except percentage data)

Total

Aggregates
United States . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . .

779
126

64% 36%
60% 40%

537
787

90% 10% 1,316
81% 19% 913

74% 26% 1,004
78% 22% 2,046

90% 10% 2,320
77% 23% 2,959

905

63% 37% 1,324

85% 15% 2,229

76% 24% 3,050

81% 19% 5,279

Subtotal. . . . . . . . . .
Cement
United States . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . .
Subtotal. . . . . . . . . .

Hard
Rock

Total

Hard
Rock

Total

167 100%

496 100%
7 100%

663 100%
7 100%

143 100%
320 100%

806
327

167 100%

503 100%

670 100%

463 100%

1,133

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,072

69% 31% 1,827

89% 11% 2,899

82% 18% 3,513

84% 16% 6,412

Additional Information
The following table provides a summary of our mineral reserve and resource sites as of December 31, 2025 along with
the extraction for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:
Additional Info

Total

Owned

Leased

Owned &
Leased

2025

Extraction
(in millions of tons)
Years to
2024
2023
Depletion(1)

147
229

88
151

51
63

8
15

63
57

61
60

63
65

58
43

Subtotal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cement
United States . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canada. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

376

239

114

23

120

121

128

50

12
4

12
3

0
1

0
0

23
5

25
5

25
5

68
81

Subtotal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

16

15

1

0

28

30

30

70

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

392

254

115

23

148

151

158

No. of Sites

Aggregates
United States . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canada. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Internal Controls
We have established internal control processes to support the annual reporting of resources and reserves. Reserve and
resource estimates are completed using internal and external qualified persons to estimate mineral reserves and
resources, and are subject to annual review by management teams in conjunction with the relevant qualified persons.
This review includes scrutinizing the major assumptions used in determining estimates to ensure they are materially
(1)

Based on average extraction during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.

A­44

Amrize Ltd
accurate. For reserve and resource additions, management, together with internal and external qualified persons,
performs its due diligence and reviews the study of technical, environmental, economic and operating factors, as well
as applicable supplemental information, including the site’s geology and quality.
The qualified persons use a number of sources of geological information to estimate reserves and resources for
production and development stage sites, including geological mapping, drilling, sampling and testing of sites. The type
of drilling and testing depends on the type and complexity of the deposit, as well as whether it is a greenfield or
production site. Mineral exploration requirements such as frequency of sampling are determined by the qualified
persons and geological/mining experts based on the specific characteristics of the site and the underlying geology in
order to properly characterize the deposit. Sample testing can include gradational, physical and chemical testing
depending on the site and the intended product to be used or sold. In rock environments, geological core logging is
undertaken. Collected samples are analyzed at internal company laboratories or regionally and/or nationally accredited
laboratories for all relevant analyses and tests to confirm the quality of the material and the types of products that can
be produced.
The reserve and resource estimates include allowances for processing and wash loss that can occur when the mineral is
extracted and processed into a saleable product.
Our estimates of reserves and resources are based on the relative confidence of the geology and the application of modifying
factors where applicable. The economic viability of our reserves is evaluated by the application of modifying factors and
involves review by various internal departments. There are inherent risks associated with estimates of mineral reserves and
resources. Risks include, but are not limited to, accuracy and completeness of geological information, data interpretation and
interpolation, changing geotechnical, market and permitting conditions and other operational and economic factors. These
risks are assessed by qualified persons and our management team on a periodic basis to determine if adjustments are required
as new information becomes available. Our estimated reserves and resources are based on the best information available at the
time of reporting. These estimates are reviewed and updated whenever new and relevant information is obtained at any of our
sites that indicate changes in the reported reserves and resources.
Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

In the ordinary course of conducting our business activities, we are involved in judicial, administrative and regulatory
investigations and proceedings, as well as lawsuits and claims of various natures, involving both private parties and
governmental authorities, relating to product liability, general and commercial liability, competition, environmental,
employment, health and safety and other matters. These claims and proceedings include insured and uninsured matters
that are brought on an individual, collective, representative and class­action basis. Such proceedings may have a
material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
See Note 17 (Commitments and Contingencies) in Item 8. ‘‘Financial Statements and Supplementary Data’’ for a
discussion of our material legal proceedings. The Company has elected to use a $1 million sanctions threshold for
disclosing certain proceedings under environmental laws to which a governmental authority is a party. Applying this
threshold, there were no relevant legal proceedings to disclose for this period.
Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

The information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the
Dodd­Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S­K is included in Exhibit 95
of this Annual Report.
Information About Our Executive Officers
The following sets forth certain information regarding the executive officers as of February 1, 2026. Each was
appointed in connection with the Spin­Off in 2025:
Name

Age

Jan Philipp Jenisch. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Roald Brouwer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Stephen Clark. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

59
51
57

A­45

Position

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
Chief Technology Officer
Chief People Officer

Amrize Ltd
Name

Age

Position

Nollaig Forrest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jake Gosa . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mario Gross . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jaime Hill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ian Johnston . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Samuel J. Poletti. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Denise R. Singleton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

49
50
47
56
51
44
63

Chief Marketing and Corporate Affairs Officer
President, Building Envelope
Chief Supply Chain Officer
President, Building Materials
Chief Financial Officer
Chief Strategy and M&A Officer
Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary

Jan Philipp Jenisch
Mr. Jenisch serves as our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer. Previously, Mr. Jenisch
served as Chairman of the Holcim Board of Directors from 2023 to 2025, where he was tasked with leading the planned
U.S. listing of Holcim’s North American business. Mr. Jenisch also served as Chief Executive Officer of Holcim from
2017 to April 2024, where he transformed Holcim into a leader in advanced building solutions and helped Holcim reach
new levels of financial performance. Before joining Holcim, Mr. Jenisch served as Chief Executive Officer of Sika AG
from 2012 to 2017. Under his leadership, Sika AG set new performance standards for sales and profitability, becoming
a member of the Swiss Market Index (‘‘SMI’’), which is made up of the 20 largest and most liquid stocks listed on SIX.
Mr. Jenisch studied in the United States and Switzerland, obtaining his MBA from the University of Fribourg in 1993.
In 2021, he received a Dr. h.c. for his accomplishments as Chief Executive Officer of two SMI companies.
Mr. Jenisch’s qualifications include his two­time experience as a public company chief executive officer for global
companies with significant operations and customer bases in North America, his deep experience leading organic and
inorganic growth at the enterprise level and his understanding of the Amrize Business, including the Company’s
customers, markets and external stakeholders.
Roald Brouwer
Mr. Brouwer serves as our Chief Technology Officer. Mr. Brouwer previously served as Holcim’s Senior Vice
President, Group Head of Decarbonization, a position he held from 2022 to 2025. Prior to joining Holcim, Mr. Brouwer
held several positions at Shell plc, including as Director Energy Transition Technologies, Global Technology
Deployment Consultant, Team Lead Carmon Creek Field Development Project and Reservoir Engineering Advisory
Heavy Oil from 2014 to 2022. Mr. Brouwer holds a Master of Science degree in Geochemistry from Utrecht University
in Utrecht, Netherlands and a PhD in Petroleum Engineering from Delft University of Technology in Delft,
Netherlands.
Stephen Clark
Mr. Clark serves as our Chief People Officer, a role he held for Holcim’s North American business from August 2024
to 2025. Prior to joining Holcim, Mr. Clark served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of
Gainwell Technologies LLC from 2022 to July 2024. Prior to that, Mr. Clark held several positions at Lear Corporation,
including Chief Administrative Officer, Asia­Pacific and Global Vice President of Leadership & Organizational
Development, Total Rewards and Human Resources Shared Services from 2018 to 2022. From 2015 to 2017, Mr. Clark
served as Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Corporate Services Officer for Vista Outdoor, Inc.
Mr. Clark holds a Master of Organizational Behavior from the Brigham Young University Marriott School of Business
in Provo, Utah, and a Bachelor of Arts degree in French and Psychology from Brigham Young University.
Nollaig Forrest
Ms. Forrest serves as our Chief Marketing and Corporate Affairs Officer. Ms. Forrest previously served as Holcim’s
Chief Sustainability Officer, a position she held from 2023 to 2025, overseeing sustainability, corporate affairs and
health and safety. Prior to her role as Chief Sustainability Officer, Ms. Forrest served as Holcim’s Global Head of
Corporate Affairs from 2020 to 2024, overseeing corporate communications, branding and government and public
affairs. Prior to joining Holcim, Ms. Forrest was Vice President, Corporate Communications for Firmenich SA from
2014 to 2020. Ms. Forrest holds a Master of Arts degree in International Relations from the Graduate Institute of
International Studies in Geneva, Switzerland.

A­46

Amrize Ltd
Jake Gosa
Mr. Gosa serves as our President of Building Envelope. Mr. Gosa previously served as Executive Vice President and
Chief Commercial Officer for Beacon Building Products, where he held several executive roles of increasing
responsibility from 2007 to 2025. Prior to that, Mr. Gosa served in a variety of roles for Elk Corporation and GAF
Roofing. Mr. Gosa holds a Bachelor of Business degree from Shepherd University in Shepherdstown, West Virginia.
Mario Gross
Mr. Gross serves as our Chief Supply Chain Officer. Mr. Gross previously served as Chief Operating Officer of Holcim
Building Envelope, a position he held from 2024 to 2025. Prior to serving as Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Gross served
as Chief Procurement Officer of Holcim from 2020 to 2024, Senior Project Leader, Lafarge Holcim Group from 2019
to 2020 and Chief Executive Officer, Lafarge Malaysia from 2018 to 2019. Prior to joining Holcim, Mr. Gross was Head
of Global Procurement, Engineering, Quality, and Sustainability at Sika AG from 2013 to 2017. Mr. Gross holds an
MBA from the University of Strathclyde in Glasgow, United Kingdom, and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economy &
Law from Saarland University in Saarbrucken, Germany.
Jaime Hill
Mr. Hill serves as our President, Building Materials. Mr. Hill previously served as Holcim’s Region Head North America, a
position he held from 2024 to 2025. Prior to serving as Region Head North America, Mr. Hill served in various other roles at
Holcim, including Chief Executive Officer of Holcim Mexico from 2019 to 2024, Chief Executive Officer of Holcim
Colombia from 2015 to 2019 and Commercial Director of Holcim Colombia from 2008 to 2014. Mr. Hill holds a Bachelor
of Science degree in Business Administration from Georgetown University in Washington, D.C.
Ian Johnston
Mr. Johnston serves as our Chief Financial Officer, a role he held for Holcim’s North American business from 2018 to
2025. Mr. Johnston had 26 years of experience with Holcim, including as Chief Financial Officer, U.S. from 2016 to
2018, Chief Financial Officer, Canada from 2015 to 2016 and Chief Financial Officer, Western Canada from 2012 to
2015. Mr. Johnston holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree in Accounting with honors from the University of Ottawa in
Ottawa, Canada. Mr. Johnston became a Chartered Professional Accountant in 1999.
Samuel J. Poletti
Mr. Poletti serves as our Chief Strategy and M&A Officer. Mr. Poletti previously served as Holcim’s Global Head of
M&A, a position he held from 2018 to 2025. Mr. Poletti served in various other roles at Holcim, including as Vice
President, Senior M&A Manager from 2014 to 2018 and Assistant Vice President, Head of Strategy and Business
Development South Asia from March 2014 to July 2014. Mr. Poletti holds a dual Master of Arts degree in Law &
Economics from the University of St. Gallen in St. Gallen, Switzerland and a dual Bachelor of Arts degree in Law &
Economics from the University of St. Gallen.
Denise R. Singleton
Ms. Singleton serves as our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, a role she held for Holcim’s North American
business from 2024 to 2025. Prior to joining Holcim, Ms. Singleton served as Executive Vice President, General
Counsel and Secretary of WestRock Company from 2022 to 2024. From 2015 to 2022, Ms. Singleton served as Senior
Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of IDEX Corporation. From 2011 to 2015, she served as
Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer of SunCoke Energy, Inc.
Ms. Singleton holds a Juris Doctor degree from Georgetown University Law Center in Washington, D.C. and a Bachelor
of Arts degree in Journalism from Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

A­47

Amrize Ltd
PART II
Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities

Market Information
Our Ordinary Shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange and SIX Swiss Exchange under the symbol ‘‘AMRZ.’’
Holders of Ordinary Shares
As of December 31, 2025, there was 1 holder of record of our ordinary shares, which doesn’t reflect the number of
beneficial owners.
Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans

Plan Category

Equity compensation plans
approved by security
holders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity compensation plans
not approved by security
holders(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(A)
Number of securities to be
issued upon exercise of
outstanding options,
warrants and rights

(B)
Weighted-average exercise
price of outstanding
options, warrants and rights

(C)
Number of securities remaining
available for future issuance under
equity compensation plans (excluding
securities reflected in column (A)

3,913,655(1)

$31.98(2)

32,886,345(3)

—

—

3,913,655

$31.98

—
32,886,345

(1)

Includes an aggregate of 2,711,801 performance stock options, 971,039 performance share units, and 121,687 restricted share units under the
Amrize Ltd 2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan, and 109,128 shares under the Amrize Ltd Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

(2)

Weighted­average exercise price of outstanding options, which excludes performance share units, restricted share units, and the rights to
purchase shares under the ESPP.

(3)

This amount includes 21,695,473 shares available under the Amrize Ltd 2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan and 11,190,872 shares available under
the Amrize Ltd Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Under the Amrize Ltd 2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan, Amrize may issue share options
(including incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options), share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted share units,
performance share units, other share­based awards, share bonuses, cash awards, and substitute awards.

(4)

Amrize has no equity compensation plans that have not been approved by shareholders.

Recent sales of unregistered securities; use of proceeds from registered securities
None.

A­48

Amrize Ltd
Share Performance Graph
The following graph compares the total shareholder return on the Company’s ordinary shares for the last 6 months since
the Company started trading on June 23, 2025 with the Standard & Poor’s (‘‘S&P’’) 500 and S&P 500 Materials indices.
The graph assumes $100 was invested in each of these indices on June 23, 2025, the first day of ‘‘regular way’’ trading,
for the Company’s ordinary shares. The comparisons are based on historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended
to forecast, the future performance of the Company’s ordinary shares.

Comparative Total Return1

Amrize Ltd . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
S&P 500 Index . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
S&P 500 Materials Index. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1

June 23, 2025

June 30, 2025

September 30, 2025

December 31, 2025

$100.00
100.00
100.00

$ 95.31
102.95
101.00

$ 93.34
111.31
103.57

$104.02
114.27
105.35

Assumes reinvestment of dividends.

Item 6.

Reserved

A­49

Amrize Ltd
Item 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Some of
the information contained in the following discussion and analysis includes forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. Refer to the sections entitled ‘‘Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements’’ and
‘‘Risk Factors’’ for a discussion of forward-looking statements and important factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following
discussion and analysis.
Overview
We are a building solutions company focused on the North American market, offering customers a broad range of
advanced building solutions from foundation to rooftop. We serve customers across the infrastructure, commercial, and
residential construction markets, from new builds to repair and refurbishment (‘‘R&R’’). Our more than
19,000 employees operate across more than 1,000 sites and facilities in the United States, Canada, Colombia,
Switzerland and Jamaica, providing customers with trusted brands and advanced building solutions for the full building
lifecycle. Our trusted brands and advanced solutions, combined with our operational expertise, make us a trusted
partner for customers, consisting of contractors, building owners, architects, engineers, public authorities and cities
across the United States and Canada.
We earn revenue from the sale of cement, aggregates, ready­mix concrete, asphalt, roofing systems and other building
solutions. We operate in two reportable segments, offering a complete range of advanced solutions to support
large­scale and complex construction projects from bridges to data centers in the areas of residential, commercial and
infrastructure construction. Our services span new construction as well as R&R, with R&R accounting for 43% of
overall revenues in the year ended December 31, 2025.
•

Our Building Materials segment offers a range of branded solutions delivering high­quality products for a
wide range of applications across North America. Key product offerings of this segment include cement and
aggregates, as well as a variety of downstream products and solutions such as ready­mix concrete, asphalt and
other construction materials.

•

Our Building Envelope segment offers advanced roofing and wall systems, including single­ply membranes,
insulation, shingles, sheathing, waterproofing and protective coatings, along with adhesives, tapes and
sealants that are critical to the application of roofing and wall systems. Our Building Envelope products are
sold individually or in warrantied systems for new construction or R&R in commercial and residential
projects. These products are sold either directly to contractors or through an authorized distributor or dealer
network in North America.

Seasonality
Our Building Materials segment results for the first and fourth quarters are generally lower than those for the second and
third quarters, which benefit from more favorable weather and increased construction activity. In addition to impacting
demand, adverse weather can disrupt production schedules, shipments, and project timelines, affecting costs,
efficiencies, and profitability. We manage these seasonal fluctuations through operational planning and flexible
workforce management, but quarter­to­quarter results may not be indicative of full­year performance.
Our Building Envelope segment is subject to seasonal fluctuations in demand, primarily driven by trends in new
construction, renovation, and repair activities across both residential and commercial markets. Demand for our building
envelope products, which include roofing and wall systems, exterior cladding, and related solutions, generally increases
during periods of favorable weather, as construction and renovation projects are most active in the second and
third calendar quarters. This pattern reflects the broader industry trend, where project starts and completions are
concentrated in the spring and summer months, particularly in our key geographic markets.
We continuously monitor market conditions and adjust our production and inventory management strategies to align
with anticipated seasonal demand and potential weather­related disruptions. Despite these efforts, the inherent
seasonality and unpredictability of weather events may result in fluctuations in our quarterly revenues, earnings and
cash flow.

A­50

Amrize Ltd
Financial Summary
A summary of our performance highlights for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 is as follows:
For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

$ in millions, except percentage data

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income margin. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA Margin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash flows provided by operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$11,815
$ 1,182
10.0%
$ 3,007
25.5%
$ 2,208

$11,704
$ 1,273
10.9%
$ 3,181
27.2%
$ 2,282

$11,677
$ 955
8.2%
$ 2,844
24.4%
$ 2,036

Capital Allocation
We believe our disciplined approach to capital allocation allows us to invest in our business to drive sustainable growth,
pursue strategic mergers and acquisitions and return capital to shareholders. We remain committed to diligently
executing this capital allocation strategy through continuous enhancements to our facilities, investment in new
greenfield projects and increased allocation of capital towards future growth initiatives. Furthermore, we have
historically been able to effectively acquire and merge businesses in fragmented industries, aligning with our
overarching capital allocation strategies.
•

We completed three acquisitions in 2025, two acquisitions in 2024 and five acquisitions in 2023 for total cash
consideration, net of cash acquired, of $98 million, $249 million and $1,607 million, respectively; and

•

We invested $788 million in capital expenditure projects to increase production capacity and improve
efficiency in 2025, compared with $642 million and $630 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Transition to Standalone Company
On June 23, 2025, Holcim completed the previously announced Spin­Off through a distribution of 100% of the
Company’s outstanding shares to holders of record of Holcim’s ordinary shares, on a pro rata basis as a dividend­in­
kind, as of the close of business on June 20, 2025. As a result of the Distribution, the Company became an independent
public company. Our Ordinary Shares are listed under the symbol ‘‘AMRZ’’ on the New York Stock Exchange and the
SIX Swiss Exchange.
In connection with the Spin­Off, we entered into or adopted several agreements including a Separation and Distribution
Agreement, Transition Services Agreement, and Tax Matters Agreement, among others. These agreements allocate
between Holcim and us various assets, liabilities, rights and obligations (including with respect to employee benefits
and tax­related assets and liabilities) and govern the relationship between the Company and Holcim for certain
commercial matters (including manufacturing, supply and insurance) following the Spin­Off. See Note 18 (Related
party) to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for more information on these
agreements.
In connection with the Spin­Off, we became subject to the requirements of the New York Stock Exchange and the
SIX Swiss Exchange. We are establishing additional procedures and practices as a standalone public company. As a
result, we incurred additional expenses in 2025 related to the establishment and operation of new functions as a
standalone public company including rebranding, employee­related costs, executive leadership compensation,
accounting and financial reporting, compliance and regulatory, human resources, information technology, marketing
and communications, insurance and other operating costs. In line with our ASPIRE program (an initiative launched in
the second quarter of 2025 to accelerate synergies by leveraging our scale to optimize third­party spending and drive
efficiencies across procurement, logistics and operating functions), we will continue to look for operational cost
improvement opportunities as a standalone company to drive lower costs across our business and corporate functions.
Certain of these costs (the ‘‘Spin­Off and separation­related costs’’) are non­recurring in nature, consisting primarily of
rebranding costs. We expect the Spin­Off and separation­related costs to continue through fiscal year 2027.

A­51

Amrize Ltd
Basis of Presentation
Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and the rules and regulations of the SEC. Prior to the Spin­Off, we operated as
a wholly­owned subsidiary of Holcim, and not as a standalone company. These consolidated financial statements and
footnotes reflect the historical financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as historically
managed within Holcim for periods prior to the completion of the Spin­Off and reflect the financial position, results of
operations and cash flows of the Company as a standalone company for periods after the completion of the Spin­Off.
The consolidated financial statements and footnotes for the period prior to the Spin­Off included elsewhere in this
Annual Report were prepared on a ‘‘carve­out’’ basis in connection with the Spin­Off and have been derived from the
consolidated financial statements and historical accounting records of Holcim. See Note 1 (Organization and basis of
presentation) to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Prior to the Spin­Off, our consolidated financial statements included expense allocations for certain corporate,
infrastructure and other shared services provided by Holcim on a centralized basis, including but not limited to
accounting and financial reporting, treasury, tax, legal, human resources, information technology, insurance, employee
benefits and other shared services that are either specifically identifiable or directly attributable to us. These expenses
have been allocated to us on the basis of direct usage when specifically identifiable, with the remainder predominantly
allocated on a pro rata basis using revenues. See Note 18 (Related party) to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Prior to the Spin­Off, we participated in Holcim’s centralized cash management and financing function. Our residual
cash pooling balances as of the end of each reporting period were recorded within Related­party notes receivable, and
we had related­party note agreements in place with Holcim for the financing of our capital needs, which were reflected
as Related­party notes payable. Interest expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations reflects interest on
borrowing and funding associated with the related­party note agreements, for periods prior to the Spin­Off.
Certain related­party transactions between the Company and Holcim have been included in our consolidated financial
statements prior to the Spin­Off. Additionally, as part of the Spin­Off, the Company issued senior unsecured notes and
completed a bond exchange. A portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the senior unsecured notes and completion
of the bond exchange was used to repay the Company’s related­party indebtedness due to Holcim. Holcim also
completed an equity contribution to the Company to settle the remaining related­party indebtedness due to Holcim. See
Note 10 (Debt) and Note 18 (Related party) to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual
Report for additional information.
Market Conditions and Outlook
We operate in competitive markets with respect to each of our segments. Recent market conditions, such as trade policy
uncertainty, fluctuations in interest rates and unfavorable weather conditions earlier in 2025 causing construction
market labor challenges have resulted in industry­wide project delays and slower build activity, particularly in the
residential market. Despite these market conditions, our business has remained resilient, as we have been able to
leverage our scale, unique footprint and diverse product offerings to customers. We expect to continue offsetting recent
market conditions through execution of our ASPIRE program to accelerate synergies and profitable growth and by
investing in streamlining our network. Over time, we expect continued growth in demand due to rapid urbanization,
aging infrastructure, recent onshoring trends, population growth and historical underinvestment in residential housing.
As market conditions evolve, we believe that we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on these growth opportunities.
Factors Affecting Our Performance
We continue to evolve our business to improve performance and drive sustainable growth. Building on our large
operating footprint of over 1,000 sites and facilities, we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on strong
commercial and residential construction spend and infrastructure investments across North America.
The future success of our business depends on many factors. While these factors present opportunities for us, they also
pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below and in ‘‘Risk Factors’’ under Item 1A. We must successfully
address these risks to achieve growth, improve our results of operations and generate profits.
Emphasis on Building Envelope. Our strong presence in the Building Materials category has allowed us to grow
additional product lines, such as roofing and insulation products, in the Building Envelope segment. By acquiring

A­52

Amrize Ltd
Firestone Building Products (later renamed to Elevate Commercial Roofing Systems) in 2021, Herbert Malarkey
Roofing Company (‘‘Malarkey’’) in 2022 and Duro­Last, LLC, Critical Point, LLC, Oscoda Plastics, LLC, Plastatech
Engineering Limited, LLC, Anvil Paints & Coatings, LLC and Tip­Top Screw Manufacturing, LLC (collectively,
‘‘Duro­Last’’) in 2023, we bolstered our roofing system offerings and positioned ourselves to meet growing demand for
re­roofing and new builds. Our Building Envelope segment accounted for 27.9%, 28.8% and 26.7% of our revenues for
the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We intend to continue building out our Building
Envelope segment through expansions, acquisitions and development of additional solutions and products, as we
believe this will unlock long­term value creation. Such expansions and acquisitions depend on our ability to raise capital
and seamlessly integrate new products into our current product mix.
Emphasis on Aggregates. Our scaled aggregates franchise shows compelling growth potential. The North American
aggregates industry is fragmented and consists of specialized businesses that present ideal opportunities for acquisition
and future growth. We have the size, scale and financial capabilities to procure businesses that we believe would expand
our offerings. Although inorganic growth through acquisitions may subject us to significant up­front costs, we believe
such acquisitions will enhance our competitive advantage, provide strategic value creation and ultimately increase our
Building Materials revenue and Segment Adjusted EBITDA.
Infrastructure Investment. Demand for our products is directly related to the level of activity in the construction
industry, which includes residential, commercial and infrastructure construction. A recent focus on improving
infrastructure in North America is being fueled by, among other things, funding from federal, state and local
governments who are focused on addressing aging infrastructure across North America. We are leveraging our market
position across North America and diverse product offerings to secure our involvement in airport, highway, bridge and
related infrastructure projects. Our ability to capitalize on this growing need for infrastructure­related projects across
North America has the capability to increase our scope of operations and revenues.
Innovation. Through our research and development engine, we seek to drive cutting­edge innovation to address our
customers’ greatest ambitions. We believe we are at the forefront of new product developments, and our experts span all
building fields, from masons and engineers to material scientists and experts in artificial intelligence and data mining.
We conduct cutting­edge research and empower smart design while deploying new building technologies. We also
partner with leading construction sector startups to scale up new technologies across our operations. For example, we
have investments in Sublime Systems, a cement technology startup which plans to use renewable electricity and
carbon­free raw materials for cement production, in the form of a convertible note and advance payments for future
supplies and may participate in the startup’s future potential rounds of capital raising to finance its manufacturing
facility. Maintaining this level of innovation requires us to spend a substantial amount on research and development
efforts, as well as on retaining and recruiting talent. Whether this spending results in increased revenue and more
profitable operations will depend on our ability to introduce new products and improve our current product offerings.
Although we will strive to introduce new products and to develop and market new construction techniques and
technologies, our efforts may be unsuccessful or unprofitable resulting in impairments, which could negatively affect
our results of operations and market positions.
Components of Results of Operations
Revenues
We earn revenue from the sale of Building Materials products (cement, aggregates, ready­mix concrete, asphalt and
other construction materials) and Building Envelope products (advanced roofing and wall systems, including single­ply
membranes, insulation, shingles, sheathing, waterproofing and protective coatings, along with adhesives, tapes and
sealants that are critical to the application of roofing and wall systems). Revenues are recognized in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (‘‘ASC’’) Topic 606, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers, and ASC 340­40, Other Assets and Deferred Costs—Contracts with Customers, when we
satisfy a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service to a customer. This occurs when the
customer obtains control of that good or service. See Note 2 (Summary of significant accounting policies) and Note 3
(Revenues) included in the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere the Annual Report for more
information.

A­53

Amrize Ltd
Operating Costs and Expenses
The key components of our operating costs and expenses consist of Cost of revenues, Selling, general and
administrative expenses, Gain on disposal of long­lived assets and Loss on impairments, as defined and outlined below:
Cost of Revenues
Cost of revenues primarily consists of all direct production costs of products, including labor, materials, transportation
and fuel. Cost of revenues also includes a portion of our depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization expense
related to property, plant and equipment directly attributable to the production of goods sold, as well as the service cost
component of defined benefit pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan expenses, operating lease expenses
and finance lease expenses. Proceeds from business interruption insurance claims, if any, are treated as reductions to the
related Cost of revenues incurred.
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses primarily include salaries and related costs for roles not directly
attributable to the production of goods sold, such as sales and marketing, legal, finance and accounting, information
technology, human resources and certain other employees. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include a
portion of our depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization expense related to property, plant and equipment,
intangible assets not directly attributable to the production of goods sold, acquisition­related transaction costs, the
service cost component of defined benefit pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan expenses, operating lease
expenses and finance lease expenses. Additionally, prior to the Spin­Off, Selling, general and administrative expenses
also include expense allocations for certain corporate, infrastructure and other shared services provided by Holcim on
a centralized basis, including but not limited to accounting and financial reporting, treasury, tax, legal, human resources,
information technology, insurance, employee benefits and other shared services.
Gain on Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
Gain on disposal of long­lived assets primarily includes gains on the disposal and retirement of specific assets, such as
ready­mix concrete, cement and roofing assets.
Loss on Impairments
Loss on impairments primarily includes losses on the impairment of long­lived assets, specifically intangible assets,
losses recognized on investments when changes in facts and circumstances indicate their carrying values may not be
recoverable, as well as the losses identified as a part of the annual impairment review of all property, plant and
equipment.
Interest Expense, net
Interest expense, net consists of interest incurred on finance leases, third­party notes, related­party notes prior to the
Spin­Off, and the amortization of the associated deferred financing costs, net of interest income.
Other Non-Operating Income (Expense), net
Other non­operating income (expense), net primarily includes the amortization of actuarial gains or losses on pension
and other postretirement benefit plans, curtailment and settlement gains or losses incurred in connection with pension
and other postretirement benefit plans.
Income Tax Expense
Income tax expense consists of federal, state and local income taxes related to the tax jurisdictions in which we conduct
business. Income tax provision consists of taxes currently payable and deferred amounts related to both Swiss and
non­Swiss taxes on our income. The effective tax rate depends on a number of factors, including the jurisdiction in
which operating profit is earned and the nature and timing of discrete items.

A­54

Amrize Ltd
Income from Equity Method Investments
Income from equity method investments primarily includes the results of our share of income from our equity method
investments.
Results of Operations
As discussed in ‘‘Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations­ Overview­
Factors Affecting Our Performance’’ and ‘‘Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations­ Overview­ Market Conditions and Outlook’’ above, and as discussed in more detail below, our results of
operations are highly dependent upon activities within the construction industry, economic cycles within the public and
private business sectors and seasonality. Accordingly, financial results for any period presented, or period­to­period
comparisons of reported results, may not be indicative of future results of operations.
Our financial results for the year ended December 31, 2025 were affected by market uncertainty, which resulted in
project delays and softer new construction activity. These factors are outside of our control and may impact our
operations in the future. The extent to which global economic challenges will ultimately impact our business,
operations, financial condition and results of operations will depend on numerous factors, which are highly uncertain,
rapidly changing and cannot be predicted.
Consolidated Statements of Operations

(In millions, except for percentage data)

2025

For the years ended December 31,
2025 vs
2024 %
2024
2023
change

2024 vs
2023 %
change

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$11,815
(8,781)

$11,704
(8,634)

$11,677
(8,908)

0.9%
1.7%

0.2%
(3.1)%

Gross profit. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses. . . . . .
Gain on disposal of long­lived assets . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on impairments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3,034
(1,128)
15
(15)

3,070
(944)
71
(2)

2,769
(898)
32
(15)

(1.2)%
19.5%
n/m
n/m

10.9%
5.1%
n/m
n/m

Operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other non­operating income (expense), net . . . . . . .

1,906
(413)
4

2,195
(512)
(55)

1,888
(549)
(36)

(13.2)%
(19.3)%
n/m

16.3%
(6.7)%
n/m

Income before income tax expense and income from
equity method investments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from equity method investments . . . . . . . . .

1,497
(326)
11

1,628
(368)
13

1,303
(361)
13

(8.0)%
(11.4)%
(15.4)%

24.9%
1.9%
—%

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests. . . .

1,182
3

1,273
1

955
1

(7.1)%
n/m

33.3%
—%

Net income attributable to the Company . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 1,185

$ 1,274

$

956

(7.0)%

33.3%

Net income margin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA Margin(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

10.0%
$ 3,007
25.5%

10.9%
$ 3,181
27.2%

8.2%
$ 2,844
24.4%

(5.5)%

11.8%

(1)

See ‘‘Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Non­GAAP Financial Measures’’ for
definitions of these Non­GAAP financial measures, information about how and why we use these Non­GAAP financial measures and a
reconciliation of each of these Non­GAAP financial measures to its most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with
U.S. GAAP.

Fiscal Year 2025 Compared to Fiscal Year 2024
Revenues
Revenues were $11,815 million in 2025, an increase of $111 million, or 0.9%, from $11,704 million in 2024. The
increase in our overall revenues was primarily driven by higher pricing of $182 million and contributions of

A­55

Amrize Ltd
$130 million from acquisitions. These factors were partially offset by lower sales volumes and the unfavorable impact
of foreign currency movements. The proportion of revenues related to the Building Materials segment and Building
Envelope segment was 72.1% and 27.9%, respectively, in 2025, compared to 71.2% and 28.8%, respectively, in 2024.
Cost of revenues
Cost of revenues was $8,781 million in 2025, an increase of $147 million, or 1.7%, from $8,634 million in 2024. The
increase was comprised of an increase of $246 million from the Building Materials segment and a decrease of
$83 million from the Building Envelope segment. The increase within Building Materials was primarily driven by
higher manufacturing and distribution costs associated with an equipment outage in our cement network. The decrease
within Building Envelope was assisted by operational efficiencies. Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues was
74.3% and 73.8% in 2025 and 2024, respectively. The proportion of Cost of revenues related to the Building Materials
segment and Building Envelope segment was 73.2% and 26.8%, respectively, in 2025, compared to 71.8% and 28.2%,
respectively, in 2024.
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses were $1,128 million in 2025, an increase of $184 million, or 19.5%, from
$944 million in 2024. The increase was primarily due to additional costs in connection with the Spin­Off (including
professional services, marketing, rebranding, personnel and related costs, and IT projects and related costs) and higher
litigation­related costs.
Gain on disposal of long-lived assets
Gain on disposal of long­lived assets was $15 million in 2025, a decrease of $56 million, from $71 million in 2024. The
decrease was primarily driven by a gain of $31 million within the Building Materials segment related to a land
expropriation transaction that occurred in 2024.
Loss on impairments
Loss on impairments was $15 million in 2025, an increase of $13 million from $2 million in 2024. The increase in 2025
primarily includes impairments recognized on investments and property, plant and equipment.
Interest expense, net
Interest expense, net was $413 million in 2025, a decrease of $99 million, or 19.3%, from $512 million in 2024. The
decrease in interest expense, net was primarily driven by lower average total borrowings in 2025.
Other non-operating income (expense), net
Other non­operating income, net was $4 million in 2025, an increase of $59 million from other non­operating expense,
net of $55 million in 2024. The increase in other non­operating income, net was primarily driven by a Canadian defined
benefit pension plan settlement loss, which contributed $61 million of expense in 2024.
Income tax expense
Income tax expense was $326 million in 2025, a decrease of $42 million, or 11.4%, from $368 million in 2024. The
effective income tax rate was 21.8% in 2025, compared to 22.6% in 2024. The change in effective income tax rate was
primarily attributable to the Organization for Economic Co­operation and Development Pillar Two (‘‘OECD Pillar
Two’’) regulatory guidance released in January 2025, which resulted in a reduction in the OECD Pillar Two tax and a
reduction in our Uncertain Tax Benefits due to statute of limitation expirations.
Income from equity method investments
Income from equity method investments was $11 million in 2025, a decrease of $2 million, or 15.4%, from $13 million
in 2024.

A­56

Amrize Ltd
Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin
Adjusted EBITDA decreased to $3,007 million in 2025 from $3,181 million in 2024. Adjusted EBITDA Margin was
25.5% in 2025, compared with an Adjusted EBITDA Margin of 27.2% in 2024. The decreases were primarily driven by
higher manufacturing and distribution costs associated with an equipment outage in our cement network, the impact of
lower volumes, higher corporate costs, and gains on land sales in 2024. These factors were partially offset by higher
prices. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin performance was as follows:

(In millions, except for percentage data)

Analysis of Change
For the year
For the year
ended
ended
December 31, Acquisitions & Organic Foreign December 31,
%
2024
Divestments
Growth Exchange
2025
change

Total Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA Margin(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)

$11,704
3,181
27.2%

$130
22

$ 34
(181)

$(53)
(15)

$11,815
3,007
25.5%

0.9%
(5.5)%

See ‘‘Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Non­GAAP Financial Measures’’ for
definitions of these non­GAAP financial measures, information about how and why we use these non­GAAP financial measures and a
reconciliation of each of these non­GAAP financial measures to its most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with
U.S. GAAP.

Fiscal Year 2024 Compared to Fiscal Year 2023
Revenues
Revenues were $11,704 million in 2024, an increase of $27 million, or 0.2%, from $11,677 million in 2023. The
increase in our overall revenues was primarily driven by sales price growth, which accounted for $527 million of the
increase, and the contribution of $118 million from acquisitions, of which $93 million was contributed by Duro­Last.
The increase was partially offset by a decrease in revenues from lower sales volumes of $610 million. The proportion
of revenues related to the Building Materials segment and Building Envelope segment was 71.2% and 28.8%,
respectively, in 2024, compared to 73.3% and 26.7%, respectively, in 2023.
Cost of revenues
Cost of revenues was $8,634 million in 2024, a decrease of $274 million, or 3.1%, from $8,908 million in 2023. The
decrease primarily consisted of a decrease of $472 million from the Building Materials segment and an increase of
$193 million from the Building Envelope segment. The decrease within the Building Materials segment was primarily
driven by a drop in sales volume and lower energy costs, as well as strict cost control initiatives. The increase within the
Building Envelope segment was primarily driven by an increase in sales volume and contributions from Duro­Last.
Cost of revenues as a percentage of Revenues was 73.8% and 76.3% in 2024 and 2023, respectively. The proportion of
Cost of revenues related to the Building Materials segment and Building Envelope segment was 71.8% and 28.2%,
respectively, in 2024, compared to 74.8% and 25.2%, respectively, in 2023.
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses were $944 million in 2024, an increase of $46 million, or 5.1%, from
$898 million in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by incremental costs resulting from business acquisitions in
2023, additional headcount in preparation for the Spin­Off and inflationary pressures.
Gain on disposal of long-lived assets
Gain on disposal of long­lived assets was $71 million in 2024, an increase of $39 million, or 121.9%, from $32 million
in 2023. This increase was primarily driven by a gain of $31 million within the Building Materials segment related to
a land expropriation transaction.
Loss on impairments
Loss on impairments was $2 million in 2024, a decrease of $13 million from $15 million in 2023.

A­57

Amrize Ltd
Interest expense, net
Interest expense, net was $512 million in 2024, a decrease of $37 million, or 6.7%, from $549 million in 2023. The
decrease in interest expense, net was primarily driven by repayments of debt owed to related parties along with an
increase in interest income from related parties and interest income from third parties due to higher cash pooling
investments, money market funds and time deposit balances.
Other non-operating income (expense), net
Other non­operating expense, net was $55 million in 2024, an increase of $19 million, or 52.8%, from other
non­operating expense, net of $36 million in 2023. This increase is predominantly related to the impact of the Canadian
defined benefit pension plan settlement loss, which contributed $61 million of expense in 2024, compared to the
U.S. defined benefit pension plan settlement loss, which contributed $33 million of expense in 2023.
Income tax expense
Income tax expense was $368 million in 2024, an increase of $7 million, or 1.9%, from $361 million in 2023. The
increase was primarily driven by an increase in net income before tax. The effective income tax rate was 22.6% in 2024,
compared to 27.8% in 2023. The change in effective income tax rate was primarily attributable to the jurisdictional mix
of pre­tax income, changes in uncertain tax positions, one­time charges made in 2023 that did not recur in 2024 and prior
year provision to return adjustments. These reductions to the effective income tax rate were partially offset by Pillar
Two top­up tax.
Income from equity method investments
Income from equity method investments was $13 million in both 2024 and 2023, reflecting consistent year over year
business performances.
Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin
Adjusted EBITDA increased to $3,181 million in 2024 from $2,844 million in 2023. Adjusted EBITDA Margin was
27.2% in 2024, compared with an Adjusted EBITDA Margin of 24.4% in 2023. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted
EBITDA Margin performance was as follows:

(In millions, except for percentage data)

Total Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA Margin(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)

Analysis of Change
For the year
For the year
ended
ended
December 31, Acquisitions & Organic Foreign December 31,
%
2023
Divestments
Growth Exchange
2024
change

$11,677
2,844
24.4%

$118
14

$ (48)
334

$(43)
(11)

$11,704
3,181
27.2%

0.2%
11.8%

See ‘‘Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Non­GAAP Financial Measures’’ for
definitions of these non­GAAP financial measures, information about how and why we use these non­GAAP financial measures and a
reconciliation of each of these non­GAAP financial measures to its most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with
U.S. GAAP.

Results of Operations by Segment
Fiscal Year 2025 Compared to Fiscal Year 2024
(In millions)

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
% change

Segment revenues:
Building Materials(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Building Envelope . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total revenues. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 8,514
3,301
$11,815

A­58

$ 8,329
3,375
$11,704

2.2%
(2.2)%
0.9%

Amrize Ltd
(In millions)

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
% change

Segment Adjusted EBITDA:
Building Materials . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Building Envelope . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$2,485
732

$2,552
770

(2.6)%
(4.9)%

Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unallocated corporate costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3,217
(210)

3,322
(141)

(3.2)%
48.9%

Adjusted EBITDA(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$3,007

$3,181

(5.5)%

(1)
(2)

Segment revenues for Building Materials are presented net of interproduct revenues between our Cement and Aggregates and other
construction materials product lines of $540 million and $598 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
See ‘‘Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Non­GAAP Financial Measures’’ for
definitions of these non­GAAP financial measures, information about how and why we use these non­GAAP financial measures and a
reconciliation of each of these non­GAAP financial measures to its most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with
U.S. GAAP.

Building Materials
Building Materials segment revenues were $8,514 million in 2025, an increase of $185 million, or 2.2%, from
$8,329 million in 2024. The increase was primarily driven by price growth of $201 million (primarily in aggregates) and
revenues contributed from acquisitions of $34 million. These items were offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign
currency movements.
Cement revenues were $4,389 million in 2025, a decrease of $92 million, or 2.1%, from $4,481 million in 2024.
Aggregates and other construction materials revenues were $4,665 million in 2025, an increase of $219 million, or
4.9%, from $4,446 million in 2024. Market uncertainty impacted demand in 2025, although the commercial market
improved in the second half of 2025.
Volumes
in millions

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
% Change

Cement ­ tons sold1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Aggregates ­ tons sold . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

22.4
118.9

Average Selling Price

(0.9%)
(0.8%)

For the years ended December 31,

$ per ton
1

Cement ­ price per ton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Aggregates ­ price per ton3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1
2
3

22.6
119.8

2025

2024

$170.05
$ 14.06

$170.21
$ 13.35

% Change

Constant
Currency2

% Change
Constant
Currency

(0.1%)
5.3%

$170.65
$ 14.16

0.3%
6.1%

Cement volume and pricing figures presented above exclude trading.
Constant Currency reflects price adjusted to prior period foreign exchange rates.
Aggregates pricing figures presented above are freight adjusted, excluding freight revenues.

Building Materials Segment Adjusted EBITDA decreased $67 million in 2025, or 2.6%, compared to 2024. The
decrease in Building Materials Segment Adjusted EBITDA in was mainly attributable to higher manufacturing and
distribution costs associated with an equipment outage in the cement network and gains on land sales in 2024, partially
offset by price increases in aggregates.
Building Envelope
Building Envelope segment revenues were $3,301 million in 2025, a decrease of $74 million, or 2.2%, from
$3,375 million in 2024. The decrease was primarily driven by lower volumes, partially offset by the contribution from
acquisitions and favorable product mix. The lower volumes reflect softer residential market demand, partially offset by
strong commercial roofing repair and refurbishment activity and system revenues.

A­59

Amrize Ltd
Building Envelope Segment Adjusted EBITDA decreased $38 million in 2025, or 4.9%, compared to 2024. The
decrease in Building Envelope Segment Adjusted EBITDA was attributable to lower volumes and pricing, partially
offset by the contribution from acquisitions.
Fiscal Year 2024 Compared to Fiscal Year 2023
(In millions)

For the years ended December 31,
2024
2023
% change

Segment revenues:
Building Materials(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Building Envelope . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 8,329
3,375

$ 8,564
3,113

(2.7)%
8.4%

Total revenues. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$11,704

$11,677

0.2%

(In millions)

For the years ended December 31,
2024
2023
% change

Segment Adjusted EBITDA:
Building Materials . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Building Envelope . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$2,552
770

$2,314
685

10.3%
12.4%

Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unallocated corporate costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3,322
(141)

2,999
(155)

10.8%
(9.0)%

Adjusted EBITDA(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$3,181

$2,844

11.8%

(1)
(2)

Segment revenues for Building Materials are presented net of interproduct revenues between our Cement and Aggregates and other
construction materials product lines of $598 million and $668 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
See ‘‘Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Non­GAAP Financial Measures’’for definitions of
these non­GAAPfinancial measures, information about how and why we use these non­GAAPfinancial measures and a reconciliation of each of these
non­GAAP financial measures to its most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Building Materials
Building Materials segment revenues decreased $235 million, or 2.7%, in 2024 compared to 2023. The decrease was
primarily driven by lower volumes of $821 million due to lower market demand and a decrease in government
spending, as well as the unfavorable impact of foreign currency movements of $42 million. These items were partially
offset by price growth of $581 million.
Cement revenues were $4,481 million in 2024, a decrease of $80 million, or 1.8%, from $4,561 million in 2023.
Aggregates and other construction materials revenues were $4,446 million in 2024, a decrease of $225 million, or 4.8%,
from $4,671 million in 2023.
Volumes
in millions

For the years ended December 31,
2024
2023
% Change

Cement ­ tons sold1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Aggregates ­ tons sold . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

22.6
119.8

Average Selling Price

(7.4%)
(7.1%)

For the years ended December 31,

$ per ton
1

Cement ­ price per ton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Aggregates ­ price per ton3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1
2
3

24.4
128.9

2024

2023

% Change

Constant
Currency2

$170.21
$ 13.35

$160.48
$ 12.16

6.1%
9.8%

$170.65
$ 13.43

Cement volume and pricing figures presented above exclude trading.
Constant Currency reflects price adjusted to prior period foreign exchange rates.
Aggregates pricing figures presented above are freight adjusted, excluding freight revenues.

A­60

% Change
Constant
Currency

6.3%
10.4%

Amrize Ltd
Building Materials Segment Adjusted EBITDA increased $238 million, or 10.3%, in 2024 compared to 2023. The
increase in Building Materials Segment Adjusted EBITDA was mainly attributable to margin expansion driven by price
growth, partially offset by lower volumes.
Building Envelope
Building Envelope segment revenues increased $262 million, or 8.4%, in 2024 compared to 2023. The increase was
primarily driven by strong demand from re­roofing activities and higher volume from the normalization of buying
patterns in distribution channels, which accounted for $211 million of the increase, as well as the contribution of
$105 million from the acquisitions. These increases were partially offset by price reductions of $54 million due to
competitive pressures and market dynamics.
Building Envelope Segment Adjusted EBITDA increased $85 million, or 12.4%, in 2024 compared to 2023. The
increase in Building Envelope Segment Adjusted EBITDA was mainly attributable to solid volume growth.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In addition to the key operational metrics above and our financial results as reported under U.S. GAAP, we evaluate our
operating performance using certain financial measures, including Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, EBITDA and EBITDA Margin, Free Cash Flow, Net Income Cash Conversion
Ratio and Adjusted EBITDA Cash Conversion Ratio, that are not defined by, or prepared in accordance with, U.S.
GAAP. We refer to these measures as ‘‘non­GAAP’’ financial measures.
These non­GAAP financial measures should not be considered as alternatives to the earnings measures defined by U.S.
GAAP. We utilize these non­GAAP financial measures, among others, to assess our operating performance and to
provide a consistent comparison of performance from period to period and as a basis for strategic planning and
forecasting given our belief that such non­GAAP financial measures closely correlate to long­term enterprise value. We
believe that measuring performance on the basis of Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted
EBITDA Margin, EBITDA and EBITDA Margin, Free Cash Flow, Net Income Cash Conversion Ratio and Cash
Conversion Ratio is useful to investors because it enables consistent evaluation of our operational performance and
liquidity period to period.
‘‘Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA’’ is defined as Net income (loss), and excludes the impact of Depreciation,
depletion, accretion and amortization, Interest expense, net, Income tax expense, Acquisition and integration­related
costs, Litigation­related costs, Loss on impairments, Restructuring and other costs, Spin­off and separation­related
costs, Other non­operating (income) expense, net, Income from equity method investments, and unallocated corporate
costs. ‘‘Adjusted EBITDA’’ is defined as Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA including unallocated corporate costs.
‘‘Adjusted EBITDA Margin’’ is defined as Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenues. ‘‘EBITDA’’ is defined as Net
income (loss), excluding Depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization, Interest expense, net and Income tax
expense. ‘‘EBITDA Margin’’ is defined as EBITDA divided by revenues. ‘‘Free Cash Flow’’ is defined as net cash
provided by (used in) operating activities plus proceeds from property and casualty insurance, proceeds from land
expropriation and proceeds from disposals of long­lived assets less purchases of property, plant and equipment. ‘‘Net
Income Cash Conversion Ratio’’ is defined as Free Cash Flow divided by Net income (loss). ‘‘Adjusted EBITDA Cash
Conversion Ratio’’ is defined as Free Cash Flow divided by Adjusted EBITDA.
Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, EBITDA and EBITDA Margin,
Free Cash Flow, Net Income Cash Conversion Ratio and Adjusted EBITDA Cash Conversion Ratio have limitations as
analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for an analysis of our results as reported under
U.S. GAAP. Because of these limitations, Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA
Margin, EBITDA and EBITDA Margin, Free Cash Flow, Net Income Cash Conversion Ratio and Adjusted EBITDA
Cash Conversion Ratio should not be considered as replacements for revenues, net income (loss), net income (loss)
margin or net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, as determined by U.S. GAAP, or as measures of our
profitability. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our U.S. GAAP results and using non­GAAP
financial measures only for supplemental purposes.
Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, EBITDA and EBITDA Margin are
monitored by management in order to efficiently allocate resources between segments and to assess performance. The

A­61

Amrize Ltd
table below reconciles our net income and net income margin, the most directly comparable financial measures
calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, to Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA
Margin, EBITDA and EBITDA Margin, respectively.
(In millions, except for percentage data)

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisition and integration­related costs(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Litigation­related costs(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on impairments(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Restructuring and other costs(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Spin­off and separation­related costs(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other non­operating (income) expense, net(6) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from equity method investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unallocated corporate costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,182
914
413
326
2,835
64
46
15
19
43
(4)
(11)
3,007
210
$3,217

Building Materials . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Building Envelope . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income margin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
EBITDA Margin. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA Margin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$2,485
$2,552
$2,314
$ 732
$ 770
$ 685
10.0%
10.9%
8.2%
24.0%
26.0%
23.3%
25.5%
27.2%
24.4%

(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)

$1,273
889
512
368
3,042
46
9
2
16
24
55
(13)
3,181
141
$3,322

$ 955
851
549
361
2,716
30
8
15
52
—
36
(13)
2,844
155
$2,999

Acquisition and integration­related costs are those incurred for business combinations, including advisory, legal, valuation, and other
professional fees. Certain warranty charges related to a pre­acquisition manufacturing issue are also included.
Litigation­related costs include certain litigation settlements, environmental remediation, and legal­related consulting and professional fees
that are not representative of expenses arising in the ordinary course of business.
Loss on impairments consist of one­time charges on the Company’s investments and property, plant and equipment.
Restructuring and other costs include charges associated with non­core sites.
Spin­Off and separation­related costs notably include rebranding costs.
Other non­operating (income) expense, net primarily consists of costs related to pension and other postretirement benefit plans and gains on
proceeds from property and casualty insurance.

Free Cash Flow, Net Income Cash Conversion Ratio and Adjusted EBITDA Cash Conversion Ratio are monitored by
management to assess liquidity. The table below reconciles our net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the
most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, to Free Cash Flow, Net Income
Cash Conversion Ratio and Adjusted EBITDA Cash Conversion Ratio.
(In millions)

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Net cash provided by operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Capital expenditures, net(1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Free cash flow . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$2,208
(745)
$1,463

$2,282
(549)
$1,733

$2,036
(581)
$1,455

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income cash conversion ratio . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA cash conversion ratio . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,182
$3,007
1.24
0.49

$1,273
$3,181
1.36
0.54

$ 955
$2,844
1.52
0.51

(1)

Capital expenditures, net includes purchases of property, plant and equipment, proceeds from property and casualty insurance income,
proceeds from land expropriation and proceeds from disposals of long­lived assets.

A­62

Amrize Ltd
Liquidity and Capital Resources
The production of our products requires high levels of fixed capital. Our ability to fund our cash needs will depend on
our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations. In addition, we will rely on access to the capital markets, in
particular for debt financing, in order to satisfy capital requirements not satisfied by cash flows from operating
activities, particularly between April and October, due to the seasonality of our business. We expect to utilize our capital
resources to fund operations and capital expenditures, pursue strategic acquisitions and other business development
transactions and repay our indebtedness over time. We continually evaluate our liquidity requirements in light of our
operating needs, growth initiatives and capital resources. We believe that our existing cash reserves, cash flow from
operations, as well as a range of available financing activities will provide adequate resources to fund our short­ and
long­term capital requirements, including our debt requirements and expected pension contributions for at least the next
twelve months.
As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of $1,922 million and
$1,585 million, respectively, and our total net working capital (total current assets less total current liabilities) amounted
to $1,824 million and $2,231 million, respectively. Prior to the Spin­Off, we participated in Holcim’s centralized cash
management program, including its overall financing arrangements. See Note 23 (Subsequent events) to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
On March 24, 2025, we entered into the 5­year Revolving Credit Facility that may be used for general corporate
purposes with commitments of $2.0 billion. See Note 10 (Debt) to our consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Annual Report.
On March 24, 2025, we also entered into a bridge credit agreement providing for the Bridge Loan with commitments
of $5.1 billion.
On April 7, 2025, Amrize Finance US LLC (‘‘FinanceCo’’) issued $3.4 billion in aggregate principal amount of notes
in an offering exempt from registration under Rule 144A and Regulation S (the ‘‘Notes’’). The net proceeds from the
sale of the notes were approximately $3,381 million (after deductions of fees, discounts and commissions payable to the
initial purchasers and expenses of the offering payable by us). The net proceeds were transferred to Amrize North
America Inc., the parent of FinanceCo, to repay certain outstanding intercompany loans owed to subsidiaries of Holcim
that are not part of Amrize.
On April 8, 2025, we notified JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the lenders, that
following receipt of the net proceeds of the Notes, the commitments under the Bridge Loan were permanently reduced
to $1.7 billion. The Bridge Loan commitments were terminated upon completion of the Spin­Off as the Spin­Off was
consummated without a borrowing under the Bridge Loan facility. See Note 10 (Debt) to our consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
On May 15, 2025, we established the Commercial Paper Program with a maximum aggregate amount of $2.0 billion
outstanding at any time. As of June 10, 2025, the Company began issuing short­term promissory notes under the
Commercial Paper Program, of which no notes were outstanding as of December 31, 2025. See Note 10 (Debt) to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
On June 18, 2025, we completed debt­for­debt exchange offers with holders of the subject debt securities tendering
$880 million of Original Exchange Notes issued by FinanceCo and $925 million of Original Exchange Notes issued by
a subsidiary of Holcim, resulting in the issuance of $1,805 million of New Exchange Notes. On December 19, 2025, we
completed an offer to exchange the New Exchange Notes for a like amount of notes registered under the Securities Act.
See Note 10 (Debt) to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.

A­63

Amrize Ltd
Cash Flows
The following table summarizes our net cash used in and provided by operating, investing and financing activities for
the years indicated:
(In millions)

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Net cash provided by (used in):
Operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 2,208 $ 2,282 $ 2,036
(361) (1,208) (2,025)
(1,555)
(537)
734
45
(59)
11

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents ­ beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

337
1,585

478
1,107

756
351

Cash and cash equivalents ­ end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 1,922

$ 1,585

$ 1,107

Working Capital
Due to the seasonal nature of our business, we typically use cash as working capital increases in the first half of the year.
This increase is driven by higher sales activity and the related impact in accounts receivable, increased inventory from
production, and higher maintenance activities at the beginning of our production season. In the second half of the year,
working capital becomes a source of cash as revenue activity peaks, drawing down inventory, and collecting
outstanding accounts receivable. We may periodically utilize customer early­payment programs and adjust the timing
of certain payments.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Our most significant source of operating cash flows is cash received from customer purchases of our Building Materials and
Building Envelope products. Our primary use of cash from operating activities is to pay for our manufacturing operations.
For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was $2,208 million and
$2,282 million, respectively. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities of $74 million was primarily driven by
lower net income of $91 million as well as working capital changes. Working capital changes included a net use of cash from
accounts receivable of $254 million driven by timing of revenues and customer collections, a net source of cash from
inventory of $85 million driven by timing of production and annual maintenance, and a net source of cash from accounts
payable driven by the timing of payments. See Note 18 (Related party) to our consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information on the settlement of intercompany balances.
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, net cash provided by operating activities was $2,282 million and
$2,036 million, respectively. The increase in cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31,
2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, was primarily driven by an increase in operating income of
$307 million and an increase in cash collections from accounts receivable of $294 million, partially offset by increases
in inventory on­hand to normalize inventory levels after destocking in 2023 with a cash impact of $139 million and an
increase of $91 million in tax payments.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, cash used in investing activities was $361 million and $1,208 million,
respectively. The decrease in cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to the
year ended December 31, 2024, was primarily driven by settling the cash pooling program prior to the Spin­Off of
$905 million and a decrease in acquisition spending of $163 million, partially offset by an increase in investments in our
business through capital expenditures of $146 million. See Note 18 (Related party) to our consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information on the settlement of the cash pooling
program.
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, cash used in investing activities was $1,208 million and
$2,025 million, respectively. The decrease in cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2024, as

A­64

Amrize Ltd
compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, was primarily driven by a decrease in acquisition spending of
$1,358 million primarily related to the acquisition of Duro­Last in 2023, which was partially offset by an increase in
investments to cash pooling of $570 million.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, cash used in financing activities was $1,555 million and
$537 million, respectively. The increase in cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025, as
compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, was primarily driven by an increase in repayments of related­party debt
of $5,269 million, partially offset by an increase in proceeds from issuances of long­term third­party debt of
$3,395 million and proceeds of $922 million from the debt­for­debt exchange. See Note 10 (Debt) and Note 18 (Related
party) to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, cash used in financing activities was $537 million, compared to cash provided
by financing activities of $734 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase in cash used in financing
activities for the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, was primarily
driven by a decrease of $1,235 million in proceeds from issuances of related­party debt.
Contractual Obligations and Commitments
Under various agreements, we are obligated to make future cash payments in fixed amounts. These include payments
under our long­term debt agreements and pension and other postretirement benefit plan contributions. The following
table presents our significant contractual obligations and commitments with definitive payment terms as of
December 31, 2025:
(In millions)

2026

Thereafter

Total

333 $ 701 $701 $ 1 $1,002
164
137 104
86
60
136
114
89
53
30
28
27
25
24
23
524
60
53
46
35

$2,529
246
107
411
90

$5,267
797
529
538
808

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,185 $1,039 $972 $210 $1,150

$3,383

$7,939

Principal on short­term and long­term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Operating lease obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Finance lease obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pension and postretirement contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Purchase obligations(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(1)

2027

2028

2029

2030

Purchase obligations is comprised of purchase commitments of $601 million for goods and services and capital expenditures of $207 million
for property, plant and equipment.

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements
Periodically, we enter into off balance sheet commitments, including surety bonds and letters of credit, to fulfill certain
obligations related to specific projects, insurance and site restoration. As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024,
we had outstanding commitments amounting to $751 million and $809 million, respectively. Historically, no material
claims have been made against these surety bonds and letters of credit. We did not have any other off balance sheet
arrangements as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires management to
make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on
historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be reasonable under the
circumstances. On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments
to ensure that our consolidated financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and we
revise our estimates, as appropriate, when events or changes in circumstances indicate that revisions may be necessary.
Because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ materially from
our assumptions and estimates. Although our assumptions and estimates are based on management’s knowledge of, and
experience with, past and current events, actual results could differ materially from our assumptions and estimates.

A­65

Amrize Ltd
For a discussion of our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 (Summary of significant accounting policies) to our
audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Management believes that the
following accounting policies and estimates are those most critical to fully understanding and evaluating our reported
financial results, and they require management’s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the
need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.
Goodwill Impairment
Goodwill represents the excess purchase price paid for acquired businesses over the estimated fair value of identifiable
assets and liabilities. Goodwill is tested for impairment once a year, during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Such events and changes
in circumstances may include continued economic uncertainty, lower than forecasted revenue, reduced future cash flow
estimates, or a substantial decline in business performance. Goodwill impairment is a critical accounting policy because
goodwill is material to our total assets (goodwill represents 37.2% of total assets as of December 31, 2025 and 37.5%
of total assets as of December 31, 2024), and the evaluation involves the use of significant estimates, key assumptions
and judgment.
We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is at the operating segment level, or one level
below. Our test for goodwill impairment starts with a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to
perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. The qualitative assessment involves the evaluation of certain events
and circumstances, such as industry and market conditions, macroeconomic conditions, cost factors, and relevant
events impacting the financial trends, which may impact a reporting unit’s fair value. If qualitative factors indicate that
it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of its net assets, then we
proceed with a quantitative goodwill impairment test. We may also choose to bypass the qualitative assessment for any
reporting unit in its goodwill assessment and proceed directly to performing the quantitative assessment.
Under the quantitative impairment test, if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then we
recognize an impairment loss equal to that excess, up to the total amount of goodwill associated with that reporting unit.
Under the quantitative impairment test, we calculate the estimated fair value of a reporting unit using the income
approach. For this approach, We utilize internally developed discounted cash flow models that incorporate various
significant assumptions. These significant assumptions utilized in determining the fair values of our reporting units
generally include forecasted revenues, expenses, resulting EBITDA Margins and related cash flows based on assumed
long­term growth rates and demand trends, future projected investments to expand our reporting units, discount rates
and terminal growth rates. These assumptions are based on our historical data and experience, industry projections and
general economic condition projections and they can change year to year based on operating results, market conditions
and other factors. Changes in assumptions or estimates may result from a change in market conditions, market trends,
interest rates or other factors outside our control, or underperformance relative to historical or projected performance.
These conditions could materially affect the estimate of fair value of a reporting unit, and therefore could affect the
likelihood and amount of any potential impairment.
The results of our annual impairment tests for 2025 indicated that the estimated fair values of our reporting units
substantially exceeded their carrying values. For further information, see Note 8 (Goodwill and intangible assets, net)
to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Intangible Assets
Our long­lived intangible assets consist of customer lists, software, mining rights, patented and unpatented technology,
trademarks and other intangible assets. Long­lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight­line basis over their
respective estimated useful lives to the estimated residual values, except for mining rights which are primarily depleted
on a volume basis. We review long­lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of the long­lived intangible assets may not be recoverable. Such events and changes
in circumstances may include significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant
changes in asset use, significant negative industry or economic trends and changes in our business strategy. We
recognize an impairment loss when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset
and its eventual disposition are less than its carrying amount. For further information, see Note 8 (Goodwill and
intangible assets, net) to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.

A­66

Amrize Ltd
Business Combinations
Acquisitions are accounted for as business combinations using the acquisition method in accordance with ASC
Topic 805, Business Combinations, which requires the purchase price to be allocated to assets acquired and liabilities
assumed based on estimated fair values. The purchase price is determined based on the fair value of consideration
transferred to and liabilities assumed from the seller as of the date of acquisition. We allocate the purchase price to the
fair values of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition.
Any excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as
goodwill.
Determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires judgment and often involves the use of
significant estimates and assumptions. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. A fair value
measurement assumes the highest and best use of the asset by market participants.
Allocations of the purchase price are based on preliminary estimates and assumptions at the date of acquisition and are
subject to revision based on final information received including appraisals and other analyses which support
underlying estimates within the measurement period, a period of no more than one year from the acquisition date.
Measurement period adjustments are generally recorded as increases or decreases to goodwill, if any, recognized in the
transaction.
Our consolidated financial statements include the operating results of acquired businesses beginning on the acquisition
date. For further information on our business combinations, see Note 4 (Acquisitions) to our audited consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Income Taxes
Prior to the Spin­Off, our income tax provision was prepared using the separate return method. The separate return
method applies the concepts of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, to the standalone financial statements of each member
of the combined group as if the group members were separate taxpayers. The calculation of our income taxes using the
separate return method requires judgment and use of both estimates and allocations. Furthermore, current obligations
for taxes that may arise under the separate return method where our operations were included in tax returns with the
activities of Holcim are deemed settled with Holcim as a component of Net parent investment for purposes of our
historical consolidated financial statements. As a result, the income taxes presented in our historical consolidated
financial statements may not be indicative of the income taxes that we will generate in the future. Following the
Spin­Off, our income tax provision is calculated based on our operating footprint, as well as tax return elections and
assertions. Given that prior to the Spin­Off our U.S. and Canadian operations were not included in Holcim’s tax filings,
U.S. and Canadian tax returns will be filed on a full­year basis in 2025. Swiss operations, which were included in
Holcim’s tax filings prior to the Spin­Off, will be reflected in separate Swiss tax returns filed beginning on the date of
the Spin­Off.
We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the
financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. We also recognize deferred
tax assets for net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are assessed for realizability and,
where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the
deferred tax asset to an amount that will, more likely than not, be realized in the future. Judgment is applied in assessing
the realizability of these deferred tax assets and the need for any valuation allowances. In determining the amount of
deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized, management considers all positive and negative evidence,
including our historical results and forecasts of future taxable income by jurisdiction, as well as the expected timing of
the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using enacted tax rates applicable in the years in which they are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect
of a change in tax law on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in the provision for income taxes in the period
that includes the enactment date.
The calculation of tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. We
determine if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained on tax
audit, assuming that all issues are audited and resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes are concluded. The tax
benefit is then measured as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. The

A­67

Amrize Ltd
reserves for uncertain tax positions are adjusted as facts and circumstances change, such as upon closing of a tax audit,
expiration of statutes of limitation on potential assessments or refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final outcome
of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the
period in which such a determination is made. The provisions for income taxes include the impact of reserves for uncertain
tax positions, along with the related interest and penalties. For further information, see Note 13 (Income taxes) to our audited
historical consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Product Warranties
We provide standard warranties on many of our products within the Building Envelope segment. Standard warranty
terms range from one year to limited lifetime coverage. We estimate our future assurance warranty costs based on
historical claim rates and product sales. From time to time, we may also increase or decrease preexisting warranty
accruals for updated estimates of the costs necessary to settle specific product liability claims. These updates are
recorded during the period in which (a) the circumstances giving rise to the specific product liability claims become
known and (b) the costs to satisfactorily address the situation are both probable and estimable. Our warranty accounting
policy is considered a critical accounting estimate due to the inherent uncertainty in predicting the future failure rates
of certain roofing products. The estimate is based on historical claims data, historical sales, and the long­tail line of
lifetime coverage. We regularly monitor warranty claims and update our assumptions as necessary to reflect current
conditions. For further information, see Note 17 (Commitments and contingencies) to our audited historical
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Accounting Standards to be Adopted in Future Periods
For a discussion of new accounting standards, see Note 2 (Summary of significant accounting policies) to our audited
historical consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We are exposed to certain market risks, which exist as a part of our ongoing business operations. We monitor and
manage these financial exposures as an integral part of our overall risk management program. To manage the
aforementioned risks, we may, from time to time, use forward contracts, options, swaps, caps, collars, and floors or
pursue other strategies to limit our exposure to changes in markets including changes in interest rates, currency
exchange rates, and commodity prices.
Interest Rate Risk
In connection with the Spin­Off, we entered into the Revolving Credit Facility and the Bridge Loan. We also conducted
the debt­for­debt exchange offers and entered into a commercial paper program. Interest is payable on the loans under
the Revolving Credit Facility at a rate per annum equal to: (i) for revolving loans in U.S. dollars, either (A) a base rate
defined as a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (x) the prime rate then in effect, (y) the greater of the federal funds
rate and the overnight bank funding rate then in effect, in each case, as determined by the Federal Reserve Bank, plus
0.50% per annum, and (z) a term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (‘‘SOFR’’) rate determined on the basis of a
one­month interest period plus 1.00% (the greatest of (x), (y) and (z), the ‘‘Base Rate’’) or (B) the forward­looking
SOFR term rate published by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited subject to floor of zero (‘‘Term SOFR’’)
and (ii) for revolving loans in Canadian dollars, the forward­looking CORRA term rate published by Candeal
Benchmark Administration Services Inc., TSX Inc. or a successor administrator, subject to a floor of zero, plus, in each
case (i) or (ii), an applicable margin based on FinanceCo’s credit rating. As a result, we may be exposed to fluctuations
in interest rates. To help manage this mix of interest rates, we may enter into interest rate swap agreements in which we
exchange periodic payments based on notional amounts and agreed upon fixed and floating interest rates.
Our sensitivity analysis has been determined based on the interest rate exposure relating to our financial liabilities at a
variable rate on a post­hedge basis, excluding commercial paper, as of December 31, 2025. A hypothetical 1.0% change
is used when the interest rate risk is reported internally to key management personnel and represents management’s
assessment of a reasonably possible change in interest rates. A hypothetical 1.0% change in interest rates, with all other
assumptions held constant, would increase our interest rate expense by approximately $7 million and $8 million for the
years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There would be no impact to interest rate expense for the year
ended December 31, 2025, as all outstanding loans were at fixed rates.

A­68

Amrize Ltd
Credit Risk
We are primarily exposed to credit risks which arise when customers may not be able to settle their obligations to us as
agreed. Management periodically assesses the financial reliability of our customers and counterparties to manage this
risk, including through credit approvals, credit limits, selecting major international financial institutions as
counterparties to hedging transactions, and monitoring procedures such as assessing the financial reliability of our
customers and monitoring credit risks. If one or more of our customers were to default in their obligations under their
contractual arrangements with us, we could be exposed to potentially significant losses. Moreover, a prolonged
downturn in the global economy could have an adverse impact on the ability of our customers to pay their obligations
on a timely basis. Many of our customers operate in the construction industry, which is affected by a variety of factors,
including changes in interest rates, and such factors may materially impair the ability of our customers to obtain credit.
We believe that our reserves for potential losses are adequate. As of December 31, 2025, we have no significant
concentration of credit risk with any single counterparty or group of counterparties, and we do not expect any
counterparty to be unable to fulfill its obligations under its agreements with us.
Commodity Risk
We are subject to commodity risks with respect to price changes with respect to energy, including diesel fuel, natural
gas, electricity and coal, as well as petroleum­based chemicals, resins, asphalt, glass fiber, granules and other
commodities. We try to secure our needed supply of these commodities and limit our exposure to price fluctuations in
these commodities through long­term renewable contracts, and from time to time we have used derivative instruments
to hedge part of our exposure to certain of these risks. With respect to energy and fuel risk, we continuously evaluate the
competitiveness of alternative energy sources.
Foreign Exchange Risk
We are exposed to foreign exchange risks primarily as a result of foreign currency cash flows related to third­party
purchases. Additionally, volatile market conditions arising from geopolitical uncertainty may result in significant
changes in foreign exchange rates. In particular, a weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may
negatively affect the translation of foreign currency denominated earnings to U.S. dollars. Primary exposures include
the U.S. dollar versus the Canadian dollar. A hypothetical 5.0% change is used when foreign currency exchange risk is
reported internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of a reasonably possible
change in foreign currency exchange rates. A hypothetical 5.0% movement in the value of the U.S. dollar would have
resulted in a change to our Income before income tax expense and income from equity method investments of
approximately $21 million, $18 million and $16 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023,
respectively.

A­69

Amrize Ltd
Item 8.

Financial Statements & Supplementary Data
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Amrize Ltd
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Amrize Ltd (the Company) as of December 31, 2025
and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows and equity for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
‘‘consolidated financial statements’’). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s Board of Directors and management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also
included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to
accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion
on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter
below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

A­70

Amrize Ltd
Building Envelope Goodwill Impairment Test
Description of the Matter

As of December 31, 2025, the Building Envelope goodwill balance
was $4,026 million. As described in Notes 2 and 8 to the financial
statements, goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually at the
reporting unit level. The Company performed a quantitative
goodwill impairment test for the reporting units in the Building
Envelope segment and therefore estimated the fair market value of
these reporting units.
Auditing management’s quantitative impairment test for goodwill
was complex and judgmental due to the significant estimation
required to determine the fair value of the reporting units in the
Building Envelope segment. In particular, the Company’s fair value
estimates were sensitive to significant assumptions, specifically
forecasted revenues, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization (EBITDA) margins, discount rates and long­term
growth rates, which are forward­looking and affected by
expectations about future market and economic conditions.

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

To test the estimated fair value of the Building Envelope reporting
units, we performed procedures that included, among others,
assessing the reasonableness of forecasted revenues, EBITDA
margins and long­term growth rates used by the Company by
comparing to recent historical financial performance and external
economic forecasts, and evaluating the consistency of those
assumptions with other internal reporting such as the Company’s
business plan. We tested the mathematical accuracy of the models
used by the Company and assessed management’s ability to
forecast by evaluating the historical accuracy of management’s
prior estimates as compared to actual results. We performed
sensitivity analyses of these significant assumptions to understand
the impact of changes on the estimated fair value of the reporting
units. With the assistance of our valuation specialists, we evaluated
the methodologies applied and tested the discount rates used by the
Company by comparing with those developed independently.

/s/ Ernst & Young AG
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2024.
Zurich, Switzerland
February 18, 2026

A­71

Amrize Ltd
Consolidated Statements of Operations
(In millions, except per share data)
For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Revenues. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$11,815
(8,781)

$11,704
(8,634)

$11,677
(8,908)

Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain on disposal of long­lived assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on impairments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3,034
(1,128)
15
(15)

3,070
(944)
71
(2)

2,769
(898)
32
(15)

Operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other non­operating income (expense), net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1,906
(413)
4

2,195
(512)
(55)

1,888
(549)
(36)

Income before income tax expense and income from equity method
investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from equity method investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1,497
(326)
11

1,628
(368)
13

1,303
(361)
13

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1,182
3

1,273
1

955
1

Net income attributable to the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 1,185

$ 1,274

$

$ 2.14
$ 2.14

$ 2.30
$ 2.30

$ 1.73
$ 1.73

553.1
553.6

553.1
553.1

553.1
553.1

Earnings per share attributable to the Company:
Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Weighted-average number of shares outstanding:
Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
A­72

956

Amrize Ltd
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(In millions)
For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Comprehensive income:
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Foreign currency translation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Actuarial gains (losses) and prior service credits (costs) for defined benefit
pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,182

$1,273

$ 955

203
6

(344)
9

92
(19)

4

46

(18)

Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

213

(289)

55

Total comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1,395
3

984
1

1,010
1

Comprehensive income attributable to the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,398

$ 985

$1,011

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
A­73

Amrize Ltd
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(In millions, except share data)
As of December 31,
2025
2024

Assets
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,922 $ 1,585
Accounts receivable, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,120
1,011
Due from related­party . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
58
Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,551
1,452
Related­party notes receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
532
Prepaid expenses and other current assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
88
143
Total current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property, plant and equipment, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intangible assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating lease right­of­use assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other noncurrent assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4,681
7,935
9,020
1,728
608
277

4,781
7,534
8,917
1,832
547
194

Total Assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $24,249 $23,805
Liabilities and Equity
Current Liabilities:
Accounts payable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,538 $ 1,285
Due to related­party. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
89
Current portion of long­term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
333
5
Current portion of related­party notes payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
129
Operating lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
136
149
Other current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
850
893
Total current liabilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long­term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Related­party notes payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred income tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent operating lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other noncurrent liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2,857
4,936
—
1,048
500
1,654

2,550
980
7,518
936
386
1,521

Total Liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

10,995

13,891

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 17)
Equity
Common stock, par value of $0.01 per share, 680,250,615 shares authorized, 566,875,513
shares issued and 553,082,525 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2025. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Additional paid­in capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Retained earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net parent investment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Treasury stock, 13,792,988 shares as of December 31, 2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accumulated other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

6
12,741
902
—
—
(391)

—
—
—
10,521
—
(606)

Total Equity attributable to the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

13,258
(4)

9,915
(1)

Total Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

13,254

9,914

Total Liabilities and Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $24,249 $23,805

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
A­74

Amrize Ltd
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(In millions)
For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,182 $ 1,273 $ 955
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
914
889
851
Loss on impairments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
15
2
15
Share­based compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
14
6
5
Gain on disposal of long­lived assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(15)
(40)
(32)
Gain on land expropriation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
(31)
—
Deferred tax expense (benefit) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
78
(35)
11
Net periodic benefit cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
12
71
43
Other items, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
134
109
71
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions:
Accounts receivable, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(43)
211
(83)
Due from related party . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
49
(22)
1
Inventories. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(61)
(146)
(7)
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
190
28
60
Due to related party. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(82)
(7)
28
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
45
(19)
8
Other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(199)
48
142
Defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans . . . . . . . . .
(25)
(55)
(32)
Net cash provided by operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,208
2,282
2,036
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Purchases of property, plant and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(788)
(642)
(630)
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(86)
(249) (1,607)
Proceeds from disposals of long­lived assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
21
61
49
Proceeds from land expropriation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
20
32
—
Proceeds from property and casualty insurance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2
—
—
Net decrease (increase) in short­term related­party notes receivable from cash
pooling program . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
522
(383)
187
Other investing activities, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(52)
(27)
(24)
Net cash used in investing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(361) (1,208) (2,025)
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Transfers to Holcim, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(91)
(304)
(20)
Proceeds from issuance of long­term debt, net of discount . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3,395
—
—
Payments of debt issuance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(24)
—
—
Net repayments of short­term related­party debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(129)
(101)
(328)
Proceeds from debt­for­debt exchange with Holcim . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
922
—
—
Proceeds from issuances of long­term related­party debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
22
230
1,465
Repayments of long­term related­party debt. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (5,541)
(272)
—
Repayments of long­term third­party debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
—
(335)
Payments of finance lease obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(106)
(82)
(55)
Other financing activities, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(3)
(8)
7
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (1,555)
(537)
734
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
45
(59)
11
Increase in cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
337
478
756
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,585
1,107
351
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,922 $ 1,585 $ 1,107

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
A­75

Amrize Ltd
Consolidated Statements of Equity
(In millions)
Common stock

Treasury stock

Accumulated
Equity
Additional
other
attributable to
paid-in Retained Net parent comprehensive noncontrolling Total
Shares Amount Shares Amount capital earnings investment
loss
interest
equity

Balance as of
December 31, 2022 . . .
Net income (loss) . . . . . .
Other comprehensive
income, net of taxes . . .
Net transfers to Holcim . .
Balance as of
December 31, 2023 . . .
Net income (loss) . . . . . .
Other comprehensive loss,
net of taxes . . . . . . . . .
Net transfers to Holcim . .
Balance as of
December 31, 2024 . . .
Net income (loss) . . . . . .
Other comprehensive
income, net of taxes . . .
Changes in equity
attributable to
noncontrolling interests .
Net transfers from Holcim
including Spin­off­
related adjustments. . . .
Issuance of Common
stock, Treasury stock
and reclassification of
Net parent investment . .
Share­based compensation
expense . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance as of
December 31, 2025 . . .

—
—

$—
—

—
—

$—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

$

—
—

$ —
—

$ 8,581
956

$(372)
—

$ 1
(1)

$ 8,210
955

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
(17)

55
—

—
—

55
(17)

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

9,520
1,274

(317)
—

—
(1)

9,203
1,273

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
(273)

(289)
—

—
—

(289)
(273)

—
—

$—
—

—
—

$—
—

—
—

$ —
902

$ 10,521
283

$(606)
—

$ (1)
(3)

$ 9,914
1,182

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

213

—

213

—

—

—

—

—

—

(1)

—

—

(1)

—

—

—

—

—

—

1,933

2

—

1,935

567

6

(14)

—

12,730

—

(12,736)

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

11

—

—

—

—

11

567

$ 6

(14)

$—

$12,741

$902

—

$(391)

$ (4)

$13,254

$

$

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
A­76

Note Listing

Page

Note 1. Organization and basis of presentation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 2. Summary of significant accounting policies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 3. Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 4. Acquisitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 5. Accounts receivable, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 6. Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 7. Property, plant and equipment, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 8. Goodwill and intangible assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 9. Additional financial information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 10. Debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 11. Leases. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 12. Asset retirement obligations. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 13. Income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 14. Segment and geographic information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 15. Pension and other postretirement benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 16. Accumulated other comprehensive loss. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 17. Commitments and contingencies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 18. Related party . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 19. Supplemental cash flow information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 20. Earnings per share and shareholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 21. Share­based compensation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 22. Equity method investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note 23. Subsequent events . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

A­78
A­80
A­90
A­92
A­95
A­95
A­96
A­96
A­97
A­98
A­101
A­102
A­103
A­107
A­109
A­117
A­117
A­119
A­122
A­122
A­123
A­125
A­125

A­77

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1. Organization and basis of presentation
Organization
Amrize Ltd (the ‘‘Company’’) is a building solutions company focused on the North American market, offering
customers a broad range of advanced building solutions from foundation to rooftop. The Company earns revenue from
the sale of cement, aggregates, ready­mix concrete, asphalt, roofing systems and other building solutions.
The Company is organized into two reportable segments — Building Materials and Building Envelope — that are
aligned with the products and services it provides and based upon the information used by the chief operating decision
maker (‘‘CODM’’) in evaluating the performance of the business and allocating resources and capital.
•

Building Materials: The building materials segment offers a range of branded solutions delivering high­
quality products for a wide range of applications. These include cement and aggregates, as well as a variety
of downstream products and solutions such as ready­mix concrete, asphalt and other construction materials.

•

Building Envelope: The building envelope segment offers advanced roofing and wall systems, including
single­ply membranes, insulation, shingles, sheathing, waterproofing and protective coatings, along with
adhesives, tapes and sealants that are critical to the application of roofing and wall systems.

On June 23, 2025 (the ‘‘Separation and Distribution Date’’), Holcim Ltd (‘‘Holcim’’) completed the previously
announced Spin­Off of the Company (the ‘‘Spin­Off’’) through a distribution of 100% of the Company’s outstanding
shares (the ‘‘Distribution’’) to holders of record of Holcim’s ordinary shares, on a pro rata basis as a dividend­in­kind,
as of the close of business on June 20, 2025, which resulted in the issuance of 553,082,069 Ordinary Shares. This
amount is based on 566,875,513 Holcim shares outstanding at the Separation and Distribution Date and 13,793,444
shares not distributed to Holcim shareholders that are held by the Company as treasury stock. In connection with the
Distribution, the Company and Holcim consummated a series of internal reorganization transactions resulting in the
Company becoming the holder, directly or through its subsidiaries, of the business, activities and operations of Holcim
and its affiliates in the United States, Canada, Switzerland, and Jamaica, as well as certain support operations in
Colombia. As a result of the Distribution, the Company became an independent public company. The Company’s
common stock is listed under the symbol ‘‘AMRZ’’ on the New York Stock Exchange and the SIX Swiss Exchange.
Unless the context otherwise requires, references to ‘‘we,’’‘‘our,’’‘‘us,’’and the ‘‘Company’’refer to (i)Amrize Ltd’s business
prior to the Spin­Off as a carve­out business of Holcim and (ii) Amrize Ltd and its subsidiaries following the Spin­Off.
Basis of presentation
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States (‘‘U.S. GAAP’’) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission (‘‘SEC’’).
Prior to the Spin­Off, the Company operated as a wholly­owned subsidiary of Holcim and not as a standalone company.
These consolidated financial statements and footnotes reflect the historical financial position, results of operations and
cash flows of the Company as historically managed within Holcim for periods prior to the completion of the Spin­Off
and reflect the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as a standalone company for
periods after the completion of the Spin­Off. The historical consolidated financial statements and footnotes for periods
prior to the completion of the Spin­Off were prepared on a ‘‘carve­out’’ basis in connection with the Spin­Off, and were
derived from the consolidated financial statements and historical accounting records of Holcim.
For periods prior to the Spin­Off, the consolidated balance sheet reflects all of the assets and liabilities of Holcim that
are specifically identifiable or directly attributable to the Company, including Net parent investment as a component of
equity. Net parent investment represents Holcim’s historical investment in the Company and includes accumulated net
income attributable to the Company and the net effect of transactions with Holcim and its subsidiaries. See Note 18
(Related party) for additional information. All intercompany balances and transactions within the Company have been
eliminated in these consolidated financial statements.
Prior to the Spin­Off, the Company and Holcim had intercompany activity resulting in revenues and expenses for both
parties. As described in Note 18 (Related party), certain related party transactions between the Company and Holcim

A­78

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
have been included in these consolidated financial statements. Pursuant to the Spin­Off, Holcim ceased to be a related
party to the Company and accordingly, no related party transactions or balances have been reported subsequent to the
Separation and Distribution Date.
Prior to the Spin­Off, the consolidated statements of operations included expense allocations for certain corporate,
infrastructure and other shared services provided by Holcim on a centralized basis, including but not limited to
accounting and financial reporting, treasury, tax, legal, human resources, information technology, insurance, employee
benefits and other shared services that are either specifically identifiable or directly attributable to the Company. These
expenses had been allocated to the Company on the basis of direct usage when specifically identifiable, with the
remainder predominantly allocated on a pro rata basis using revenues. The Company’s management considers this
allocation to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided or the benefit received by the Company
during the periods presented. However, these expense allocations may not be indicative of the actual expenses that
would have been incurred had the Company been a standalone company during the periods presented, and they may not
reflect what the Company’s results of operations may be in the future. These costs are recorded in Cost of revenues and
Selling, general and administrative expenses. See Note 18 (Related party) for additional information. Following the
Spin­Off, a limited number of services that Holcim provided to the Company prior to the Spin­Off are continuing to be
provided for a period of time under a Transition Services Agreement. The Company is now incurring certain costs as a
standalone public company, including services provided by its own resources or through third­party service providers
relating to corporate functions, including executive leadership, accounting and financial reporting, treasury, compliance
and regulatory, human resources, information technology, marketing and communications, insurance, as well as
ongoing additional costs associated with operating as an independent, publicly­traded company.
Historically, Holcim used a centralized approach to cash management and financing of operations. Prior to the Spin­Off,
a majority of the Company’s subsidiaries participated in Holcim’s centralized cash management and financing function.
While the Company maintained bank accounts in the name of its respective legal entities in order to conduct day­to­day
business, cash was managed centrally as part of the overall treasury function and Holcim oversaw a cash pooling
program whereby cash was swept from any subsidiary accounts, including the Company’s accounts, on a daily basis. As
such, cash and cash equivalents held by Holcim at the corporate level were not specifically identifiable or directly
attributable to the Company and, therefore, have not been reflected in these consolidated financial statements prior to
the Spin­Off. Rather, the Company’s residual cash pooling balances as of the end of each reporting period prior to the
Spin­Off were recorded within Related­party notes receivable. See Note 18 (Related party) for more information.
Further, prior to the Spin­Off, Holcim’s third­party debt and related interest expense was not attributed to the Company
because the Company was not considered the primary obligor of the debt, and the Company was not a named guarantor
or joint and severally liable for any of Holcim’s third­party debt. Prior to the Spin­Off, the Company had related­party
note agreements in place with Holcim for the financing of its capital needs, which are reflected as Related­party notes
payable on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024. As part of the Spin­Off, the Company issued senior
unsecured notes and completed a bond exchange as described in Note 10 (Debt). A portion of the proceeds from the
issuance of the senior unsecured notes and completion of the bond exchange was used to repay the Company’s
related­party indebtedness due to Holcim. Holcim also completed an equity contribution to the Company to settle the
remaining related­party indebtedness due to Holcim as described in Note 18 (Related party). Interest expense, net in the
consolidated statements of operations reflects interest on borrowing and funding associated with the related­party note
agreements for periods prior to the Spin­Off. Subsequent to the Spin­Off, Interest expense, net in the consolidated
statements of operations reflects interest expense primarily related to the newly issued senior unsecured notes, the notes
obtained in the bond exchange with Holcim, the commercial paper program, and interest associated with other
long­term debt. See Note 10 (Debt) for further detail.
In connection with the Spin­Off, the Company entered or adopted several agreements, including a Separation and
Distribution Agreement, Transition Services Agreement, and Tax Matters Agreement, among others, that provide a
framework for the post separation relationship between the Company and Holcim. See Note 18 (Related party) for more
information on these agreements.
Additionally, in relation to the Spin­Off, Holcim allocated $11 million and $15 million of transaction costs to the
Company for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. There were no transaction costs related to the
Spin­Off allocated for the year ended December 31, 2023. These allocated transaction costs correspond to the costs
incurred by the Holcim that are directly attributable to the Company, such as rebranding costs, employee­related costs

A­79

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(i.e. recruitment and relocation expenses) and costs to establish certain standalone functions. These costs are recorded
in Selling, general and administrative expenses and are deemed to be settled in the period in which the costs are included
in Net parent investment on the consolidated balance sheet for periods prior to the Spin­Off. The Company also directly
recorded certain non­recurring transaction costs related to the Spin­Off. See Note 14 (Segment and geographic
information) for detail on total non­recurring Spin­Off and separation­related costs.
Note 2. Summary of significant accounting policies
Use of estimates
These consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires management to
make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses reported on these consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Management’s
assumptions, estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, current trends and other factors that
management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances.
On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that
these consolidated financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and the Company
revises its estimates, as appropriate, when events or changes in circumstances indicate that revisions may be necessary.
These consolidated financial statements reflect, in the opinion of management, all material adjustments (which include
only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to fairly state, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company for the years presented.
Significant accounting estimates reflected in these consolidated financial statements are used for, but are not limited to,
accounting for the inventory excess and obsolescence reserves, revenue recognition under the percentage of completion
method, volume based rebates, contingent liabilities including warranty, share­based compensation, pension and other
postretirement benefits, tax valuation allowances, uncertain tax positions, impairment of goodwill and other long­lived
assets, asset retirement obligations, self­insurance reserves, litigation and other loss contingencies, fair values of
acquired assets and liabilities assumed under the acquisition method of accounting and assumptions used for the
allocation of general corporate expenses prior to the Spin­Off. The Company also considers the potential impacts of
climate­related factors in developing the estimates and assumptions underlying the accounting areas noted above.
Estimates and assumptions have been based on the available information and regulations in place as of December 31,
2025. Although these assumptions and estimates are based on management’s knowledge of, and experience with, past
and current events, actual results could differ materially from these assumptions and estimates.
Fair value measurements
Fair value accounting is applied for all financial assets and liabilities that are reported at fair value on these consolidated
financial statements on a recurring basis. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Financial
Accounting Standards Board (‘‘FASB’’) Accounting Standards Codification (‘‘ASC’’) Topic 820, Fair Value
Measurement, establishes a defined framework to disclose the fair value of assets and liabilities on both the date of their
initial measurement as well as all subsequent periods. The framework prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value
by the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement.
The Company classifies and discloses assets and liabilities carried at fair value in one of the following three categories:
•

Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity
can access at the measurement date.

•

Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
either directly or indirectly.

•

Level 3: Unobservable inputs for which market data are not available and that are developed using the best
information available about the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.

Considerable judgment may be required in interpreting market data used to develop the estimates of fair value.

A­80

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The estimated fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current
transaction between willing parties, other than a forced or liquidation sale. These estimates, although based on the
relevant market information about the financial instrument, are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and
matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could
significantly affect the estimates.
The Company measures certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Assets and liabilities that are
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include long­lived assets and goodwill, which would generally be
recorded at fair value as a result of an impairment charge. The fair value measurements of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed are also measured on a nonrecurring basis on the acquisition date using income, market or cost valuation
techniques based on inputs that are not observable in the market and therefore represent Level 3 inputs. Such inputs may
include the projection of cash flows, the estimated discount rate that reflects the level of risk associated with receiving
future cash flows, comparable market transactions or replacement costs or reproduction costs. Intangible assets are
often valued using inputs primarily for the income approach using the excess earnings method or relief from royalty
method. The significant inputs used in estimating fair value include revenue projections of the business, including
profitability, attrition rates and the estimated discount rate that reflects the level of risk associated with receiving future
cash flows.
See Note 15 (Pension and other postretirement benefits) for further information about the fair value of the Company’s
defined benefit pension plan assets. See Note 10 (Debt) for further information about the fair value of the Company’s
third­party long­term debt. See Note 4 (Acquisitions) for further information about the fair value of the Company’s
acquired assets and liabilities.
The carrying values of the Company’s current assets and current liabilities approximate their fair values because of the
short­term nature of these balances.
Revenue recognition
Revenues are recognized in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company
earns revenue from the sale of Building Materials products (cement, aggregates, ready­mix concrete, asphalt and other
construction materials) and Building Envelope products (advanced roofing and wall systems, including single­ply
membranes, insulation, shingles, sheathing, waterproofing and protective coatings, along with adhesives, tapes and
sealants that are critical to the application of roofing and wall systems).
The Company recognizes revenue when it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service
to a customer. This occurs when the customer obtains control of that good or service. The customer obtains control when
the significant risks and rewards of products sold are transferred according to the specific delivery terms that have been
formally agreed with the customer, which is generally upon delivery when the bill of lading is signed by the customer
as evidence that they have obtained physical possession and accepted the products delivered to them.
The amount of revenue recognized is the amount allocated to the satisfied performance obligation. A performance
obligation may be satisfied at a point in time, usually for promises to transfer goods, or over time, typically for promises
to transfer services or for construction­related activities. For performance obligations satisfied over time, the Company
recognizes revenue over time by selecting an appropriate method for measuring the Company’s progress towards
complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. The objective when measuring progress is to depict the
Company’s performance in transferring control of goods or services promised to a customer. Over time revenues are
related to the Company’s construction­related activities and contracts, which are primarily short­term in nature. A
majority of the over time revenues is derived from construction contracts started during a reporting period and
completed during the subsequent reporting period.
The Company often sells its core products with volume discounts. Revenue is recognized based on the price specified
on the invoice, net of estimated discounts. Accumulated experience is used to estimate the discounts. The Company
records discounts as a reduction of revenues with a corresponding offset to Accounts receivable, net when there is both
the contractual right and intent to offset. When these offset conditions do not exist, the Company records discounts as
reduction of revenues with a corresponding accrued liability recorded within Accounts payable. No element of
financing is deemed present as the sales are made with credit terms largely ranging between 30 days and 60 days
depending on the specific terms agreed to with the Company, which is consistent with market practice. Generally,

A­81

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
cement, aggregates, asphalt, concrete and roofing systems are not returned as a customer will only accept these products
once they have passed a stringent quality check at the point of delivery. The Company has elected to treat freight and
delivery activities as fulfillment costs and recognize the costs within Cost of revenues on the consolidated statements
of operations at the time the related revenue is recognized.
The Company offers separately priced extended warranties, generally ranging from 5 to 30 years, on many of its roofing
systems. Revenues from such activities are deferred and recognized in income over the life of the warranty on a
straight­line basis. As such, a portion of the overall transaction price is allocated to these performance obligations and
recognized in revenue over time, as the performance obligations are satisfied.
The Company is deemed to be an agent when collecting sales taxes from customers. Sales taxes collected are recorded
as liabilities until remitted to taxing authorities and therefore are not reflected in the consolidated statements of
operations. The sales tax liability is recorded within Other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
Costs to obtain and fulfill contracts are immaterial and are expensed as incurred when the expected amortization period
is one year or less. See Note 3 (Revenues) and Note 14 (Segment and geographic information) for further information.
Contract assets and liabilities
The timing of revenue recognition under the cost­to­cost method of accounting may differ from the timing of invoicing
to customers, which may result in a contract asset or a contract liability. Contracts from contracting services usually
stipulate the timing of payment and are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed upon contractual terms.
Generally, billing to the customer occurs contemporaneously to revenue recognition.
Contract assets, which are the Company’s right to consideration that is conditional on something other than the passage
of time, relate mainly to construction and paving activities. Contract assets occur when revenues are recognized under
the cost­to­cost measure of progress, which exceeds amounts billed on uncompleted contracts. Such amounts will be
billed as standard contract terms allow, usually based on various measures of performance or achievement. Contract
assets are not considered a significant financing component as they are intended to protect the customer in the event the
Company does not satisfy its obligations under the contract. Contract assets are recorded within Prepaid expenses and
other current assets and Other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
Contract liabilities, which are the Company’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the
Company has already received consideration, relate mainly to advance payments from customers and warranty
programs. A contract liability occurs when there are billings in excess of revenues recognized under the progress on
uncompleted contracts. Contract liabilities decrease as revenue is recognized from the satisfaction of the related
performance obligation. Contract liabilities are not considered to have a significant financing component as they are
used to meet working capital requirements that generally are higher in the early stages of a contract and are intended to
protect the Company from the other party failing to meet its obligations under the contract. Contract liabilities are
recorded within Other current liabilities and Other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 3
(Revenues) for further information.
Warranties
As outlined above within the revenue recognition policy, the Company offers extended warranty contracts on sales of
certain products within the Building Envelope segment. Costs under extended warranty contracts are expensed as
incurred and recorded within Cost of revenues. The Company evaluates extended warranty contracts on a contract
duration basis and recognizes losses on defined pools of extended warranty contracts when the expected costs for a
given pool of contracts exceed related unearned revenue. Total expected costs of providing extended product warranty
services are actuarially determined using standard quantitative measures based on historical claims experience and
management judgment.
In addition to extended warranties, the Company also provides standard warranties on many of its products within the
Building Envelope segment. Standard warranty terms range from one year to limited lifetime coverage. The Company
estimates its future warranty costs based on historical trends and product sales. From time to time, the Company may
also increase or decrease preexisting warranty accruals for updated estimates of the costs necessary to settle specific
product liability claims. These updates are recorded during the period in which (a) the circumstances giving rise to the

A­82

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
specific product liability claims become known and (b) the costs to satisfactorily address the situation are both probable
and estimable. See Note 17 (Commitments and contingencies) for further information.
Business combinations
Acquisitions are accounted for as business combinations using the acquisition method in accordance with ASC Topic
805, Business Combinations, which requires the purchase price to be allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based on estimated fair values. The purchase price is determined based on the fair value of consideration transferred to
and liabilities assumed from the seller as of the date of acquisition. The Company allocates the purchase price to the fair
values of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition.
Any excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as
goodwill.
Determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires judgment and often involves the use of
significant estimates and assumptions. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. A fair value
measurement assumes the highest and best use of the asset by market participants.
Allocations of the purchase price are based on preliminary estimates and assumptions at the date of acquisition and are
subject to revision based on final information received, including appraisals and other analyses which support
underlying estimates within the measurement period, a period of no more than one year from the acquisition date.
Measurement period adjustments are generally recorded as increases or decreases to goodwill recognized in the
transaction.
The results of acquired businesses have been included in these consolidated financial statements beginning on the
acquisition date. See Note 4 (Acquisitions) for further information.
Foreign currency transactions and translation
These consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, which is the reporting currency of the Company.
A portion of the Company’s revenues are in currencies other than its reporting currency due to the Company’s
operations in Canada. As such, the Company has exposure to adverse changes in the U.S. dollar / Canadian dollar
exchange rate.
Operating results and cash flows from subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar have been translated
into U.S. dollars at average exchange rates for the relevant periods, and the related balance sheets of such subsidiaries
have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rates of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. The Company releases
any related cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment into Net income on the consolidated statements of
operations only if a foreign entity is sold or the complete or substantially complete liquidation of the foreign entity
occurs. Adjustments arising on translation of the operating results and net assets of these subsidiaries and equity method
investments are recognized as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss on the consolidated
balance sheets.
Transactions by entities in currencies other than the respective functional currencies are recorded at the rate of exchange
in effect at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are remeasured
at the rate of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. Non­monetary items are measured at historical rates. The
impact of realized and unrealized gains and losses arising from foreign currencies was immaterial in all of the years
presented.
Self-insurance reserves
The Company’s wholly­owned captive insurance company, Mountain Prairie Insurance Company (‘‘MPIC’’), which is
subject to applicable insurance rules and regulations, is the primary insurer for the Company’s exposure related to
workers’compensation, general liability, property, product liability and automobile liability. Additionally, the Company
maintains a self­insurance reserve for health insurance programs offered to eligible employees. The Company is
self­insured up to certain retention limits for these exposures and purchases excess coverage from unrelated insurance
carriers and obtains third­party coverage for other forms of insurance.

A­83

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
MPIC establishes a reserve for estimated losses on reported claims and those incurred but not yet reported utilizing
actuarial projections and historical trends. In establishing self­insurance reserves, management applies significant
judgment in assessing the probability of loss and the ability to reasonably estimate potential exposure, including
consideration of information from both internal and external legal counsel. Certain claims and litigation costs, due to
their unique nature, are not included in actuarial studies. For matters not included in actuarial studies, legal defense costs
are accrued when incurred. We assess unique cases individually and, where appropriate, establish specific provisions to
address the particular circumstances and potential exposures associated with these matters. The reserves are classified
within Other current liabilities or Other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets based on projections of
when the estimated loss will be paid. The estimates that are utilized to record potential losses on claims are inherently
subjective, and actual claims could differ from amounts recorded, which could result in an increase or decrease of
expense in future years.
Self­insurance reserves, excluding certain amounts recorded in Accounts payable, were $132 million and $89 million
as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Pension and other postretirement benefits:
The Company sponsors defined benefit pension plans, other postretirement benefit plans and defined contribution plans
in which only employees, retirees and former employees of the Company participate. The Company’s employees also
participate in certain multiple­employer and union­sponsored multiemployer pension plans to which the Company
contributes along with other employers.
Defined benefit pension plans sponsored by the Company
The Company uses professionally qualified independent actuaries to value its defined benefit pension plan obligations
on an annual basis at year end. The liabilities and costs of pension benefits are determined using the projected unit credit
method. The Company recognizes the funded status of its defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit
plans (the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation) as an asset or liability on the
consolidated balance sheets.
Actuarial gains and losses are recognized as a component of Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. Amounts
recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss on the consolidated balance sheets are reclassified to Net income
on the consolidated statements of operations in a systematic manner over the average remaining service period of
participants and the amount amortized is determined using a corridor approach. The pension and other postretirement
benefit obligations are measured as the present value of estimated future cash flows using discount rates that are
determined by reference to the interest rates on high quality corporate bonds, with the currency and terms of the
corporate bonds consistent with the currency and estimated terms of the pension and other postretirement benefit
obligations.
The cost for pension and other postretirement benefit plans charged to the consolidated statements of operations
consists of service cost, net interest expense, expected return on plan assets, amortization of actuarial gains and losses
and curtailment and settlement gains and losses. The Company presents the service cost component of Net periodic
benefit cost within Cost of revenues and Selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of
operations. The other components of Net periodic benefit cost are reported within Other non­operating income
(expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations.
Defined contribution plans sponsored by the Company
In addition to the defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans described above, the Company
sponsors defined contribution plans. The Company’s contributions to defined contribution plans are charged to Cost of
revenues and Selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations in the period to
which the contributions relate.
Union-sponsored multiemployer pension plans
The Company participates in and contributes to 18 union­sponsored multiemployer pension plans for U.S. employees,
17 union­sponsored multiemployer pension plans for Canadian employees and 13 union­sponsored registered

A­84

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
retirement savings plan for Canadian employees, all of which are currently open plans. The Company’s contributions
to union­sponsored multiemployer pension plans are charged to Cost of revenues on the consolidated statements of
operations in the period to which the contributions relate. See Note 15 (Pension and other postretirement benefits) for
further information.
Share-based compensation
The Company grants share­based awards, which consist of restricted stock units (‘‘RSUs’’), performance stock units
(‘‘PSUs’’), and performance stock options (‘‘PSOs’’). All of the share­based compensation awards are classified as
equity awards. Share­based compensation cost is measured at the grant­date fair value. The Company uses the
straight­line amortization method to recognize compensation expense related to RSUs, which only have a service
condition. For PSUs and PSOs based on total shareholder return, compensation expense is recognized whether or not
the market condition is attained, as long as the service condition is met. For PSUs based on internal financial
performance metrics, compensation expense is recognized over the service period based on the estimated achievement
of the performance criteria, which is evaluated on a quarterly basis. The Company has elected to recognize forfeitures
as an adjustment to compensation expense in the same period as the forfeitures occur. The Company either purchases
shares on the open market, utilizes treasury shares, or issues new Ordinary Shares to satisfy the vesting of share­based
awards. See Note 21 (Share­based compensation) for further information.
Advertising costs
Advertising and promotion costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising and promotion expenses were $45 million,
$25 million and $15 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are recorded
within Selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Advertising and
promotion costs for the year ended December 31, 2025 include approximately $15 million related to Amrize rebranding.
Income taxes
For 2025, the Company’s income tax provision reflects a combination of (i) income tax expense determined using the
separate return method for operations that were previously included in the Holcim’s tax filings and (ii) standalone
income tax expense for periods and jurisdictions in which the Company is required to file tax returns based on its
operating footprint. Given that prior to the Spin­Off the Company’s U.S. and Canadian operations were not included in
Holcim’s tax filings, U.S. and Canadian tax returns will be filed on a full­year basis in 2025. Swiss operations were
included in Holcim’s Swiss legal entity tax filings prior to the Spin­Off, hence, standalone Swiss operations beginning
post Spin­Off will be reflected in separate Swiss legal entity tax returns filed by the Company. Tax liabilities as of
December 31, 2025 are reported within the consolidated balance sheet based upon estimated amounts due to tax
authorities for which the Company is the primary obligor.
Prior to the Spin­Off, the Company’s income tax provision was prepared using the separate return method. The separate
return method applies the concepts of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, to the standalone financial statements of each
member of the combined group as if the group members were separate taxpayers. The calculation of the Company’s
income taxes using the separate return method requires judgment and use of both estimates and allocations.
Furthermore, current obligations for taxes that may arise under the separate return method where the Company’s
operations were included in tax returns with the activities of Holcim are deemed settled with Holcim as a component of
Net parent investment for purposes of these consolidated financial statements. As a result, the income taxes of the
Company prior to the Spin­Off, as presented in these consolidated financial statements, may not be indicative of the
income taxes that the Company will generate in the future.
The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to differences
between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. The Company
also recognizes deferred tax assets for net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are assessed
for realizability and, where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized, a valuation allowance is
recorded to reduce the deferred tax asset to an amount that will, more likely than not, be realized in the future. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates applicable in the years in which they are expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax law on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in the provision
for income taxes in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company releases tax effects from Accumulated
other comprehensive loss when the underlying items affect earnings.

A­85

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The calculation of tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. The
Company determines if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that a tax position will
be sustained on tax audit, assuming that all issues are audited and resolution of any related appeals or litigation
processes are concluded. The tax benefit is then measured as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be
realized upon ultimate settlement. The reserves for uncertain tax positions are adjusted as facts and circumstances
change, such as upon closing of a tax audit, expiration of statutes of limitation on potential assessments or refinement
of an estimate. To the extent that the final outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such
differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such a determination is made. The
provisions for income taxes include the impact of reserves for uncertain tax positions, along with the related interest and
penalties. See Note 13 (Income taxes) for further information.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise short­term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or
less at the time of purchase. From time to time, the Company invests in money market funds and time deposits and
includes the interest income generated from these investments within Interest expense, net on the consolidated
statements of operations. Interest income generated from these investments was $36 million, $21 million and
$10 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There was no balance in money
market funds as of December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2024, the balance of money market funds was $280 million.
As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the balances for time deposits were $1,334 million and $840 million, respectively.
The fair value of the Company’s money market funds and time deposits approximate carrying value due to their
short­term maturities.
Prior to the Spin­Off, a majority of the Company’s subsidiaries participated in a cash pooling arrangement under
Holcim’s centralized treasury function where cash was swept from subsidiary accounts, including the Company’s
accounts, on a daily basis. The Company’s residual cash pooling balances as of the end of each reporting period prior
to the Spin­Off were recorded within Related­party notes receivable. Subsequent to the Spin­Off, the Company
manages its own cash and cash equivalents and no longer participates in Holcim’s centralized cash pooling
arrangements. See Note 18 (Related party) for more information.
Accounts receivable, net
The Company’s customers are primarily within the United States and Canada. No individual customer represents more
than 10% of the Company’s accounts receivable, net during any of the fiscal years presented. A trade receivable is
recognized when the products are delivered to a customer as this is the point in time that the consideration becomes
unconditional because only a passage of time is required before the payment is due. Accounts receivable is recorded net
of an allowance for credit losses that are not expected to be recovered.
The Company recognizes the allowance for credit losses based on management’s expectation of the asset’s
collectability. The allowance for credit losses is based on management’s assessment of the collectability considering
various factors including historical experience with bad debts and the aging of such accounts receivable, as well as
management’s expectations of conditions in the future, if applicable. Any balances that are eventually deemed
uncollectible (after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote) are
written off against the allowance for credit losses.
As of December 31, 2025, the Company has no significant concentration of credit risk with any single counterparty or
group of counterparties. See Note 5 (Accounts receivable, net) for further information.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of inventory cost and net realizable value. Inventory cost is determined using the
weighted­average cost method. In determining the net realizable value, the Company considers factors such as
deterioration, obsolescence, expected future demand and past experience. See Note 6 (Inventories) for further
information.
Financial instruments
The Company mainly uses various derivative financial instruments in order to reduce its exposure to changes in
commodity prices. The Company has entered into swaps and options with external counterparties to manage its

A­86

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
exposure to commodity risks. As of December 31, 2025, these contracts primarily have a maximum remaining maturity
of 24 months. The Company’s derivatives are not subject to master netting arrangements that allow for the offset of
assets and liabilities.
The Company enters into derivatives to manage cash flow exposures. Cash flow exposures relate to the variability of
future cash flows associated with recognized assets or liabilities or forecasted transactions. When a derivative is
executed and hedge accounting is appropriate, it is designated as either a fair value hedge, a cash flow hedge or a net
investment hedge. Whether designated as hedges for accounting purposes or not, all derivatives are linked to an
appropriate underlying exposure. On an ongoing basis, the Company assesses the effectiveness of all derivatives
designated as hedges for accounting purposes to determine if they continue to be highly effective in offsetting changes
in fair values or cash flows of the underlying hedged items. If it is determined that a hedge is not highly effective, then
hedge accounting will be discontinued prospectively.
Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently
remeasured at their fair value. The Company’s derivatives are primarily classified as Level 2. The fair values of the
Company’s derivatives are not material. The method of recognizing the resulting gain or loss is dependent on the nature
of the item being hedged. Derivative assets, which were related­party in nature prior to the Spin­Off, are included within
Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other noncurrent assets, and derivative liabilities, which were related­
party in nature prior to the Spin­Off, are included within Other current liabilities and Other noncurrent liabilities on the
consolidated balance sheets. Derivatives recognized in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31 are as follows:
(In millions)

2025

2024

Cash Flow Hedges
Other current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other noncurrent liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$—
1
—

$1
7
3

Changes in fair value of derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges are deferred in Accumulated other
comprehensive loss on the consolidated balance sheets and are reclassified to Net income on the consolidated
statements of operations as the underlying hedged transaction affects Net income. Reclassification to Net income may
take place in the period during which the hedged transaction occurs or if it becomes probable that the forecasted
transaction will not occur. Provided the hedge remains highly effective, any ineffectiveness is deferred in Accumulated
other comprehensive loss on the consolidated balance sheets and is reclassified to Net income on the consolidated
statements of operations as the underlying hedged transaction affects Net income.
Property, plant and equipment, net
Property, plant and equipment, net is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation, depletion and any accumulated
impairments. Costs are only included in the asset’s carrying amount when it is probable that economic benefits will flow
to the Company in future periods and the costs can be measured reliably. Costs include initial estimates for dismantling
and removing the item and for restoring the site on which it is located. All other repair and maintenance expenses are
charged to the consolidated statements of operations during the period in which they are incurred. The Company
capitalizes interest cost as a component of construction in progress on qualifying construction projects. No interest was
capitalized for construction in progress for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. Government grants
received related to capital projects are deducted from property, plant and equipment and were immaterial in all of the
years presented.
The straight­line method of depreciation is used for substantially all of the assets for financial reporting purposes,
except for land with raw material reserves which uses the units­of­production method of depreciation (depletion).
Property, plant and equipment is depreciated over its useful life, which are based on management’s estimates of the
period that the assets can be used by the Company. Mineral reserves are depleted based on the units of output expected
to be obtained by the Company. Depreciation and depletion expenses are recorded within Cost of revenues and Selling,
general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.

A­87

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment (excluding land with raw material reserves) are generally
as follows:
Buildings and installations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Machines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Furniture, vehicles and tools . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

20 to 35 years
10 to 30 years
3 to 10 years

Property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized if expected future
undiscounted cash flows over the estimated remaining service life of the related asset group are less than the asset
group’s carrying value. See Note 7 (Property, plant and equipment, net) for further information.
Goodwill and intangible assets, net
Goodwill represents the excess purchase price paid for acquired businesses over the estimated fair value of identifiable
assets and liabilities. Goodwill is tested for impairment once a year, during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company assesses
goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is at the operating segment level, or one level below. The
Company’s test for goodwill impairment starts with a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to
perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. If qualitative factors indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair
value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of its net assets, then the Company proceeds with a quantitative
goodwill impairment test. The Company may also choose to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in
its goodwill assessment and proceed directly to performing the quantitative assessment.
Under the quantitative impairment test, if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then the
Company recognizes an impairment loss equal to that excess, up to the total amount of goodwill associated with that
reporting unit. Under the quantitative impairment test, the Company calculates the estimated fair value of a reporting
unit using the income approach. For this approach, the Company utilizes internally developed discounted cash flow
models that incorporate various significant assumptions. These significant assumptions utilized in determining the fair
values of our reporting units generally include forecasted revenues, expenses, resulting EBITDA Margins and related
cash flows based on assumed long­term growth rates and demand trends, future projected investments to expand our
reporting units, discount rates and terminal growth rates.
The Company’s long­lived intangible assets consist of customer lists, software, mining rights, patented and unpatented
technology, trademarks and other intangible assets. Long­lived intangible assets are recognized and recorded at their
acquisition date fair values. Long­lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight­line basis over their respective
estimated useful lives to the estimated residual values, except for mining rights, which are depleted on a volume basis.
The Company reviews long­lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of the long­lived intangible assets may not be recoverable.
The estimated useful lives of long­lived intangible assets are as follows:
Customer lists . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Patented and unpatented technology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Software . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trademarks, brand and other marketing­related items. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8 to 20 years
8 to 20 years
3 years
15 to 25 years

The Company reported no long­lived intangible asset impairment charges for the years ended December 31, 2025 and
2024 and an immaterial long­lived intangible asset impairment for the year ended December 31, 2023. See Note 8
(Goodwill and intangible assets, net) for further information.
Debt
Debt is recorded at the proceeds received by the Company, net of debt issuance costs. Debt is subsequently stated at
amortized cost. Debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt. Debt issuance discounts
and premiums are also amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method over the term of the debt.
See Note 10 (Debt) for further information.

A­88

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Leases
The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at contract inception and recognizes a right­of­use
(‘‘ROU’’) asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date in accordance with ASC Topic 842, Leases. The
lease liability is measured at the present value of future lease payments as of the lease commencement date. The ROU
asset recognized is based on the lease liability adjusted for prepaid and deferred rent, initial direct costs and any
unamortized lease incentives.
Leases are evaluated and classified as either finance leases or operating leases. A lease is classified as a finance lease if
any one of the following criteria are met: (1) the lease transfers ownership of the asset by the end of the lease term;
(2) the lease contains an option to purchase the asset that is reasonably certain to be exercised; (3) the lease term is for
a major part of the remaining useful life of the asset; (4) the underlying asset is of such a specialized nature that is
expected to have no alternative use to the lessor at the end of the lease term; or (5) the present value of the lease payments
equals or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the asset. A lease is classified as an operating lease if it does not
meet any one of the above criteria.
The subsequent measurement of finance leases is accounted for at amortized cost using the effective­interest method.
The subsequent measurement of operating leases is accounted for using a single lease cost, resulting in straight­line
lease expense recognition. Leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the consolidated
balance sheets but are instead expensed on a straight­line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments are
expensed as incurred.
For leases that do not specify the implicit discount rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate, which is equal
to the rate of interest the Company would have to pay on a collateralized basis to borrow an amount equal to the lease
payments under similar terms. Leases may include renewal options that could extend the lease term for a specified
period of time. As of the commencement date of each lease, management determines if the Company is reasonably
certain to exercise these options and adjusts the lease term accordingly.
Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight­line basis over the lease term and is included within Cost of
revenues and Selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Finance lease
amortization is included within Cost of revenues and Selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated
statements of operations, and interest expense is included within Interest expense, net on the consolidated statements of
operations. The assets and liabilities relating to operating leases are included within Operating lease right­of­use assets,
net, Operating lease liabilities and Noncurrent operating lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
The estimated useful lives of the related leased assets are the lesser of the lease term or the following:
Land

Indefinite

Rail fleet and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Machinery and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Buildings and construction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Furniture and fixtures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Land fleet equipment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

25 years
10 to 30 years
20 to 35 years
3 to 10 years
3 to 15 years

The Company has elected to separate non­lease components for all classes of underlying assets, such as payments made
for maintenance and other service charges, from the lease component and accounts for such components in Cost of
revenues and Selling, general and administrative expenses on a cost incurred basis. See Note 11 (Leases) for further
information.
Asset retirement obligations
The Company recognizes asset retirement obligations (‘‘AROs’’) primarily related to its mining, cement and aggregates
plant operations. AROs are legal obligations associated with the retirement of long­lived assets resulting from the
acquisition, construction, development or normal use of the underlying assets, such as legal obligations for land
reclamation. The Company estimates its ARO liabilities for final reclamation and closure of operations based upon
detailed calculations of the amount and timing of the future cash spending to perform the required work. Spending
estimates are escalated for inflation and then discounted at the credit­adjusted, risk­free rate. The Company recognizes

A­89

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
AROs at the estimated fair value in the period incurred, and fair value estimates are determined using Level 3 inputs in
the fair value hierarchy. The accretion of the liability is recorded within Cost of revenues on the consolidated statements
of operations. The associated asset retirement costs are capitalized and depreciated as part of the carrying amount over
the estimated useful life of the underlying long­lived asset. As changes in estimates occur (such as mine plan revisions,
changes in estimated costs, or changes in timing of the performance of reclamation activities), the resulting changes to
the obligation and asset are recognized at the appropriate credit­adjusted, risk­free rate. The Company recognizes a gain
or loss on settlement of an ARO if the ARO is settled for an amount other than the carrying amount of the liability. See
Note 12 (Asset retirement obligations) for further information.
Environmental remediation costs
The Company records accruals for environmental remediation liabilities within Other noncurrent liabilities on the
consolidated balance sheets in the period in which it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the appropriate
amounts can be estimated reasonably. Such accruals are adjusted as further information is discovered or circumstances
change. These costs are not discounted to their present value. See Note 17 (Commitments and contingencies) for further
information.
Noncontrolling interests
Noncontrolling interests represent the portion of the equity of a subsidiary of the Company that is not attributable either
directly or indirectly to the Company. Noncontrolling interests are presented separately on the consolidated statements
of operations and are presented within equity on the consolidated balance sheets, but distinguished from the Company’s
equity as represented by Total Equity attributable to the Company on the consolidated balance sheets. Acquisitions of
noncontrolling interests are accounted for as transactions with equity holders in their capacity as equity holders and
therefore no goodwill is recognized as a result of such transactions. Noncontrolling interests are measured initially at
fair value.
New accounting standards:
Recently adopted accounting pronouncements
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023­09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax
Disclosures. The ASU expands the income tax disclosures and now requires that the Company disclose (i) the income
tax rate reconciliation using both percentages and reporting currency amounts; (ii) specific categories within the income
tax rate reconciliation; (iii) additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold; (iv) the
composition of state and local income taxes by jurisdiction; and (v) the amount of income taxes paid disaggregated by
jurisdiction. The Company has adopted ASU 2023­09 on a retrospective basis for the year ending December 31, 2025.
See Note 13 (Income taxes) for the disclosure related impacts of adopting this standard.
Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024­03, Income Statement ­ Reporting Comprehensive Income ­ Expense
Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220­40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses. Additionally, in
January 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025­01 to clarify the effective date of ASU 2024­03. The standard is intended to
require more detailed disclosures about specified categories of expenses (including employee compensation,
depreciation and amortization) included in certain expense captions presented on the face of the statements of
operations. ASU 2024­03, as clarified by ASU 2025­01, is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026,
and for interim periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted.
The amendments should be applied either prospectively to financial statements issued for reporting periods after the
effective date of ASU 2024­03 or retrospectively to any or all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The
Company is currently evaluating the new standard to determine the impact ASU 2024­03 may have on its financial
statements and related disclosures, and expects to make additional disclosures upon adoption.
Note 3. Revenues
The Company primarily earns revenue from the sale of Building Materials products and Building Envelope products.
Revenue is disaggregated by product line, which the Company believes best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and
uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors.

A­90

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table disaggregates revenues by product line for each of the Company’s reportable segments:
(In millions)

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Building Materials
Cement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Aggregates and other construction materials . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interproduct revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Building Envelope . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 4,389 $ 4,481 $ 4,561
4,665
4,446
4,671
(540)
(598)
(668)
3,301
3,375
3,113

Total Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$11,815

$11,704

$11,677

The following table disaggregates the Company’s revenues by geographic region based on customer location:
(In millions)

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Central . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
South. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Great Lakes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Northeast . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pacific. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Eliminations and other(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 3,623 $ 3,806 $ 3,592
3,529
3,165
3,291
2,424
2,632
2,591
1,879
1,939
1,964
1,334
1,260
1,303
(974) (1,098) (1,064)

Total Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$11,815

(1)

$11,704

$11,677

Other includes revenues from the Company’s trading operations.

Contract assets include estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted construction contracts. The current
portion of contract assets were $25 million, $30 million, and $24 million as of December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023,
respectively, and are included within Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The
noncurrent portion of contract assets were $13 million, $15 million, and $2 million as of December 31, 2025, 2024 and
2023, respectively, and are included within Other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
Contract liabilities
Contract liabilities relate to payments received in advance of performance under a contract, primarily related to
extended service warranties in the Building Envelope segment. Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue as (or
when) the Company performs under the contract. Prior to the Spin­Off, certain contract liability balances were
related­party in nature and are recorded in Due to related­party on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31,
2024. The following table includes a summary of the change in contract liabilities:
(In millions)

2025

2024

Balance as of January 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Revenue recognized. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Revenue deferred. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$408
(73)
110

$316
(46)
138

Balance as of December 31, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$445

$408

The Company’s remaining performance obligations represent the transaction price allocated to performance obligations
that are unsatisfied or partially satisfied, consisting of deferred revenue. As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s
remaining performance obligations were $445 million. The Company expects to recognize $44 million of the deferred
revenue during the next twelve months, and the remaining $401 million thereafter.

A­91

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 4. Acquisitions
Amrize strategically acquires companies in order to increase its footprint and offer products that diversify its existing
offerings. Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for as business combinations using the acquisition method in
accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. The results of acquired businesses have been included in
these consolidated financial statements beginning on the acquisition date.
2025 Acquisitions
The Company completed the following three acquisitions in the year ended December 31, 2025 for total consideration
of $98 million, net of cash acquired:
•

Northstar Concrete, a provider of ready­mix and concrete finishing solutions in Alberta, Canada
(August 2025)

•

Langley Concrete, a provider of precast solutions and concrete pipes in British Columbia, Canada
(May 2025)

•

Jamaica Aggregates Limited, an aggregates producer with sand and stone quarries in Jamaica, which is a joint
venture that was previously accounted for as an equity method investment (January 2025).

The operating results of these acquisitions are reported in the Building Materials segment. Pro forma financial
information reflecting the effects of the acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2025 are not presented, as none of
these business combinations, individually or in the aggregate, are material to the Company’s results of operations.
The total consideration and the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including immaterial
measurement period adjustments related to these acquisitions were as follows:
(In millions)

Total 2025 Acquisitions

Total consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Assets and Liabilities Acquired
Inventories, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property, plant and equipment, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intangible assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other current and noncurrent assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt assumed. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other current and noncurrent liabilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 98

Total identifiable net assets at fair value . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

81
17

Total estimated fair value of net assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less: fair value of previously held equity method investment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

98
(11)

Net consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 87

Acquisitions of business, net of cash acquired
Cash consideration. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less: cash and cash equivalents acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 87
(1)

Total outflow in the statements of cash flows . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 86

A­92

23
43
20
5
(3)
(7)

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
2024 Acquisitions
The Company completed the following two acquisitions in the year ended December 31, 2024 for total consideration of
$249 million, net of cash acquired:
•

OX Engineered Products (‘‘OX’’), a leader in advanced wall insulation and sheathing solutions with
manufacturing facilities in the Midwest and Southeast of the United States (November 2024). The operating
results of OX are included within the Building Envelope segment.

•

King William Sand & Gravel (‘‘KWSG’’), a sand and gravel deposit in the Central Virginia area (July 2024).
KWSG is included within the Building Materials segment.

The fair value of customer relationships is determined using the excess earnings method, which relies on various
assumptions such as revenue growth rates, customer attrition rates and discount rates. The goodwill is attributable to the
favorable presence of synergies, industrial know­how, assembled workforce and economies of scale expected from the
acquisition. The goodwill recognized is largely deductible for income tax purposes. Pro forma financial information
reflecting the effects of the acquisitions for the year ended December 31, 2024 is not presented, as none of these business
combinations, individually or in the aggregate, are material to the Company’s results of operations.
The total consideration and the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including immaterial
measurement period adjustments related to these acquisitions, were as follows:
(In millions)

Total 2024 Acquisitions

Total consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Assets and Liabilities Acquired
Cash and Cash Equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Inventories, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property, plant and equipment, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intangible assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other current and noncurrent assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other current and noncurrent liabilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$251

Total identifiable net assets at fair value . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

148
103

Total estimated fair value of net assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less: cash acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

251
(2)

Net consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$249

Acquisitions of business, net of cash acquired
Cash consideration. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$251

2
15
46
94
9
(7)
(11)

Less: cash and cash equivalents acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(2)

Total outflow in the statements of cash flows . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$249

2023 Acquisitions
The Company completed five acquisitions in the year ended December 31, 2023 for total cash consideration of
$1,607 million, net of cash acquired. Transaction fees and related costs incurred in connection with these acquisitions
were $16 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 and have been included within Selling, general and
administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.
On March 31, 2023, the Company acquired all of the outstanding ownership interests in Duro­Last, LLC, Critical Point,
LLC, Oscoda Plastics, LLC, Plastatech Engineering Limited, LLC, Anvil Paints & Coatings, LLC and Tip­Top Screw
Manufacturing, LLC (collectively, ‘‘Duro­Last’’), a manufacturer of polyvinyl chloride roofing systems, for cash
consideration of $1,303 million, net of cash acquired. As of December 31, 2023, the purchase price allocation was
completed with no material refinements.

A­93

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The fair value of the acquired receivables substantially equals the gross contractual amount to be collected. The fair
value of customer relationships is determined using the excess earnings method, which relies on various assumptions
such as revenue growth rates, customer attrition rates and discount rates. The goodwill arising from the acquisition
amounts to $729 million. The goodwill is attributable to the favorable presence of synergies, industrial know­how,
assembled workforce and economies of scale expected from the acquisition. The goodwill recognized is largely
deductible for income tax purposes.
Duro­Last contributed $362 million of revenues and $39 million of net income for the period from April 1, 2023 to
December 31, 2023.
In addition to Duro­Last, the Company acquired the following businesses during the year ended December 31, 2023:
•

Pioneer Landscape Centers, sand and aggregates quarries in the United States (January 2023)

•

Tezak Heavy Equipment, an aggregates producer in the United States (March 2023)

•

Westridge Quarries, an aggregates producer in Canada (April 2023)

•

Solhydroc Inc., a concrete producer in Canada (August 2023)

The operating results of Duro­Last are reported in the Building Envelope segment. The operating results of the other
businesses acquired during the year ended December 31, 2023 are reported in the Building Materials segment. Pro
forma financial information reflecting the effects of the acquisitions for the year ended December 31, 2023 is not
presented, as none of these business combinations, individually or in the aggregate, are material to the Company’s
results of operations for this period.
The fair value of identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed and consideration related to these acquisitions were as
follows:
(In millions)

Duro-Last

Others

Total 2023 Acquisitions

Total consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Assets and Liabilities Acquired
Cash and cash equivalents. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Inventories. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property, plant and equipment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating lease right­of­use assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred income tax liabilities, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,313

$304

$1,617

$

10
64
52
70
4
484
26
(21)
(4)
(41)
(60)

$ —
10
15
146
—
110
1
(2)
—
(37)
(22)

$

Total identifiable net assets at fair value . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

584
729

221
83

805
812

Total consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,313

$304

$1,617

Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired
Cash consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less: cash and cash equivalents acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,313
(10)

$304
—

$1,617
(10)

Total outflow in the consolidated statements of cash flows . . . . . . . . .

$1,303

$304

$1,607

A­94

10
74
67
216
4
594
27
(23)
(4)
(78)
(82)

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The purchase price allocated to identifiable intangible assets was as follows:
Duro-Last

Others

Total 2023
Acquisitions

Weighted-Average Life
(in years)

Customer relationships. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trade names and trademarks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Developed technology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Others. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$372
71
41
—

$ —
—
—
110

$372
71
41
110

16
25
20
—

Total identified intangible assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$484

$110

$594

(In millions)

Note 5. Accounts receivable, net
Accounts receivable, net were as follows:
(In millions)

As of December 31,
2025
2024

Trade receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less: allowance for credit losses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other current receivables, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,110
(34)
44

$1,023
(51)
39

Accounts receivable, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,120

$1,011

The changes in the allowance for credit losses were as follows:
(In millions)

2025

2024

2023

Balance as of January 1. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Charge­offs. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Provision for credit losses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency translation and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 51
(11)
9
(15)

$49
(2)
6
(2)

$31
(3)
14
7

Balance as of December 31,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 34

$51

$49

Note 6. Inventories
Inventories were as follows:
(In millions)

As of December 31,
2025
2024

Raw materials, parts, and supplies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Semi­finished and finished goods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 584
967

$ 542
910

Total Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,551

$1,452

A­95

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 7. Property, plant and equipment, net
Property, plant and equipment, net was as follows:
As of December 31,
2025
2024

(In millions)

Land and mineral reserves. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 3,337 $ 3,361
Buildings and installations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3,027
2,948
Machines, furniture, vehicles and tools. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9,552
9,001
Construction in progress . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
470
439
Finance lease right­of­use assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
547
334
Total property, plant and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less: accumulated depreciation, depletion and impairment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

16,933
(8,998)

16,083
(8,549)

Property, plant and equipment, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 7,935 $ 7,534
Depreciation and depletion expense was $758 million, $736 million and $689 million for the years ended December 31,
2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation expense is recorded within Cost of revenues and Selling, general and
administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and depletion expense is recorded within Cost of
revenues on the consolidated statements of operations.
During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded impairment charges of $2 million,
$2 million and $15 million, respectively, related to assets no longer in service. Asset impairments are included in Loss
on impairments on the consolidated statements of operations.
The Company recorded gains on disposals of long­lived assets of $15 million, $71 million and $32 million respectively, for
the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The gains on disposals for the year ended December 31,
2024 included a gain of $31 million within the Building Materials segment related to a land expropriation transaction.
Note 8. Goodwill and intangible assets, net
Goodwill
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment were as follows:
(In millions)

Building Materials

Building Envelope

Total

Balance as of January 1, 2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency translation adjustment and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$5,042
5
(156)

$3,928
98
—

$8,970
103
(156)

Balance as of December 31, 2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency translation adjustment and other(1). . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$4,891
17
86

$4,026
—
—

$8,917
17
86

Balance as of December 31, 2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$4,994

$4,026

$9,020

(1)

Includes measurement period adjustments.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company elected to bypass the optional qualitative goodwill impairment
assessment allowed by ASC Topic 350, Intangibles ­ Goodwill and Other, and performed a quantitative goodwill impairment
assessment for each reporting unit. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company performed a qualitative
goodwill impairment assessment for the Building Materials reporting unit. Due to the recency of acquisitions within the
Building Envelope segment, the Company performed a quantitative impairment test for the reporting units for each year
ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Based upon the results of the qualitative and quantitative assessments, the Company
concluded that the fair values of each of its reporting units were greater than their carrying values for all years presented. There
have been no historical goodwill impairment losses recognized by the Company.

A­96

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Intangible assets, net
(In millions)

Gross carrying amount

As of December 31, 2025
Accumulated amortization Total intangible assets, net

Customer relationships. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mining rights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Developed technology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Software . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trade names and trademarks . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,649
256
182
83
226
101

$(399)
(57)
(65)
(77)
(87)
(84)

$1,250
199
117
6
139
17

Intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$2,497

$(769)

$1,728

(In millions)

Gross carrying amount

As of December 31, 2024
Accumulated amortization Total intangible assets, net

Customer relationships. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mining rights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Developed technology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Software . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trade names and trademarks . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,626
252
177
81
230
103

$(311)
(51)
(45)
(75)
(76)
(79)

$1,315
201
132
6
154
24

Intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$2,469

$(637)

$1,832

Amortization of long­lived intangible assets was $142 million, $139 million and $162 million for the years ended
December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and is included within Cost of revenues and Selling, general and
administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company does not have any indefinite­lived
intangible assets other than goodwill.
The estimated future amortization of long­lived intangible assets is as follows:
(In millions)

2026 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2027 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2028 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2029 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2030 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thereafter. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 144
141
137
132
121
1,053

Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,728

Note 9. Additional financial information
Other current liabilities consisted of the following:
(In millions)

As of December 31,
2025
2024

Finance lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Employee­related liabilities other than pension . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Short­term provisions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Contract liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Asset retirement obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pension liabilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued purchases of property, plant and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$111
111
212
30
44
39
23
90

A­97

$ 65
196
204
57
67
27
23
72

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
As of December 31,
2025
2024

(In millions)

Self­insurance reserves . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued interest. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

30
76
84

27
13
142

Total Other current liabilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$850

$893

(1)

Other current liabilities primarily consist of property taxes, standard warranty reserves, general liability insurance and sales taxes.

Other noncurrent liabilities consisted of the following:
(In millions)

As of December 31,
2025
2024

Liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Finance lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Asset retirement obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pension liabilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Contract liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Environmental remediation liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Self­insurance reserves . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 140
327
255
229
401
60
102
140

$ 167
312
242
235
341
54
62
108

Total Other noncurrent liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,654

$1,521

(1)

Other noncurrent liabilities primarily consist of standard warranty reserves, employee­related liabilities other than pensions, end of lease costs
and litigation reserves.

Note 10. Debt
Long­term debt consisted of the following:
Effective interest rate
as of December 31, Balance as of December 31,
2025
2025
2024

(In millions)

3.500% Unsecured Notes due 2026 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.750% Unsecured Notes due 2046 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.600% Unsecured Notes due 2027 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.700% Unsecured Notes due 2028 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.950% Unsecured Notes due 2030 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5.400% Unsecured Notes due 2035 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
7.125% Unsecured Notes due 2036 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
6.875% Unsecured Notes due 2039 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
6.500% Unsecured Notes due 2043 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.200% Unsecured Notes due 2033 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
7.650% Private Placement due 2031. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 326
554
700
700
1,000
1,000
445
191
239
50
50
12

$400
590
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
8

Total principal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unamortized (discounts), premiums and debt issuance costs. . . . . . . . . .

5,267
2

998
(13)

Total long­term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less: current portion of long­term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5,269
(333)

985
(5)

Long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$4,936

$980

A­98

3.53%
4.81%
4.65%
4.76%
5.01%
5.47%
7.25%
6.99%
6.61%
4.24%
7.80%

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Debt is reported on the consolidated balance sheets at par value adjusted for unamortized discount or premium and
unamortized issuance costs. The fair value of the Company’s long­term debt as of December 31, 2025 was $5,047 million,
which is comprised of the fair value of unsecured notes of $4,989 million and other long­term debt of $58 million. The fair
value of the unsecured notes is based on listed market prices and was categorized as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy.
The fair value of the Company’s other long­term debt approximates carrying value. The fair value of the Company’s
long­term debt was as follows:
(In millions)

As of December 31, 2025

Carrying amount . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fair value . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$4,936
$5,047

The Company recognized interest expense related to third­party debt of $216 million, $43 million and $49 million for
the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Debt issuance costs amortized to Interest expense, net
on the consolidated statements of operations were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.
See Note 18 (Related party) for interest expense related to borrowings and funding associated with the related­party
note agreements for periods prior to the Spin­Off.
Bond exchange
On May 19, 2025, FinanceCo, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, launched debt­for­debt exchange offers
pursuant to which it offered to exchange, on a par­for­par basis, (i) 3.500% guaranteed notes due 2026 issued by
FinanceCo, with an aggregate outstanding principal amount of $400 million, (ii) 4.750% guaranteed notes due
2046 issued by FinanceCo, with an aggregate outstanding principal amount of $590 million, (iii) 7.125% notes due
2036 issued by a subsidiary of Holcim, with an aggregate outstanding principal amount of $483 million,
(iv) 4.200% notes due 2033 issued by a subsidiary of Holcim, with an aggregate outstanding principal amount of
$50 million, (v) 6.875% guaranteed notes due 2039 issued by a subsidiary of Holcim, with an aggregate outstanding
principal amount of $250 million and (vi) 6.500% notes due 2043 issued by a subsidiary of Holcim, with an aggregate
outstanding principal amount of $250 million (collectively, the ‘‘Original Exchange Notes’’) for new senior debt
securities (the ‘‘New Exchange Notes’’) of a corresponding series with the same interest rate, interest payment dates,
maturity date and optional redemption features. The New Exchange Notes are guaranteed by the Company. The
debt­for­debt exchange offers were completed on June 18, 2025 with holders of the subject debt securities tendering
$880 million of Original Exchange Notes issued by FinanceCo and $925 million of Original Exchange Notes issued by
a subsidiary of Holcim, resulting in the issuance of $1,805 million of New Exchange Notes. For accounting purposes,
the debt­for­debt exchange offers were treated as debt modifications resulting in a portion of the unamortized debt
discount and premiums of the Original Exchange Notes being attributed to the New Exchange Notes at Holcim’s
carryover basis on the settlement date of the exchange offers.
FinanceCo and the Company also assumed the rights and obligations (as the new issuer and guarantor, respectively) of
$50 million of bonds due in 2031, originally issued by a subsidiary of Holcim in a private placement transaction.
Senior unsecured notes
On April 7, 2025, FinanceCo completed a $3.4 billion bond offering pursuant to an indenture agreement in four tranches
consisting of the following: $700 million 2­year senior notes priced at a fixed coupon of 4.600% maturing in 2027,
$700 million 3­year senior notes priced at a fixed coupon of 4.700% maturing in 2028, $1.0 billion 5­year senior notes
priced at a fixed coupon of 4.950% maturing in 2030 and $1.0 billion 10­year senior notes priced at a fixed coupon of
5.400% maturing in 2035 (collectively, the ‘‘Notes’’). The net proceeds to the Company from the Notes offering was
$3,381 million after deductions for fees of $6 million and discounts and related debt issuance costs of $13 million. The
Notes were initially fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Holcim until completion of the
Spin­Off. Following the completion of the transfer of shares of Amrize North America Inc. (including all the shares of
its direct and indirect subsidiaries and, thereby, the shares of FinanceCo) by Holcim to the Company on May 15, 2025,
the Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company. Therefore, for a limited
period, both the Company and Holcim guaranteed the Notes before Holcim’s guarantee was automatically terminated
and released upon the completion of the Spin­Off. The Company used the proceeds from the offering of the Notes to
repay certain related­party notes with Holcim.

A­99

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Unsecured notes
On September 22, 2016, FinanceCo issued unsecured notes in two series, each of which was guaranteed by Holcim prior
to the Spin­Off. The first series has a principal amount of $400 million with interest of 3.500% and a maturity date of
September 22, 2026. The second series has a remaining principal amount of $590 million with interest of 4.750% and
a maturity date of September 22, 2046. As described above, on June 18, 2025 holders of the notes subject to the
debt­for­debt exchange tendered $880 million of unsecured notes.
Bank credit
On May 15, 2025, the Company established a commercial paper program for the issuance of short­term promissory
notes with a maximum aggregate principal amount of $2 billion outstanding at any time (‘‘Commercial Paper
Program’’). The Commercial Paper Program provides for private placements in the United States under Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act. The short­term promissory notes issued under the Commercial Paper Program will be unsecured
notes ranking at least pari passu with all of our other senior unsecured indebtedness. These short­term promissory notes
are anticipated to be offered at par less a discount representing an interest factor or, if interest bearing, at par. The
Commercial Paper Program contains representations and warranties, covenants and events of default that are customary
for this type of financing. On June 10, 2025, the Company began issuing short­term promissory notes under the
Commercial Paper Program. As of December 31, 2025, the Company has no notes under the Commercial Paper
Program outstanding.
On March 24, 2025, the Company entered into a 5­year committed, senior unsecured revolving credit facility that may
be used for general corporate purposes (the ‘‘Revolving Credit Facility’’) with commitments of $2 billion. Interest is
payable on the loans under the Revolving Credit Facility at a rate per annum equal to: (i) for revolving loans in
U.S. dollars, either (A) a base rate defined as a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (x) the prime rate then in effect,
(y) the greater of the federal funds rate and the overnight bank funding rate then in effect, in each case, as determined
by the Federal Reserve Bank, plus 0.500% per annum, and (z) term SOFR rate determined on the basis of a one­month
interest period, plus 1.000% (the greatest of (x), (y) and (z), the ‘‘Base Rate’’) or (B) the forward­looking SOFR term
rate published by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited subject to a floor of zero (‘‘Term SOFR’’) and (ii) for
revolving loans in Canadian dollars, the forward­looking CORRA term rate published by Candeal Benchmark
Administration Services Inc., TSX Inc. or a successor administrator, subject to a floor of zero, plus, in each case (i) or
(ii), an applicable margin based on the Company’s credit rating. There were no outstanding balances under the
Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2025.
On March 24, 2025, the Company entered into a bridge credit agreement providing for a 364­day committed, senior
unsecured bridge loan (the ‘‘Bridge Loan’’) with commitments of $5.1 billion. On April 8, 2025, the Company provided
notice of the Notes offering to the administrative agent of the Bridge Loan, thereby reducing commitments available
under the Bridge Loan to $1.7 billion due to the fact that the Company received net cash proceeds of $3.4 billion from
the Notes offering. The Bridge Loan commitments were terminated upon completion of the Spin­Off as the Spin­Off
was consummated without a borrowing under the Bridge Loan facility.
The Company has $60 million available in short­term lines of credit expiring December 31, 2026, payable on demand.
During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company drew down from these credit lines, all of which
were repaid within two business days. There were no outstanding balances under these credit lines as of December 31,
2025 and December 31, 2024.
The Company has $40 million Canadian dollars available in short­term lines of credit, payable on demand. There were
no outstanding balances against these lines of credit as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.

A­100

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The total principal payments for third­party debt, including current maturities for the five years subsequent to
December 31, 2025, and thereafter are as follows:
(In millions)

2026. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2027. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2028. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2029. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2030. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 333
701
701
1
1,002
2,529

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$5,267

As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company had unutilized non­trade standby letters of credit of
$129 million and $213 million, respectively.
The Company also had intercompany debt arrangements with Holcim prior to the Spin­Off. See Note 18 (Related party)
for additional detail.
Covenants
Certain debt instruments contain restrictive covenants, including a financial covenant that requires the Company to
maintain a Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which measures consolidated net
debt as of such date relative to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the four
consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, of no more than 3.75 to 1, tested at the end of each fiscal quarter. As of
December 31, 2025, the Company was in compliance with the financial covenants of its debt agreements.
Note 11. Leases
The Company has significant operating and finance leases, including buildings and installations, land, machinery and
equipment, furniture and fixtures, land fleet equipment, marine fleet equipment, and rail fleet equipment located
primarily in the United States and Canada.
Balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:
(In millions)

As of December 31,
2025
2024

Operating lease right­of­use assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Finance lease right­of­use assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 608
420

$547
312

Total lease assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,028

$859

Current portion of operating lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current portion of finance lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent portion of operating lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent portion of finance lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 136
111
500
327

$149
65
386
312

Total lease liabilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,074

$912

Finance lease right­of­use assets, net are included as a component of Property, plant and equipment, net on the
consolidated balance sheets. The current portion of finance lease liabilities are included within Other current liabilities,
and the noncurrent portion of finance lease liabilities are included within Other noncurrent liabilities on the
consolidated balance sheets.

A­101

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The maturity analysis for the lease liabilities arising from the Company’s leasing activities as of December 31, 2025 was
as follows:
(In millions)

Operating Leases

Finance Leases

2026 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2027 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2028 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2029 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2030 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 164
137
104
86
60
246

$ 136
114
89
53
30
107

Total minimum lease payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less: Lease payments representing interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

797
(161)

529
(91)

Present value of future minimum lease payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less: Current portion of lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

636
(136)

438
(111)

Noncurrent portion of lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 500

$ 327

The following table summarizes the components of lease expense recorded in the consolidated statements of operations:
For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

(In millions)

Operating lease expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Finance lease expense:
Depreciation or amortization of leased assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest on lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Short term lease cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Variable lease cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$172

$159

$153

99
19
58
4

86
16
56
3

66
11
59
5

Total lease expense. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$352

$320

$294

Lease terms and discount rates were as follows:
As of December 31,
2025
2024

Weighted­average remaining lease terms (years)
Operating leases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Finance leases. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Weighted­average discount rate (%)
Operating leases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Finance leases. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8.2
7.0

7.8
5.5

5.02%
5.27%

5.00%
5.43%

Note 12. Asset retirement obligations
Asset retirement obligation costs related to accretion of the Company’s liabilities and depreciation of the related assets
were as follows:
For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

(In millions)

Accretion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Depreciation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$14
23

$14
20

$14
10

Total costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$37

$34

$24

A­102

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following summarizes the current and noncurrent portions of the Company’s liability for asset retirement
obligations, as presented in Other current liabilities and Other noncurrent liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated
balance sheets:
As of December 31,
2025
2024

Current ARO liability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent ARO liability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 39
255

$ 27
242

Total ARO liability. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$294

$269

The Company’s asset retirement obligations are reconciled as follows:
(In millions)

2025

2024

Balance as of January 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accretion expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Liabilities incurred and acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Liabilities settled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Changes in estimate and acquisitions, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency translation adjustment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$269
14
10
(20)
19
2

$284
14
4
(24)
(5)
(4)

Balance as of December 31 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$294

$269

Note 13. Income taxes
As the Company is incorporated in Switzerland. the components of income tax expense and the effective tax rate tables
are based on Switzerland’s federal tax rate.
Income tax provision
The components of Income before income tax expense and income from equity method investments are as follows:
For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

(In millions)

Swiss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non­Swiss. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 288
1,209

$ 328
1,300

$ 218
1,085

Total income before income tax expense and income from equity method
investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,497

$1,628

$1,303

The provision for income taxes consists of the following:
(In millions)

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Current:
Swiss – Federal. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Swiss – Cantonal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non­Swiss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 24
11
213

$ 24
—
379

Total current tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred:
Swiss – Federal. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Swiss – Cantonal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non­Swiss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

248

403

350

(1)
—
79

25
14
(74)

17
7
(13)

Total deferred tax expense (benefit). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

78

(35)

11

Total income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$326

$368

$361

A­103

$

2
1
347

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
For purposes of the effective tax rate reconciliation, the Company uses the Swiss federal statutory income tax rate of
8.5%. A reconciliation of the statutory Swiss federal tax rate and the Company’s effective tax rate is as follows:
(In millions, except for percentage data)

2025

For the years ended December 31,
%
2024
%
2023

Swiss federal statutory tax rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cantonal income taxes(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Changes in unrecognized tax benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
OECD Pillar Two tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other adjustments:
Deferred tax adjustments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign tax effects . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
United States
Effect of rates different than statutory . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
State and local income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Nontaxable or nondeductible items . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other adjustments:
Percentage depletion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred tax adjustments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Purchase price adjustments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Effect of rates different than statutory . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
State and local income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Nontaxable or nondeductible items . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other adjustments:
Repatriation cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other foreign jurisdictions:
Other adjustments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 127
11
(20)
(6)

8.5
0.7
(1.4)
(0.4)

$ 138
14
15
24

8.5
0.8
0.9
1.5

7
(3)

0.5
(0.1)

(2)

(0.1)

97
33

6.5
2.2

118
46

(17)

(1.1)

(2)

(0.1)

70
1

4.6
0.1

28
(1)

1.8
(0.1)

1

0.1

Total income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 326

$ 368

$ 361

Effective income tax rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

21.8%

22.6%

27.8%

(1)

%

$ 111
8
43

8.5
0.6
3.3

7.2
2.8

96
46
5

7.4
3.6
0.4

(18)
(18)
(13)
(8)

(1.1)
(1.1)
(0.8)
(0.5)

(16)
2

(1.3)
0.2

4

0.3

58
1
7

3.5
0.1
0.5

51
1
7

4.0
0.1
0.6

6

0.4

3

0.1

Entirely comprised of income taxes from the Canton of Zug.

The Company’s effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2025 was higher than the Swiss statutory rate
due to the Company’s jurisdictional mix of earnings, and repatriation costs, which were partially offset by changes in
uncertain tax positions, percentage depletion, and a reduction in Pillar Two taxes from new regulatory guidance.
The Company’s effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2024 was higher than the Swiss statutory rate
due to the Company’s jurisdictional mix of earnings, changes in uncertain tax positions, and Pillar Two taxes, which was
offset by percentage depletion and return to provision adjustments.
The Company’s effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2023 was higher than the Swiss statutory rate
due to the Company’s jurisdictional mix of earnings, changes in uncertain tax positions, and return to provision
adjustments, which was partially offset by percentage depletion.

A­104

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Income Taxes Paid
(In millions)

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Swiss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
United States. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ —
230
139

$ —
196
106

$ —
142
69

Total income taxes paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$369

$302

$211

No Swiss federal or cantonal income tax was paid in the year. Any income tax attributed to the pre­spin period was
accrued and paid by Holcim. The Company will pay Swiss income tax for the post­spin 2025 period in 2026 in
accordance with Swiss tax law.
Deferred income tax liabilities, net
The components of Deferred income tax liabilities, net were as follows:
As of December 31,
2025
2024

(In millions)

Deferred tax assets:
Deferred expenses and defined benefit pension plan obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Site restoration. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net operating loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

265
171
122
90
49

$

291
138
61
22
78

Total deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

697

590

Less: valuation allowances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(66)

(13)

Total deferred tax assets after valuation allowances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

Deferred tax liabilities:
Cost depletion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property, plant and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intangible and other long­lived assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Leased right­of­use assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

631

$

577

$ (144) $ (107)
(1,018) (1,009)
(301)
(260)
(163)
(137)
(33)
—

Total deferred tax liabilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(1,659)

Total net deferred tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(1,028) $ (936)

Reported as:
Deferred tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other noncurrent assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(1,048) $ (936)
20
—

Deferred tax liabilities, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(1,028) $ (936)

(1,513)

The change in the net deferred income tax liabilities from December 31, 2024 to December 31, 2025 was primarily
driven by a repatriation cost deferred tax liability recorded on the current year unremitted earnings that are not
indefinitely reinvested. There was also an increase in the intangible deferred tax liability related to goodwill and
intellectual property tax amortization that exceeds book amortization.
As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had $752 million and $227 million, respectively, of gross loss
carryforwards, of which approximately $599 million and $181 million, respectively, related to U.S. state gross loss
carryforwards, and the remaining relates to Canada and Switzerland. The net operating loss and credit carryforwards
have various expiration dates from 2026 to an indefinite carryforward period in the United States, expiration years of
2031 and 2032 in Switzerland, and various expiration years in Canada ranging from 2032 to 2045.

A­105

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Valuation Allowances Related to Deferred Taxes:
The summary of the change in valuation allowance at December 31 was:
(In millions)

2025

2024

2023

Balance as of January 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Increase (decrease) charged to tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Currency translation and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$13
3
50

$12
1
—

$12
—
—

Balance as of December 31. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$66

$13

$12

The net change in the total valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $53 million and
$1 million, respectively. The 2025 movement is primarily related to the U.S valuation allowance that was previously net
with its respective net operating losses or state credit carryforwards.
Tax uncertainties
A reconciliation of the changes in the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:
(In millions)

2025

Balance as of January 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Increases related to current period tax positions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Increases related to prior period tax positions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Decreases related to prior period tax positions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Decreases related to lapses in statutes of limitations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$167 $161 $128
2
15
27
14
10
8
(3)
(12)
—
(40)
(7)
(2)

Balance as of December 31. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$140

2024

$167

2023

$161

As of December 31, 2025, the Company had $140 million of unrecognized tax benefits, accrued interest and penalties,
which would favorably impact the Company’s future tax rates in the event that the tax benefits are eventually
recognized. We include interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense.
For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company had accrued interest and penalties totaling
$49 million, $42 million and $32 million, respectively, as well as accrued liabilities totaling $91 million, $125 million
and $129 million, respectively.
Our unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain positions are included within Other Non­current Liabilities on our
consolidated balance sheet.
Our unrecognized tax benefits decreased during 2025 primarily related to statute of limitations expirations, which was
partially offset by a net increase for tax positions related to the current and prior years in the U.S and Canada.
Our unrecognized tax benefits increased during 2024 primarily due to an increase in tax positions related to the current
and prior years in the U.S and Canada partially offset by statute of limitations expirations.
Our unrecognized tax benefits increased during 2023 primarily due to an increase in tax positions related to the current
and prior years in the U.S and Canada partially offset by statute of limitations expirations.
The Company is subject to ongoing tax examinations in the United States and Canada. The specific timing of when these
open examinations will be concluded is uncertain. Tax controversies have substantially concluded for U.S state income
tax matters through 2020, and Canada through 2008.
Indefinite Reinvestment
Cumulative unremitted earnings of the Company’s U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries could be taxable if repatriated in a
future period. The unremitted retained earnings in the U.S. business are planned to be reinvested indefinitely. However,
due to additional cash needs in the U.S. to support anticipated acquisition activity as well as anticipated plant
refurbishment in Canada, the Canadian business plans to potentially repatriate $550 million of the cumulative
unremitted earnings and indefinitely reinvest remaining unremitted earnings. The Company has recognized a deferred
tax liability of approximately $23 million on the current year unremitted earnings that are not indefinitely reinvested.
Quantification of the deferred tax liability, if any, associated with indefinitely reinvested earnings is not practicable.

A­106

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Recent Tax Law Changes
Effective January 1, 2024, the Company is subject to the 15% minimum tax rate provisions of the Organization for Economic
Co­operation and Development (‘‘OECD’’) Pillar Two framework enacted into law in both Switzerland and Canada.
Estimated Pillar Two top­up taxes of $12 million and $24 million have been included in the calculation of the Company’s total
income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Further, in the first quarter of 2025, new
legislation was introduced around Pillar Two that resulted in the Company recognizing a benefit of $18 million.
On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (‘‘OBBBA’’) was enacted into law, which reinstates several favorable
tax provisions effective in 2025. The tax effects of the OBBBA have been recognized in the period of enactment and did
not have a material impact on our effective tax rate for the period ended December 31, 2025.
Note 14. Segment and geographic information
The Company is organized into two reportable segments — Building Materials and Building Envelope — that are
aligned with the products and services it provides and based upon the information used by the CODM in evaluating the
performance of the business and allocating resources and capital. The Building Materials segment offers a range of
branded solutions delivering high­quality products for a wide range of applications. These include cement and
aggregates, as well as a variety of downstream products and solutions such as ready­mix concrete, asphalt and other
construction materials. The Building Envelope segment offers advanced roofing and wall systems, including single­ply
membranes, insulation, shingles, sheathing, waterproofing and protective coatings, along with adhesives, tapes and
sealants that are critical to the application of roofing and wall systems.
The Company determines its operating segments based on the discrete financial information that is regularly evaluated
by its CODM in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The CODM was determined to be the
Company’s CEO as he is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance. The discrete financial
information regularly evaluated by the CODM and operating segment conclusions are consistent prior to and following
the completion of the Spin­Off. For both segments, the CODM uses Segment Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes,
Depreciation and Amortization (‘‘EBITDA’’) in the financial planning and resource allocation process. The CODM
considers Segment Adjusted EBITDA on a monthly basis to evaluate the performance of each segment and make
decisions about allocating resources to each segment. Segment Adjusted EBITDA excludes the impact of Depreciation,
depletion, accretion and amortization, Loss on impairments, unallocated corporate costs, acquisition and integration­
related costs, certain litigation­related costs, Spin­Off and separation­related costs, restructuring and other costs,
Interest expense, net and Other non­operating income (expense), net. The accounting policies applicable to each
segment are consistent with those used on these consolidated financial statements.
The key performance indicators for the Company’s reportable segments are presented in the following table. Certain
totals presented below may not agree with the line items on the consolidated statements of operations primarily due to
(a) depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization and (b) unallocated corporate costs.
For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

(In millions)

Revenues:
Building Materials . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Building Envelope . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 8,514
3,301

$ 8,329
3,375

$ 8,564
3,113

Total Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$11,815

$11,704

$11,677

Cost of revenues:
Building Materials . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Building Envelope . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 5,693
2,239

$ 5,470
2,265

$ 5,956
2,112

Total cost of revenues. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 7,932

$ 7,735

$ 8,068

Other segment expenses :
Building Materials . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Building Envelope . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

336
330

$

307
340

$

294
316

Total other segment expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

666

$

647

$

610

(1)

A­107

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

(In millions)

Segment Adjusted EBITDA:
Building Materials . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Building Envelope . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 2,485
732

$ 2,552
770

$ 2,314
685

Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reconciling items:
Depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest income. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisition and integration­related costs(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Litigation­related costs(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on impairments(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Restructuring and other costs(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Spin­off and separation­related costs(6) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unallocated corporate costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other non­operating income (expense), net(7) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 3,217

$ 3,322

$ 2,999

(914)
48
(461)
(64)
(46)
(15)
(19)
(43)
(210)
4

(889)
35
(547)
(46)
(9)
(2)
(16)
(24)
(141)
(55)

(851)
15
(564)
(30)
(8)
(15)
(52)
—
(155)
(36)

Total reconciling items. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(1,720)

(1,694)

(1,696)

Income before income tax expense and income from equity method
investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 1,497

$ 1,628

$ 1,303

(1)

Other segment expenses consist of selling, general and administrative expenses and gains on disposals of long­lived assets.

(2)

Acquisition and integration­related costs are those incurred for business combinations, including advisory, legal, valuation, and other
professional fees. Certain warranty charges related to a pre­acquisition manufacturing issue are also included.

(3)

Litigation­related costs include certain litigation settlements, environmental remediation, and legal­related consulting and professional fees
that are not representative of expenses arising in the ordinary course of business.

(4)

Loss on impairments consist of one­time charges on the Company’s investments and property, plant and equipment.

(5)

Restructuring and other costs include charges associated with non­core sites.

(6)

Spin­Off and separation­related costs notably include rebranding costs.

(7)

Other non­operating (income) expense, net primarily consists of costs related to pension and other postretirement benefit plans and gains on
proceeds from property and casualty insurance.

The Company’s capital expenditures by segment were as follows:
(In millions)

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Capital expenditures(1):
Building Materials . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Building Envelope . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$654
134

$565
77

$555
75

Total capital expenditures. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$788

$642

$630

(1)

Capital expenditures for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 exclude noncash transactions for capital expenditure­related
accounts payable.

A­108

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company’s assets by segment were as follows:
As of December 31,
2025
2024

(In millions)

Segment assets(1):
Building Materials . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $14,993 $14,306
Building Envelope . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
6,959
6,987
Total segment assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

21,952
2,297

21,293
2,512

Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $24,249 $23,805

(1)
(2)

Segment assets are comprised of Accounts receivable, net, Inventories, Property, plant and equipment, net, Goodwill, Intangible assets, net and
Operating lease right­of­use assets, net.
Other assets for the year ended December 31, 2025 include corporate­related Property, plant and equipment, net and Operating lease
right­of­use assets, net.

Geographic Information
Revenues by geographic area, attributed to countries based on the invoicing legal entity, were as follows:
For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

(In millions)

Revenues:
United States. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 9,111
2,675
29

$ 9,026
2,678
—

$ 8,986
2,691
—

Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$11,815

$11,704

$11,677

Long­lived assets by geographic area were as follows:
(In millions)

As of December 31,
2025
2024

Long-lived assets by geographical area(1):
United States . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$5,672
2,244
19

$5,467
2,067
—

Total long-lived assets by geographical area . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$7,935

$7,534

(1)

Long­lived assets, which represents Property, plant and equipment, net, is comprised of land & mineral reserves, buildings & installations,
machines, furniture, vehicles and tools.

Information about major customers
The Company’s operations are primarily conducted in the United States and Canada, and its customers are primarily
contractors, builders, infrastructure developers, transportation authorities and the residential market. The Company
operates in several niche markets in which a large portion of its revenues are attributable to a few large distributors.
However, no individual customer represents more than 10% of the Company’s revenues and there are no material
dependencies or concentrations of individual customers that require disclosure.
Note 15. Pension and other postretirement benefits
The Company sponsors defined benefit pension plans, other postretirement benefit plans and defined contribution plans
in which only employees, retirees and former employees of the Company participate. The Company’s employees also

A­109

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
participate in certain multiple­employer and union­sponsored multiemployer pension plans to which the Company
contributes along with other employers. The majority of the defined benefit pension plans are closed to new entrants and
frozen to future accruals.
In connection with the completion of the Spin­Off, effective June 1, 2025 and June 20, 2025, Holcim transferred to the
Company certain Swiss employees who historically operated within specific corporate functions of Holcim. The impact
was a transfer of total pension plan assets of $55 million and total pension plan obligations of $53 million associated
with these Swiss employees. These employees were and if still with the Company remain covered under the Holcim
Pension Fund (‘‘HPF’’) and Holcim Supplementary Pension Fund (‘‘HSPF’’), which are pension plans sponsored by
Holcim. The funded status associated with these employees under the HPF and HSPF was not reflected on the
consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024. Following the completion of the Spin­Off, the accumulated asset
balances associated with these employees have remained in the HPF and HSPF under an affiliation agreement.
However, under Swiss law, any employees transferred must transfer their accumulated asset balances to their new
employer, and the new employer becomes responsible for the pension obligations associated with the accumulated asset
balances. The incremental net pension plan assets of $2 million were reported within Other noncurrent assets at the date
of the Spin­Off.
The Company decided to terminate its main Canadian defined benefit pension plan on February 28, 2023. The Company
completed a partial settlement in the third quarter of 2024 through $99 million of lump sum payments to plan
participants. Full settlement of the Company’s main Canadian defined benefit pension plan occurred effective
October 3, 2024 following a conversion of the buy­in contracts to buy­out contracts in conjunction with the plan
termination. All liabilities related to the Company’s main Canadian defined benefit pension plan were transferred to the
insurer and a settlement loss of $61 million was recognized within Other non­operating income (expense), net, on the
consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2024.
The Company also terminated its main U.S. defined benefit pension plan as of May 31, 2023, and effective
November 13, 2023, the buy­in contracts were converted to buy­out contracts in conjunction with the plan termination.
All liabilities related to the Company’s main U.S. defined benefit pension plan were transferred to the insurer, which is
recognized as a settlement loss of $33 million was recognized within Other non­operating income (expense), net, on the
consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023.
Defined benefit pension plans
The following table summarizes, with respect to defined benefit pension plans, the benefit obligation, fair value of plan
assets, funded status, amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheets and weighted­average assumptions used
to determine benefit obligations:

(In millions, except for percentage data)

U.S.

Change in benefit obligation:
Benefit obligation, beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Service cost. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest cost. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Actuarial (gains) and losses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefits paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Settlements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency rate changes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Plan transfer in . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefit obligation, end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$79
—
4
—
(6)
—
—
—
$77

A­110

As of December 31,
2025
2024
Non-U.S.
U.S.
Non-U.S.

$215
4
11
(9)
(7)
—
11
53
$278

$82
—
4
—
(7)
—
—
—
$79

$ 747
2
33
8
(44)
(496)
(35)
—
$ 215

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(In millions, except for percentage data)

U.S.

Change in fair value of plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Actual return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Employer contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Plan transfer in . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefits paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Settlements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency rate changes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$—
—
6
—
(6)
—
—

As of December 31,
2025
2024
Non-U.S.
U.S.
Non-U.S.

$175
5
8
55
(7)
—
10

$—
—
7
—
(7)
—
—

$ 669
39
37
—
(44)
(496)
(30)

Fair value of plan assets, end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—

246

—

175

Funded status . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(77)

$ (32)

$(79)

$ (40)

Amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheets:
Noncurrent assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$—
(7)
(70)

$ 28
(5)
(55)

$—
(7)
(72)

$ 20
(4)
(56)

Funded status at end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(77)

$ (32)

$(79)

$ (40)

(In millions, except for percentage data)

As of December 31,
2025
2024
U.S.
Non-U.S.
U.S.
Non-U.S.

Amounts recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss:
Net actuarial (gain) loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(16)

$ 3

$(17)

$ 8

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(16)

$ 3

$(17)

$ 8

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations:
Discount rate. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rate of compensation increase . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest crediting rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5.3%
—%
3.0%

4.1%
2.4%
2.5%

5.5%
—%
3.0%

4.7%
2.5%
—%

The following table summarizes, with respect to defined benefit pension plans, the components of Net periodic benefit
cost, amounts recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss) and weighted­average assumptions used to determine
Net periodic benefit cost:
2025

For the years ended December 31,
2024
2023
2025
2024
2023
U.S.
Non-U.S.

Components of Net periodic benefit cost (credit):
Service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Expected return on assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of actuarial (gains) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Settlement loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$—
4
—
(1)
—

$— $ — $ 4 $ 2 $ 2
4
38
11
33
33
—
(34) (10) (31) (32)
(1)
—
—
—
—
—
33
—
61
—

Net periodic benefit cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 3

$ 3

(In millions, except for percentage data)

A­111

$ 37

$ 5

$ 65

$ 3

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
2025

For the years ended December 31,
2024
2023
2025
2024
2023
U.S.
Non-U.S.

Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in Other
comprehensive (income) loss:
Net actuarial (gain) loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of actuarial loss (gain) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency rate changes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$—
1
—

$ (1) $ 3 $ (5) $ — $ 40
1
(33)
—
(61)
—
—
—
—
(3)
1

Total recognized in Other comprehensive (income) loss . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1

—

(30)

(5)

(64)

41

Total recognized in Net periodic benefit cost and Other comprehensive
(income) loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 4

$ 3

$ 7

$—

$ 1

$ 44

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine Net periodic
benefit cost (credit):
Discount rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rate of compensation increase . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Expected long­term rate of return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest crediting rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5.5% 4.8% 5.9% 4.1%
—% —% —% 2.3%
—% —% 5.9% 4.9%
3.0% 3.0% 3.0% 2.9%

(In millions, except for percentage data)

4.6% 5.0%
2.5% 2.5%
4.9% 5.2%
—% —%

The defined benefit pension plans for which the projected benefit obligation exceeds the fair value of the respective plan
assets were as follows:

(In millions)

U.S.

Defined benefit pension plans with projected benefit obligations in
excess of plan assets:
Projected benefit obligation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fair value of plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$77
$—

As of December 31,
2025
2024
Non-U.S.
U.S.
Non-U.S.

$60
$—

$79
$—

$60
$—

Other postretirement benefit plans
The following table summarizes, with respect to other postretirement benefit plans, the benefit obligation, fair value of
plan assets, funded status, amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheets and weighted­average assumptions
used to determine benefit obligations:

(In millions, except for percentage data)

As of December 31,
2025
2024
U.S.
Non-U.S.
U.S.
Non-U.S.

Change in benefit obligation:
Benefit obligation, beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Actuarial (gains) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefits paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency rate changes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$49
—
2
(1)
(6)
—

$70
1
3
(1)
(5)
3

$55
—
2
(2)
(6)
—

$75
1
3
—
(5)
(4)

Benefit obligation, end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$44

$71

$49

$70

Change in fair value of plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Employer contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefits paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$—
6
(6)

$—
5
(5)

$—
6
(6)

$—
5
(5)

Fair value of plan assets, end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—

—

—

—

A­112

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(In millions, except for percentage data)

As of December 31,
2025
2024
U.S.
Non-U.S.
U.S.
Non-U.S.

Funded status . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(44)

$(71)

$(49)

$(70)

Amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheets:
Current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ (7)
(37)

$ (4)
(67)

$ (8)
(41)

$ (4)
(66)

Funded status at end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(44)

$(71)

$(49)

$(70)

Amounts recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss:
Net actuarial (gains) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(21)

$(17)

$(22)

$(16)

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(21)

$(17)

$(22)

$(16)

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations:
Discount rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5.1%

4.9%

5.4%

4.7%

The following table summarizes, with respect to other postretirement benefit plans, the components of Net periodic
benefit cost, amounts recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss), and weighted­average assumptions used to
determine Net periodic benefit cost:
2025

For the years ended December 31,
2024
2023
2025
2024
U.S.
Non-U.S.

2023

Components of Net periodic benefit cost:
Service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of actuarial (gains). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$—
2
(2)

$—
2
(2)

$—
3
(2)

$ 1
3
—

$ 1
3
(1)

$ 1
3
(2)

Net periodic benefit cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$—

$—

$ 1

$ 4

$ 3

$ 2

Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in
Other comprehensive (income) loss:
Net actuarial (gain) loss. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of actuarial loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency rate changes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ (1)
2
—

$ (2)
2
—

$ (3)
2
—

$ (1)
—
—

$—
1
1

$ 10
2
—

Total recognized in Other comprehensive (income) loss . . . . . . . .

$ 1

$—

$ (1)

$ (1)

$ 2

$ 12

Total recognized in Net periodic benefit cost and Other
comprehensive (income) loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 1

$—

$—

$ 3

$ 5

$ 14

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine Net
periodic benefit cost:
Discount rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5.4%

4.8%

4.9%

4.7%

4.7%

5.2%

(In millions, except for percentage data)

The assumed healthcare cost trend rates were as follows:

Healthcare cost trend rate assumed for next year . . . . . . .
Rate to which the cost trend rate gradually declines. . . . .
Year the rate reaches the ultimate rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

A­113

2025

For the years ended December 31,
U.S.
Non-U.S.
2024
2023
2025
2024

2023

8.2%
4.5%
2035

7.9%
4.5%
2033

4.6%
4.0%
2040

7.2%
4.5%
2031

5.1%
4.0%
2040

5.0%
4.0%
2040

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The other postretirement benefit plans for which the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation exceeds the fair
value of plan assets were as follows:

(In millions)

U.S.

Other postretirement benefit plans with accumulated postretirement
benefit obligations in excess of plan assets:
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$44

As of December 31,
2025
2024
Non-U.S.
U.S.
Non-U.S.

$71

$49

$70

Plan assets
The assets of the Company’s defined benefit pension plans are managed in Canada by fiduciary committees and in
Switzerland by Pension Fund Boards under Swiss law, with support from third party investment consultants, for the
benefit of the plan members. Consideration is given to the financial needs and circumstances of the plans, the long­term
nature of the benefit obligations and time horizon available for investment, and the nature of the plans cash flows and
liabilities. The investment strategy is set at the plan level, typically to maintain a diversified portfolio of assets to reduce
risk with the objective of minimizing volatility and meeting future obligations and long­term cash requirements as they
become due. The investment policy for each plan specifies the investment objectives, responsibilities, asset allocation
guidelines, and investment monitoring requirements.
The expected long­term rate of return on plan assets is developed based on a targeted asset allocation range, considering
investment community forecasts and current market conditions to develop expected returns for each of the asset classes
used by the plans. These expected returns are weighted to reflect the asset allocation of each plan.
The following is a description of the methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the defined benefit
pension plan assets:
•

Cash and cash equivalents: Cash and all highly liquid securities with original maturities of three months or
less are classified as Cash and cash equivalents. These assets are classified as Level 1.

•

Equity instruments: Individual securities that are valued at the closing price or last trade reported on the major
market on which they are traded are classified as Level 1. Commingled funds that are publicly traded are
valued based upon market quotes and are classified as Level 1. Non­publicly traded funds that require one or
more significant unobservable inputs reflecting assumptions that market participants would be expected to
use in pricing the assets are classified as Level 3.

•

Debt instruments: Debt instruments are valued based on prices derived from observable inputs and are
classified as Level 1 or Level 2. Level 2 investments may also include commingled funds that have a readily
determinable fair value based on observable prices of the underlying securities.

•

Insurance contracts: Buy­in annuity contracts are valued based on the estimated surrender value of the
contracts, which are classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair values of the insurance contracts
are determined by the insurance company’s valuation models and represent the value the Company would
receive upon surrender of these policies as of the measurement date.

•

Other: Other is composed of property and alternative investments, which are valued based on prices derived
from observable market inputs, including observable prices of underlying investments, as provided by
third­party managers, and are classified as Level 2.

A­114

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company’s target allocation ranges by asset class were as follow:
Defined Benefit Pension Plans 2025(1)

(In millions)

Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity instruments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)

0­10%
17­50%
0­72%
7­39%

There are no target asset allocations for the U.S. defined benefit pension plans, which have no assets as of December 31, 2025.

The Company’s asset allocation by asset class were as follow:

(In millions)

Defined Benefit Pension Plans Fair Values
As of December 31, 2025
Non-U.S. Plans
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total

Cash and cash equivalents. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Insurance contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 5
54
9
—
—

$—
—
53
33
—

$—
2
—
—
90

$

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$68

$86

$92

$246

5
56
62
33
90

There were no other postretirement benefit plan assets as of December 31, 2025.
The Company’s asset allocations by asset class were as follow:

(In millions)

Defined Benefit Pension Plans Fair Values
As of December 31, 2024
Non-U.S. Plans
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total

Cash and cash equivalents. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Insurance contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 2
26
—
—

$—
—
52
—

$—
2
—
93

$

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$28

$52

$95

$175

2
28
52
93

There were no other postretirement benefit plan assets as of December 31, 2024.
The reconciliation for Level 3 pension plan assets by asset class were as follows:
For the year ended December 31, 2025
Non-U.S. Plans
Actual return on
plan assets,
relating to assets Purchases, Change due to
Beginning
still held at
sales and exchange rate Ending
Balance
reporting date settlements
changes
Balance

(In millions)

Equity instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Insurance contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 2
93

$—
1

$—
(8)

$—
4

$ 2
90

Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$95

$ 1

$ (8)

$ 4

$92

A­115

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended December 31, 2024
Non-U.S. Plans
Actual return on
plan assets,
relating to assets Purchases, Change due to
Beginning
still held at
sales and exchange rate Ending
Balance
reporting date settlements
changes
Balance

(In millions)

Equity instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Insurance contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 26
468

$—
23

$ (24)
(378)

$—
(20)

$ 2
93

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$494

$23

$(402)

$(20)

$95

Expected future benefit payments
The following table presents the expected future benefit payments to be made over the next 10 years:
Defined Benefit Pension Plans
U.S.
Non-U.S.

(In millions)

2026 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2027 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2028 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2029 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2030 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2031­2035. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 7
7
7
7
6
29

$21
18
18
18
17
83

Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
U.S.
Non-U.S.

$ 7
6
6
4
4
15

$ 4
4
4
4
4
22

The Company expects that it will contribute $7 million to the U.S. defined benefit pension plans, $10 million to the
non­U.S. defined benefit pension plans, $7 million to the U.S. other postretirement benefit plans and $4 million to the
non­U.S. other postretirement benefit plans during the year ending December 31, 2026.
Defined contribution plans
In addition to the defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans, the Company sponsors various
defined contribution plans for U.S. and Canadian employees. Expense recognized with the defined contribution plans
totaled $91 million, $78 million and $70 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively,
and is included within Cost of revenues and Selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements
of operations.
Union-sponsored multiemployer pension plans
The Company participates in and contributes to various union­sponsored multiemployer pension plans for U.S. and
Canadian employees. The risks of participating in multiemployer pension plans differ from single employer plans as
follows:
•

Assets contributed to a multiemployer pension plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to
employees of other participating employers;

•

If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne
by the remaining participating employers; and

•

If the Company chooses to stop participating in one or more of the multiemployer pension plans to which it
contributes, the Company may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of
the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability.

Total contributions to union­sponsored multiemployer pension plans were $37 million, $35 million and $35 million for
the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

A­116

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 16. Accumulated other comprehensive loss
The changes in the balances for each component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, were as follows:

Cash Flow
Hedges

Defined Benefit
Pension and Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans

Total

$(382)
92

$ 3
17

$ 7
(44)

$(372)
65

—

(36)

26

(10)

92

(19)

(18)

55

Balance as of December 31, 2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications. .
Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) to Net income . . . . . . . . . . . .

(290)
(344)

(16)
28

(11)
2

(317)
(314)

—

(19)

44

25

Net current­period Other comprehensive income (loss) . . . . .

(344)

9

46

(289)

Balance as of December 31, 2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications. .
Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) to Net income . . . . . . . . . . . .

(634)
203

(7)
11

35
7

(606)
221

—

(5)

(3)

(8)

Net current­period Other comprehensive income (loss) . . . . .
Unrecognized gain transferred from Holcim pension . . . . . . .

203
—

6
—

4
2

213
2

Balance as of December 31, 2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(431)

$ (1)

$ 41

$(391)

Foreign Currency
Translation
Adjustment

Balance as of January 1, 2023. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications. .
Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) to Net income . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net current­period Other comprehensive income (loss) . . . . .

(In millions)

The following amounts were reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss to Net Income:
For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

(In millions)

Net change in fair value of effective portion of cash flow hedges
Cost of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(7)
2

$(26)
7

$(48)
12

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(5)

$(19)

$(36)

Actuarial losses and prior service costs for defined benefit pension plans and
other postretirement benefit plans
Other non­operating (income) expense, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense (benefit) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(4)
1

$ 58
(14)

$ 34
(8)

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$(3)

$ 44

$ 26

Total amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) to Net income

$(8)

$ 25

$(10)

The Company releases tax effects from Accumulated other comprehensive loss when the underlying items affect
earnings.
Note 17. Commitments and contingencies
Commitments
In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into purchase commitments for goods and services including
various products and capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment. The Company had purchase commitments
for capital expenditures of $207 million and other contractual commitments for products and intangibles of
$601 million as of December 31, 2025.

A­117

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Contingencies
In the ordinary course of conducting its business activities, the Company is involved in judicial, administrative and
regulatory investigations and proceedings, as well as lawsuits and claims of various natures, involving both private
parties and governmental authorities, relating to product liability, general and commercial liability, competition,
environmental, employment, health and safety and other matters. These claims and proceedings include insured,
self­insured, and uninsured matters that are brought on an individual, collective, representative and class­action basis.
The Company records a liability for contingencies when the occurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be
reasonably estimated, and records legal fees as incurred. If a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated and no
amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, then the minimum of the range is accrued. The
Company does not accrue liabilities when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is probable but the amount
cannot be reasonably estimated or when the liability is believed to be only reasonably possible or remote. For
contingencies where an unfavorable outcome is probable or reasonably possible and which are material, the Company
discloses the nature of the contingency and, where an estimate can reasonably be made, an estimate of the possible loss.
Accruals are based on the best information available, but in certain situations, management is unable to estimate an
amount or range of a reasonably possible loss, including, but not limited to, when: (1) the damages are indeterminate,
(2) the proceedings are in the early stages, (3) numerous parties are involved, or (4) the matter involves novel or
unsettled legal theories.
The aggregate range of reasonably possible losses in excess of accrued liabilities, if any, associated with these
unresolved legal actions is not material. In some cases, the Company cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss because
there is insufficient information regarding the matter. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome
of these unresolved legal actions, the Company believes that these actions will not individually or in the aggregate have
a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity. In 2025, the Company
recorded nonrecurring legal costs of $46 million.
Warranties
The Company provides standard warranties on many of its products within the Building Envelope segment. The
liability for standard warranty programs is included in Other current liabilities and Other noncurrent liabilities. The
change in the standard warranty liability for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 is as follows:
(In millions)

2025

2024

Balance as of January 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Increase for warranties issued . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Increase for pre­existing warranties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Decrease for payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 60
14
51
(36)

$ 18
16
58
(32)

Balance as of December 31 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 89

$ 60

The Company increased the standard pre­existing warranty accrual for the Building Envelope segment by $51 million
and $58 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, which was recorded in Cost of revenues
on the consolidated statements of operations, notably attributed to a pre­acquisition manufacturing issue. The increase
in the pre­existing accrual associated with the Company’s standard warranty program was influenced by important
factors such as the long­tail line of coverage, persistent claims experience, and relatively immature claims history.
Environmental matters
The Company’s operations are subject to and affected by federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations
relating to, among other things, environmental matters (including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions), health
and safety matters (including related to the use of hazardous materials) and other regulatory matters. Environmental
operating permits, which are subject to modification, renewal and revocation, may be required for the Company’s
operations. The Company monitors and reviews its operations, procedures and policies for compliance with these laws

A­118

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
and regulations. Despite these compliance efforts, risk of environmental liability is inherent in the operation of the
Company’s business, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses, and there can be no assurance that
environmental liabilities or noncompliance will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial
condition, results of operations or liquidity.
The Company accrued environmental remediation obligations of $69 million and $64 million for cleanup, restoration
and ongoing maintenance and monitoring requirements as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively,
which are included in Other current liabilities and Other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
Off balance sheet arrangements
Periodically, the Company enters into off balance sheet commitments, including surety bonds and letters of credit, to
fulfill certain obligations related to specific projects, insurance and site restoration. As of December 31, 2025 and
December 31, 2024, the Company had outstanding commitments amounting to $751 million and $809 million,
respectively. Historically, no material claims have been made against these financial instruments. The Company did not
have any other off balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Note 18. Related party
Pursuant to the Spin­Off, Holcim ceased to be a related party to the Company and accordingly, no related party
transactions or balances have been reported subsequent to the Separation and Distribution Date. In connection with the
Spin­Off, the Company entered into a number of agreements with Holcim to govern the Spin­Off and provide a
framework for the relationship between the parties going forward, including, but not limited to the following:
•

Separation and Distribution Agreement ­ sets forth the principal actions to be taken in connection with the
Spin­Off, including the transfer of assets and assumption of liabilities, and establishes certain rights and
obligations between the Company and Holcim following the Spin­Off, including procedures with respect to
claims subject to indemnification and related matters.

•

Transition Services Agreement ­ governs all matters relating to the provision of services between the
Company and Holcim on a transitional basis. The services the Company receives primarily include support
for information technology­related functions. The transition services generally commenced on the date of
Spin­Off and are expected to be completed over a period of one year, but no longer than two years after the
Spin­Off.

•

Tax Matters Agreement ­ governs the respective rights, responsibilities, and obligations between the
Company and Holcim with respect to all tax matters, in addition to certain restrictions which generally
prohibit the Company from taking or failing to take any action for periods of varying length, from two years
to as long as five years, following the Spin­Off that would prevent the Spin­Off from qualifying as tax­free for
U.S. federal income tax purposes, including limitations on the Company’s ability to pursue certain strategic
transactions. The allocation of liabilities for payroll taxes and reporting and other employee tax matters is
covered by the Employee Matters Agreement and the allocation of liabilities for all other taxes is covered by
the Tax Matters Agreement.

The financial statement impact of these agreements was immaterial as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025.
The following discussion summarizes activity between the Company and Holcim that occurred prior to the completion
of the Spin­Off.
Related-party transactions
The Company and Holcim historically had intercompany activity, resulting in revenues and expenses for both parties
prior to the Spin­Off. Transactions between the Company and other businesses of Holcim were considered related­party
transactions. Revenues for products and services provided to Holcim by the Company were $33 million, $75 million,
and $65 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The costs incurred by the
Company related to products and services purchased from Holcim were $69 million, $206 million, and $274 million for
the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are contained within Cost of revenues on the
consolidated statements of operations. The Company also generated revenues from its equity method investees of
$15 million, $15 million, and $15 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

A­119

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Certain related­party transactions between the Company and Holcim have been included in these consolidated financial
statements prior to the Spin­Off. Trade receivables and payables, as well as non­trade receivables and payables, between
the Company and Holcim are cash settled and are presented within Accounts receivable, net and Accounts payable on
the consolidated balance sheets. These amounts were previously presented as Due from related­party and Due to
related­party, respectively. The net effect of the settlement of these intercompany transactions is reflected within Cash
flows from operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows. As of December 31, 2024, trade
receivables from Holcim were $21 million, non­trade receivables from Holcim were $37 million, trade payables due to
Holcim were $8 million and non­trade payables due to Holcim were $3 million.
Allocation of corporate expenses
The consolidated statements of operations include expense allocations for certain corporate, infrastructure and other
shared services that were provided by Holcim on a centralized basis, including but not limited to accounting and
financial reporting, treasury, tax, legal, human resources, information technology, insurance, employee benefits and
other shared services that are either specifically identifiable or directly attributable to the Company, prior to the
Spin­Off. These expenses had been allocated to the Company on the basis of direct usage when specifically identifiable,
with the remainder predominantly allocated on a pro rata basis using revenues. The Company’s management considers
this allocation to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided or the benefit received by the
Company during the periods presented prior to the Spin­Off. However, these expense allocations may not be indicative
of the actual expenses that would have been incurred had the Company been a standalone company during the periods
presented, and they may not reflect what the Company’s results of operations may be in the future.
All such amounts have been deemed to have been incurred and settled by the Company in the period in which the costs
were recorded and are included within Net parent investment on the consolidated balance sheets prior to the Spin­Off.
Allocations for management costs and corporate support services provided to the Company prior to the Spin­Off were
as follows:
(In millions)

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Cost of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$16
44

$ 28
108

$ 27
120

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$60

$136

$147

Cash management and financing
Prior to the Spin­Off, a majority of the Company’s subsidiaries participated in Holcim’s centralized cash management
and financing function. While the Company maintained bank accounts in the name of its respective legal entities in
order to conduct day­to­day business, cash was managed centrally as part of the overall treasury function and Holcim
oversaw a cash pooling program whereby cash was swept from any subsidiary accounts, including the Company’s
accounts, on a daily basis. This mechanism optimized cash management and was used to ensure all of Holcim’s
businesses had the working capital needed to run their day­to­day activities.
Depending on the Company’s contributions and withdrawals to and from the cash pool, it was either in a net lending or
borrowing position. No maturity dates nor payment schedules were outlined in the agreements governing the cash
pooling program and there was no periodic cash settlement as part of the cash pooling program. As of December 31,
2024, the Company had outstanding receivables related to amounts provided to Holcim’s centralized cash management
and financing function of $532 million, which is included in Related­party notes receivable on the consolidated balance
sheet. The balance was settled prior to the Spin­Off. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the
Company paid interest expense of less than $1 million, $1 million and $9 million, respectively, on borrowings from
Holcim’s centralized cash management and financing function. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023,
the Company received interest income of $12 million, $15 million, $4 million, respectively, on amounts contributed to
the cash pooling program.

A­120

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Related-party notes payable
The Company had short­term and long­term borrowing arrangements with Holcim prior to the Spin­Off. These
borrowings have been included in both current and noncurrent liabilities within Related­party notes payable on the
consolidated balance sheets.
The borrowing arrangements with Holcim were primarily for working capital needs and for financing certain
acquisitions and had an aggregate principal balance of $7,645 million and $7,647 million as of June 22, 2025 and
December 31, 2024, respectively. Prior to the Spin­Off, the Company settled $5,646 million of related­party notes
payable, with the remaining $1,999 million contributed by Holcim to the Company as equity. The Company recognized
interest expense from related­party notes payable of $183 million, $454 million and $460 million for the years ended
December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, interest payable to Holcim was $78 million
related to related­party notes payable.
Net parent investment
As a result of the Spin­Off, Net parent investment in the consolidated balance sheets was fully settled on the Separation
and Distribution Date.
Prior to the Spin­Off, Net parent investment in the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of equity
represented Holcim’s historical investment in the Company, the net effect of transactions with Holcim and allocations
from Holcim, and the Company’s accumulated earnings. Net transfers to Holcim are included within Net parent
investment. During the year ended December 31, 2025, certain Spin­Off­related adjustments were recorded to reflect
transfers from Holcim and settlement of Spin­Off transactions with Holcim, which resulted in a net increase to total
equity of $2,027 million. These items substantially consisted of the completion of the bond exchange as described in
Note 10 (Debt) and the settlement of intercompany debt as described above. The components of Net transfers to Holcim
on the consolidated statements of cash flows and the reconciliation to the corresponding amounts presented within the
consolidated statements of equity, which includes certain non­cash elements, were as follows:
For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

(In millions)

Net transfers to Holcim as reflected on the consolidated statements of cash flows(1) . . .
Equity contribution from Holcim related to the settlement of Related­party notes
payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other non­cash activities with Holcim, net(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net transfers from (to) Holcim as reflected on the consolidated statements of
equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ (91)

$(304)

$(20)

1,999
25

—
31

—
3

$1,933

$(273)

$(17)

(1)

Net transfers to Holcim as reflected on the consolidated statements of cash flows includes general financing activities and allocation of
Holcim’s corporate expenses.

(2)

Other non­cash activities with Holcim, net primarily consist of the net contribution from Holcim from the completion of the bond exchange as
described in Note 10 (Debt) for the year ended December 31, 2025 and income taxes paid by Holcim for the year ended December 31, 2024.

A­121

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 19. Supplemental cash flow information
Cash expenditures were as follows:
(In millions)

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Interest paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income taxes paid. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating cash flows used for operating leases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating cash flows used for finance leases. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Financing cash flows used for finance leases. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 411
369
(169)
(19)
(106)

$ 497
302
(159)
(16)
(82)

$ 504
211
(161)
(11)
(55)

Non­cash investing and financing transactions were as follows:
For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

(In millions)

Accrued purchases of property, plant and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Right­of­use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities . . . . . . .
Right­of­use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities . . . . . . . . .
Equity contribution from Holcim related to the Spin­off. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

90
197
223
1,999

$ 72
244
150
—

$ 81
166
89
—

Note 20. Earnings per share and shareholders’ equity
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to the Company by the weighted­average
number of shares outstanding during the applicable period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net
income attributable to the Company by the total of the weighted­average number of shares outstanding during the
applicable period, plus the effect of dilutive securities. The computation of diluted earnings per share excludes the effect
of the potential exercise of share­based awards, when the effect of the potential exercise would be antidilutive. For the
years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any share­based awards that had an
antidilutive effect on earnings per share.
On the Separation and Distribution Date, Holcim distributed 553,082,069 shares in the Company to Holcim
shareholders in connection with the Spin­Off. This amount is based on 566,875,513 Holcim shares outstanding at the
Separation and Distribution Date. The 13,793,444 shares in the Company, which were not distributed to Holcim
shareholders in connection with the Spin­Off, were contributed from Holcim to the Company as treasury stock. The
treasury stock was contributed for no consideration and is recorded on the balance sheet with no cost basis. The
calculation for basic and diluted earnings per share for any period presented prior to the Spin­Off were based on the
number of shares outstanding on the Separation and Distribution Date and have been retrospectively presented. For
periods prior to the Spin­Off, there are no dilutive equity instruments as there were no Company share­based awards
outstanding at the time.
The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was as
follows:
(In millions, except per share data)

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Numerator:
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,182
3

$1,273
1

$ 955
1

Net income attributable to the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Denominator:
Basic weighted­average number of shares outstanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Dilutive effect of share­based awards . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,185

$1,274

$ 956

553.1
0.5

553.1
—

553.1
—

Diluted weighted­average number of shares outstanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

553.6

553.1

553.1

A­122

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions, except per share data)

For the years ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

Earnings per share
Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$2.14
$2.14

$2.30
$2.30

$1.73
$1.73

Note 21. Share-based compensation
Prior to the Spin­Off, certain key employees of the Company participated in Holcim’s share­based compensation plans.
All awards granted under these plans were based on Holcim’s ordinary shares. Prior to the Spin­Off, share­based
compensation expense was allocated to the Company based upon the portion of the Holcim’s share­based compensation
plans in which the Company employees participated.
At the time of the Spin­Off, each outstanding Holcim performance stock option, performance share unit, and restricted
share unit held by a Company employee were converted into Company awards using a formula designed to preserve the
intrinsic value of the awards immediately prior to and subsequent to the Spin­Off. The converted awards will continue
to vest over the original vesting period, which is generally two years from the grant date for restricted share units, three
years from the grant date for performance share units, and five years from the grant date for PSOs. The incremental
compensation expense related to the modification from the conversion of the share­based awards was immaterial to
these consolidated financial statements.
Effective June 23, 2025, the Company established the Amrize Ltd 2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan (‘‘2025 Plan’’). A total
of 25,500,000 shares were authorized for issuance under the 2025 Plan. The 2025 Plan provides for the grant of share
options (including Incentive Stock Options and nonqualified stock options), RSUs, PSUs, and other share­based
awards.
Total share­based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $14 million, including $3 million
allocated from Holcim. Expense is recorded in Cost of revenues and Selling, general and administrative expenses. The
share­based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was immaterial to these
consolidated financial statements.
As of December 31, 2025, the total remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to the RSUs, PSUs and PSOs
was $4 million, $35 million and $2 million, which will be amortized over a weighted average period of 2 years.
Restricted Stock Units
Prior to the Spin­Off, RSUs were previously granted to eligible employees. These typically vest two years from the
grant date.
During fiscal year 2025, the Company granted RSUs representing 118,632 ordinary shares of the Company. Each RSU
entitles the recipient to receive one share of common stock upon vesting. These RSUs cliff vest on specified dates,
generally over one year or three years. The fair value of RSUs is determined using the closing price of the Company’s
Common Stock at grant date.
The RSU activity during 2025 was as follows:
Number of Units

Weighted Average Grant
Date Fair Value

Nonvested as of December 31, 2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Awards converted upon Spin­Off . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vested . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—
3,055
118,632
—
—

$ —
39.60
48.79
—
—

Nonvested as of December 31, 2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

121,687

$48.56

(In millions, except per share data, units in actual)

A­123

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Performance Stock Units
Prior to the Spin­Off, PSUs were previously granted to eligible employees. These had a time­based vesting condition
generally three years from grant date. The original performance metrics consisted of Sustainability, Adjusted Earnings
Per Share (‘‘EPS’’) Growth, and Return on Invested Capital (‘‘ROIC’’) targets. These were modified on August 6, 2025.
Following the modification, the performance metrics for the remaining performance period for 2023 PSUs consist of
EPS and ROIC targets only, with each target weighted 50%. For the 2024 PSUs, the performance metrics for the
remaining period consist of an EPS performance metric and Relative Total Shareholder Return (‘‘rTSR’’) market
condition for the remaining performance period, with each target weighted 50%. There was no incremental expense as
a result of this modification.
During fiscal year 2025, the Company granted PSUs representing 656,544 ordinary shares of the Company at target
performance levels. These PSUs cliff vest on specified dates. The number of ordinary shares of PSUs to be received
upon vesting will be determined based on the relative achievement of performance metrics. The performance metrics
for these PSUs consist of an EPS performance metric for half of the PSUs and a Relative Total Shareholder Return
market condition for the other half.
The fair value of PSUs based on internal financial performance metrics is determined using the closing price of the
Company’s Common Stock at grant date. For PSUs that include a market condition, the Company measures the fair
value using a Monte Carlo simulation.
The PSU activity during 2025 was as follows:
Number of Units(1)

Weighted Average Grant
Date Fair Value

Nonvested as of December 31, 2024. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Awards converted upon Spin­Off . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vested . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—
329,176
656,544
(646)
(14,035)

$ —
38.97
54.77
39.61
41.99

Nonvested as of December 31, 2025. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

971,039

$49.61

(In millions, except per share data, units in actual)

(1)

PSUs are presented at target performance (100%), with the potential to earn stretch performance (200%).

The following assumptions were used in the Monte Carlo simulation model for PSUs granted during the year ended
December 31, 2025:
2025

Expected volatility . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Expected dividend yield . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Risk­free interest rates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Remaining performance period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

26.3% ­ 26.6%
—%
3.5% ­ 3.7%
2.3 ­ 2.4 years

The expected volatility for Amrize was developed based on the historical volatilities of a comparable group of peer
companies with similarity in size, industry and financial leverage. The dividend yield used is 0% as the award holders
are assumed to fully reinvest the dividends that are distributed. Risk­free rate is based on the US Treasury Rate Yield
Curve Rates, adjusted to approximate zero coupon yields. The remaining performance period reflects the period from
the grant date to the performance period end date.

A­124

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Performance Stock Options
No new stock options have been granted under the 2025 Plan. Prior to the Spin­Off, PSOs were previously granted to
eligible employees. PSOs typically vest five years from the grant date and have a contractual term of ten years. The
PSOs also have a TSR market condition and the fair value for these was measured using a Monte Carlo simulation
model.
Weighted
Average
Exercise Price

Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual Term

(In millions, except per share data, options in actual)

Number of
Stock Options

Aggregate
Intrinsic Value

Outstanding as of December 31, 2024 . . . . . . . . . . .
Awards converted upon Spin­off . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Exercised . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Expired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—
2,779,550
—
(67,749)
—

$

Outstanding as of December 31, 2025 . . . . . . . . . . .

2,711,801

$31.98

6.1

$59.90

Vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2025 . . .

2,711,801

$31.98

6.1

$59.90

Exercisable as of December 31, 2025 . . . . . . . . . . . .

—

—
32.03
—
34.02
—

$

—

$

—

For the modification accounting fair value calculations related to the Spin­Off, the expected term of the options was
determined based on a methodology that considered the exercise multiple (stock price divided by exercise price) at the
time of the modification. The pre­conversion volatility was developed using Holcim’s historical volatility. The
post­conversion volatility was developed using a comparable group of peer companies with similarity in size, industry
and financial leverage. The pre­conversion dividend yield was determined for the Holcim using most recent dividend
paid by Holcim, compounded annually. The post­conversion dividend yield used was 0%. The incremental
compensation expense related to the modification from the conversion of the performance stock options was immaterial
to these consolidated financial statements.
Note 22. Equity method investments
The Company uses the equity method of accounting for its investments in entities over which the Company has the
ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies or exercise joint control with other
investors but does not control and is not the primary beneficiary. Equity method investments are initially recognized at
cost and are included within Other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company’s proportionate
interest in the operating results of the entity is included within Income from equity method investments on the
consolidated statements of operations.
Equity method investments consisted of the following:
Ownership
percentage
(In millions, except for percentage data)

Quality Concrete Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Nelson Aggregate Co Partnership . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Others. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

47%
50%

Balance as of
December 31,
2025
2024

Share of income for the year
ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023

$22
18
10

$20
17
19

$ 3
5
3

$ 3
6
4

$ 2
6
5

$50

$56

$11

$13

$13

Note 23. Subsequent events
The Company has evaluated subsequent events occurring through to the date the consolidated financial statements were
issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required
adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements except as noted below.

A­125

Amrize Ltd
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Agreement to Acquire PB Materials
On January 6, 2026, the Company announced that it entered into an agreement to acquire PB Materials Holdings, Inc.,
an aggregates business with a complementary ready­mix concrete network in the West Texas region. PB Materials
Holdings, Inc. has over $180 million in annual revenues and will be included in the Company’s Building Materials
segment. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2026 and is subject to customary closing conditions.
Share Repurchase Program Approval by the Board
On February 17, 2026, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase authorization of $1.0 billion, with a one year
expiration. Share repurchases may be made in the open market or privately negotiated transactions. Share repurchases
under the authorization will be subject to the Company’s shareholders’ prior approval of the Company’s financial
statements at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders.
Swiss law imposes certain restrictions on the Company’s ability to return earnings or capital to its shareholders,
including through the repurchase of its own shares. We may only repurchase shares to the extent that sufficient freely
distributable reserves are available. In addition, Swiss law requires that the total par value of the Company’s treasury
shares must not be in excess of 10 percent of its total share capital, although, to the extent permitted by Swiss law,
exemptions from the 10 percent limit apply for repurchased treasury shares dedicated for cancellation under our
shareholder­approved capital band or for shares acquired pursuant to a shareholder­ratified repurchase program and
dedicated for cancellation.
Special One-Time Dividend and Annual Ordinary Dividend Approval by the Board
On February 17, 2026, the Board of Directors approved and recommended the Company pay a special, one­time
dividend of $0.44 per outstanding share to be paid after the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders and an annual, ordinary
cash dividend of $0.44 per outstanding share to be paid in up to four installments. The dividends will be structured as
a repayment of legal reserves from capital contributions and will not be subject to Swiss withholding tax.
Pursuant to Swiss corporate law, the payment of dividends is limited to certain amounts of unappropriated capital
reserves within retained earnings and is subject to shareholder approval. The Board’s recommendation to pay the
dividends will be submitted to the Company’s shareholders at its upcoming annual general meeting of shareholders. If
approved, the Board of Directors will determine the record and payment dates on which the dividends may be paid, and
it is authorized to abstain from paying some or all of the dividends at its discretion.
Future dividends will be subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders.

A­126

Amrize Ltd
Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.
Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a­15(e) and 15d15(e) under the Exchange Act)
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under
the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules
and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2025 was carried out under the supervision and with the
participation of the Company’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (‘‘the
Certifying Officers’’). Based on this evaluation, the Certifying Officers concluded that the Company’s disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2025 because of our previously reported material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, as described in the Risk Factors section.
Notwithstanding the identified material weakness, management has concluded that the consolidated financial
statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10­K present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows for the periods disclosed in conformity with U.S. GAAP.
Material Weakness
A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
As previously disclosed, management identified a material weakness in the design and operation of our internal control
over financial reporting related to insufficient accounting and supervisory personnel who have the appropriate level of
U.S. GAAP technical accounting experience and training.
Ongoing Remediation Efforts to Address the Previously Identified Material Weakness
Management, under the oversight of the Audit Committee, is in the process of implementing measures designed to
remediate the factors contributing to the material weakness, including:
•

Continuing to recruit, onboard and train qualified personnel with U.S. GAAP and SEC experience to support
enhanced control ownership and timely, consistent execution of internal control over financial reporting;

•

Establishing and advancing Finance Policy and Disclosure Committees comprised of appropriately qualified
personnel;

•

Utilizing outside resources with specialized accounting expertise to supplement internal resources as needed.

While we have taken steps to implement our remediation plan, the material weakness will not be considered remediated
until the enhanced controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that
the related controls are effective. We will continue to monitor the effectiveness of our remediation plan and refine the
plan as appropriate.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
This Annual Report does not include a report of management’s assessment regarding internal control over financial
reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period
established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies.
Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting
Other than with respect to the remediation efforts in connection with the material weakness described above, there were
no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

A­127

Amrize Ltd
Item 9B.

Other information

None.
Item 9C.

Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections

Not applicable.

A­128

Amrize Ltd
PART III
Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers & Corporate Governance

The information regarding directors required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement to be filed
with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Information regarding executive officers is
presented in Part I of this report under the caption ‘‘Information about our Executive Officers.’’
Our board of directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct applicable to all officers, directors, and employees,
which is available on our website (https://investors.amrize.com/governance/governance­documents) under
‘‘Governance Documents.’’ We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8­K regarding
amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct by posting such information on the website
address and location specified above.
We have adopted insider trading and 10b5­1 trading plan policies and procedures applicable to our directors, officers,
employees, and other covered persons, and have implemented processes for the Company, that we believe are
reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the NYSE listing
standards. Our insider trading policy and our 10b5­1 trading plan policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report
on Form 10­K.
Item 11.

Executive Compensation

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement to be filed with the
SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.
Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement to be filed with the
SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.
Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement to be filed with the
SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.
Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees & Services

Information required by this Item 14, including aggregate fees billed to us by our principal accountant, Ernst & Young
Ltd, is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2025.

A­129

Amrize Ltd
PART IV
Item 15.

Exhibits & Financial Statements Schedules

Financial Statements

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 1460) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statements of Operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Balance Sheets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statements of Equity. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

A­70
A­72
A­73
A­74
A­75
A­76

Exhibit No.

2.1#

3.1
3.2
4.1*
4.2

4.3

4.4
4.5
4.6
4.7
4.8
4.9
4.9

4.10*
4.11*
4.12*
4.13*
4.14*
4.15*

Exhibit

Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2025, by and between Holcim Ltd and
Amrize Ltd (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Form 8­K filed June 23, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and
incorporated herein by reference).
Articles of Association of Amrize Ltd (Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8­K filed June 23, 2025,
File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Organizational Resolutions of Amrize Ltd (Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Form 8­K filed June 23,
2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Description of Capital Stock
Supplemental Indenture, dated June 18, 2025, by and among Holcim Finance US LLC, Amrize,
Holcim Ltd and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (Exhibit 4.1 to the
Company’s Form 8­K filed June 18, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Indenture, dated June 18, 2025, by and among Holcim Finance US LLC, Amrize, Holcim Ltd and The
Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8­K
filed June 18, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Form of 3.500% Senior Notes due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Form 8­K filed
June 18, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Form of 4.200% Senior Notes due 2033 (included in Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Form 8­K filed
June 18, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Form of 7.125% Senior Notes due 2036 (included in Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Form 8­K filed
June 18, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Form of 6.875% Senior Notes due 2039 (included in Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Form 8­K filed
June 18, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Form of 6.500% Senior Notes due 2043 (included in Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Form 8­K filed
June 18, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Form of 4.750% Senior Notes due 2046 (included in Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s Form 8­K filed
June 18, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 18, 2025, by and among Holcim Finance US LLC, Amrize
and BNP Paribas Securities Corp., BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC and Santander US
Capital Markets LLC, as Dealer Managers (Exhibit 4.9 to the Company’s Form 8­K filed June 18,
2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Form of 3.500% Senior Notes due 2026.
Form of 4.200% Senior Notes due 2033.
Form of 7.125% Senior Notes due 2036.
Form of 6.875% Senior Notes due 2039.
Form of 6.500% Senior Notes due 2043.
Form of 4.750% Senior Notes due 2046.

A­130

Amrize Ltd
Exhibit No.

4.16

4.17

4.18

4.19*
4.20*
4.21*
4.22*
4.23

10.1&
10.2&
10.3#

10.4#

10.5

10.6#

10.7#

10.8#†

10.9#†

Exhibit

Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 18, 2025, by and among Holcim Finance US LLC, Amrize
and BNP Paribas Securities Corp., BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC and Santander
US Capital Markets LLC, as Dealer Managers (Exhibit 4.9 to the Company’s Form 8­K filed June 18,
2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Indenture, dated as of April 7, 2025, by and among Holcim Finance US LLC, the Registrant and
Holcim Ltd, as Guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee
(Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed May 7, 2025, File No. 1­42542,
and incorporated herein by reference).
First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 7, 2025, by and among Holcim Finance US LLC, the
Registrant and Holcim Ltd, as Guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.,
as Trustee (Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed May 7, 2025,
File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Form of 4.600% Senior Notes due 2027.
Form of 4.700% Senior Notes due 2028.
Form of 4.950% Senior Notes due 2030.
Form of 5.400% Senior Notes due 2035.
Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2025, by and among Holcim Finance US LLC, the
Registrant and Holcim Ltd (Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed
May 7, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Amrize Ltd 2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan. (Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Form S­8 filed June 23,
2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Amrize Ltd Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Form S­8 filed June 23,
2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Transition Services Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2025, by and between Holcim Ltd and Amrize Ltd
(Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8­K filed June 23, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated
herein by reference).
Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2025, by and between Holcim Ltd and Amrize Ltd
(Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 8­K filed June 23, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated
herein by reference).
Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2025, by and between Holcim Ltd and Amrize Ltd
(Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Form 8­K filed June 23, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated
herein by reference).
Intellectual Property Cross­License Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2025, by and between Holcim
Technology Ltd and Amrize Technology Switzerland LLC (Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Form 8­K
filed June 23, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Trademark License Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2025, by and among Holcim Ltd, Holcim
Technology Ltd and Amrize Technology Switzerland LLC (Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Form 8­K
filed June 23, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2025, by and among the Registrant, Holcim Ltd,
as Guarantor, Holcim Finance US LLC, as Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase
Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and BNP Paribas, as Syndication Agent (Exhibit 10.6 to the
Company’s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed May 7, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated
herein by reference).
Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2025, by and among the Registrant, Holcim Ltd,
as Guarantor, Holcim Finance US LLC, as Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase
Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and BNP Paribas, as Syndication Agent (Exhibit 10.7 to the
Company’s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed May 7, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated
herein by reference).

A­131

Amrize Ltd
Exhibit No.

10.10
10.11&

10.12&

10.13&

10.14&

10.15&

10.16&

10.17*&#
10.18*&#
10.19*&
10.20*&
10.21*&
10.22*&
10.23*&
10.24*&#
10.25*&
10.26*&#
10.27*&#
10.28*&
19*
21*
22*
23.1
31.1*
31.2*
32.1**
95*
97*

Exhibit

Form of Indemnification Agreement (Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Form 10 filed February 28, 2025,
File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Employment Offer Letter, dated March 1, 2021, by and between Jamie Gentoso and Holcim (US) Inc.
(Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Form 10 filed February 28, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated
herein by reference).
Employment Agreement, dated May 2, 2025, by and between Nollaig Forrest and Amrize Technology
Switzerland LLC (Exhibit 10.15 to the Company’s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed May 7, 2025,
File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated May 1, 2025, by and between Jaime Hill and
Holcim Participations (US) Inc. (Exhibit 10.16 to the Company’s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed
May 7, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated May 1, 2025, by and between Ian Johnston and
Holcim (US) Inc. (Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed May 7, 2025,
File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Employment Agreement, dated April 28, 2025, by and between Jan Jenisch and the Registrant
(Exhibit 10.18 to the Company’s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed May 7, 2025, File No. 1­42542,
and incorporated herein by reference).
International Assignment Agreement, dated May 5, 2025, by and between Nollaig Forrest and Amrize
Technology Switzerland LLC (Exhibit 10.19 to the Company’s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 filed
May 7, 2025, File No. 1­42542, and incorporated herein by reference).
Employment Agreement, dated May 1, 2025, by and between Denise Singleton and Holcim
Participations (US) Inc.
Employment Agreement, dated May 1, 2025, by and between Stephen Clark and Holcim Participations
(US) Inc.
Contract of Employment, dated May 9, 2025, by and between Mario Gross and Amrize Technology
Switzerland LLC.
International Assignment Agreement, dated December 3, 2025, by and between Mario Gross, Amrize
Technology Switzerland LLC and Amrize North America Inc.
Contract of Employment, dated May 12, 2025, by and between Samuel Poletti and Amrize Ltd.
Contract of Employment, dated May 12, 2025, by and between Roald Brouwer and Amrize
Technology Switzerland LLC.
Addendum to Contract of Employment (Relocation Agreement), dated May 12, 2025, by and between
Roald Brouwer and Amrize Technology Switzerland LLC
Employment Agreement, effective May 1, 2025, by and between Jake Gosa and Holcim Participations
(US) Inc.
Amendment to the Employment Agreement, dated August 6, 2025, by and between Jake Gosa and
Amrize North America Inc.
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non­Employee Directors).
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Employee).
Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement.
Insider Trading Policy.
List of Subsidiaries.
Subsidiary Issuer of Guaranteed Securities
Consent of Ernst & Young AG.
Certification of CEO, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes­Oxley Act of 2002.
Certification of CFO, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes­Oxley Act of 2002.
Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes­Oxley Act of 2002.
Disclosure of Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) Safety Data
Clawback Policy

A­132

Amrize Ltd
Exhibit No.

101*
104

Exhibit

Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL).
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL in Exhibit 101)

#

Certain schedules, exhibits and/or attachments have been omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S­K. The
Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon
its request.

†

Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S­K. The Registrant agrees to furnish
supplementally an unredacted copy of this exhibit to the SEC upon its request.

&

Indicates management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.

*

Filed herewith

**

This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the ‘‘Exchange Act’’),
or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary

None.

A­133

Amrize Ltd
Signatures
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant
has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10­K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized
in the City of Zug, Switzerland, on this 18th day of February of 2026.
Amrize Ltd
By:
/s/ Jan Jenisch
Name: Jan Jenisch
Title:
Date:

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
(Principal Executive Officer)
February 18, 2026

POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and
appoints Jan Jenisch and Ian Johnston, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys­in­fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10­K, and to file the same, with all exhibits
thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto
said attorneys­in­fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and
thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might
or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys­in­fact and agents, or any of them or their
or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10­K has been signed
by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:
Name

Title

Date

/s/ Jan Philipp Jenisch

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
(Principal Executive Officer)

February 18, 2026

Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)

February 18, 2026

Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller
(Principal Accounting Officer)

February 18, 2026

Director

February 18, 2026

Director

February 18, 2026

Director

February 18, 2026

Director

February 18, 2026

Director

February 18, 2026

Jan Philipp Jenisch
/s/ Ian Johnston
Ian Johnston
/s/ Richard Hoffman
Richard Hoffman
/s/ Nicholas Gangestad
Nicholas Gangestad
/s/ Dwight Gibson
Dwight Gibson
/s/ Holli Ladhani
Holli Ladhani
/s/ Michael E. McKelvy
Michael E. McKelvy
/s/ Jürg Oleas
Jürg Oleas

A­134

Amrize Ltd
Name

/s/ Robert S. Rivkin
Robert S. Rivkin
/s/ Katja Roth Pellanda
Katja Roth Pellanda
/s/ Maria Cristina A. Wilbur
Maria Cristina A. Wilbur

Title

Date

Director

February 18, 2026

Director

February 18, 2026

Director

February 18, 2026

A­135

Ernst & Young AG
Maagplatz 1
P.O. Box
CH-8010 Zurich

To the General Meeting of
Amrize Ltd, Zug

Phone:
+41 58 286 31 11
www.ey.com/en_ch

Zurich, February 18, 2026

Report of the statutory auditor
Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Amrize Ltd (the Company),
which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2025, the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows and equity for the year ended
December 31, 2025, and the related notes, including a summary of significant accounting policies.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and the results of its
operations and its cash flows in the year ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles (US GAAP), and comply with Swiss law.
The consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were audited
by Ernst & Young AG, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB standards) and an unmodified opinion was expressed on
those consolidated financial statements on February 27, 2025.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Swiss law, Swiss Standards on Auditing (SA­CH) and the
standards of the PCAOB. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audit and our responsibilities under those provisions and standards are
further described in the ‘‘Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements’’ section of our report. We are a public accounting firm and are independent of the
Company in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law, U.S. federal securities law, together with
the requirements of the Swiss audit profession, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. for our opinion.
Critical audit matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the
consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
Audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments.
The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical
audit matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates.

A­136

Building Envelope Goodwill Impairment Test
Description of the
Matter

As of December 31, 2025, the Building Envelope goodwill balance was $4,026 million. As
described in Notes 2 and 8 to the financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment at
least annually at the reporting unit level. The Company performed a quantitative goodwill
impairment test for the reporting units in the Building Envelope segment and therefore
estimated the fair market value of these reporting units.
Auditing management’s quantitative impairment test for goodwill was complex and
judgmental due to the significant estimation required to determine the fair value of the
reporting units in the Building Envelope segment. In particular, the Company’s fair value
estimates were sensitive to significant assumptions, specifically forecasted revenues,
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) margins, discount
rates and long­term growth rates, which are forward­looking and affected by expectations
about future market and economic conditions.

How We Addressed
the Matter in Our
Audit

To test the estimated fair value of the Building Envelope reporting units, we performed
procedures that included, among others, assessing the reasonableness of forecasted
revenues, EBITDA margins and long­term growth rates used by the Company by comparing
to recent historical financial performance and external economic forecasts, and evaluating
the consistency of those assumptions with other internal reporting such as the Company’s
business plan. We tested the mathematical accuracy of the models used by the Company and
assessed management’s ability to forecast by evaluating the historical accuracy of
management’s prior estimates as compared to actual results. We performed sensitivity
analyses of these significant assumptions to understand the impact of changes on the
estimated fair value of the reporting units. With the assistance of our valuation specialists,
we evaluated the methodologies applied and tested the discount rates used by the Company
by comparing them with those developed independently.

Other matter
As disclosed in the note ‘‘Basis of presentation’’, prior to the Spin­Off the Company operated as a
wholly­owned subsidiary of Holcim AG (‘‘Holcim’’), and not as a standalone company, hence the
consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were prepared on
a carve­out basis and were derived from the consolidated financial statements of Holcim. Those
consolidated financial statements were audited in accordance with the PCAOB standards by Ernst &
Young AG, who expressed an unmodified opinion on February 27, 2025.
Other information
The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements,
the stand­alone financial statements, the sections marked ’’audited’’ in the compensation report and
our auditor’s reports thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date
of this auditor's report.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information
is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact.

A­137

Board of Directors’ responsibilities for the consolidated financial statements
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated
financial statements in accordance with US GAAP and the provisions of Swiss law, and for such
internal control as the Board of Directors determines is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
going concern, and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either
intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an
auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is
not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Swiss law, SA­CH and PCAOB standards
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Swiss law, SA­CH and PCAOB standards, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
•

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher
than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
are appropriate in the circumstances.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
estimates and related disclosures made.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ use of the going concern basis of
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease
to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
business activities within the Company to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.

A­138

We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Board of Directors and the Audite Committee regarding, among other
matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any
significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee with a statement that we have
complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them
all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and
where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters arising from the audit of the consolidated financial statements that were
communicated or required to be communicated to the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee, we
determine those matters that related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex auditor judgment in
the current period and are therefore critical audit matters.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
In accordance with Art. 728a para. 1 item 3 CO and PS­CH 890, we confirm that an internal control
system exists, which has been designed for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
according to the instructions of the Board of Directors.
We recommend that the consolidated financial statements submitted to you be approved.
Ernst & Young AG

Rico Fehr
Licensed audit expert
(Auditor in charge)

Alberto Seymandi
Licensed audit expert

A­139

Amrize Ltd
Statutory Financial Statements
31 December 2025

A­140

Statement of profit or loss
Notes

Guarantee fee income. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Personnel expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other operating expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Financial income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Financial expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2.3
3.8

Year ended
31 December 2025
USD
CHF

Year ended
31 December 2024
USD
CHF

8,633,308
6,820,142
—
—
3,542,972
2,798,877
—
—
(60,294,594) (47,631,523)
—
—
(53,328,860) (42,128,733) (407,634) (367,238)
206,846
163,404
43,911
39,559
(502,778)
(397,185)
(422)
(380)

Loss before tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Direct taxes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(101,743,106) (80,375,018) (364,145) (328,059)
(158,846)
(125,485)
(1,477)
(1,331)

Net loss of the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(101,901,952) (80,500,503) (365,622) (329,389)

A­141

Statement of financial position
Notes

31 December 2025
USD
CHF

31 December 2024
USD
CHF

5,972,980
533,631
993,282
6,206,115
3,972,496

4,718,535
421,558
784,673
4,902,707
3,138,192

673,592
27,579
—
—
—

606,840
24,846
—
—
—

17,678,504
13,965,665
10,138,754,803 8,009,413,519

701,171
—

631,686
—

Non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

10,138,754,803 8,009,413,519

—

—

Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

10,156,433,307 8,023,379,184

701,171

631,686

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other current receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other current receivables ­ Subsidiaries. . . . . . . . . . . .
Prepayments and accrued income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Prepayments and accrued income ­ Subsidiaries . . . . .
Current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments in subsidiaries. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3.2

Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current interest­bearing liabilities ­ Subsidiaries. . . . .
Other current liabilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other current liabilities ­ Subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current accrued expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

5,732,298
44,035,359
1,020,739
20,821
37,093,166

4,528,401
34,787,053
806,363
16,448
29,302,859

—
—
37,243
18,321
—

—
—
33,552
16,505
—

Current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non­current accrued expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

87,902,383
26,388,711

69,441,124
20,846,554

55,564
—

50,058
—

Non-current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

26,388,711

20,846,554

—

—

Total liabilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

114,291,094

90,287,678

55,564

50,058

4,478,203 1,000,000

900,901

Share capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Legal capital reserves
­ from capital contribution
(foreign and unconfirmed) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
­ other capital reserves . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Legal retained earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Treasury shares. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accumulated losses
­ Results carried forward . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
­ Net loss of the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3.5

3.7

5,668,755

2,163,578,445 1,709,183,700
7,975,151,358 6,300,210,070
561
443
—
—
(354,954)
(101,901,952)

—
—
561
—

—
—
505
—

(280,407)
10,668
9,611
(80,500,503) (365,622) (329,389)

Total shareholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

10,042,142,213 7,933,091,506

645,607

581,628

Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity . . . . . . . . .

10,156,433,307 8,023,379,184

701,171

631,686

A­142

Notes to the financial statements
1.

General information

Amrize Ltd (formerly Evertect Ltd) is a Swiss stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) domiciled in Zug, Switzerland.
The company emerged from the spin­off of Holcim’s North America business, as effected by a 100% dividend­in­kind
distribution, whereby each Holcim shareholder received one Amrize share per Holcim share held.
The spin­off was approved at Holcim’s 14 May 2025 Annual General Meeting, with approximately 99.75% of votes in
favor, and was completed on 23 June 2025, when Amrize shares commenced trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange and
the New York Stock Exchange.
These statutory financial statements present the financial position and results of operations of Amrize Ltd on a
standalone basis and do not represent the consolidated financial position of Amrize Ltd and its subsidiaries.

USD

Share capital

Legal capital reserves
from capital
contribution
(foreign and
other capital
unconfirmed)
reserves

Accumulated losses
Legal
retained
earnings

Results
carried
forward

561
—

(354,954)
—

1 January 2025 . . . . . . 1,000,000
—
—
Capital increase . . . . . . 4,668,755
—
—
Contribution in kind ­
Holcim spin­off . . . .
— 2,163,578,445 7,975,151,358
Net loss of the year. . . .
—
—
—
as per
31 December 2025. . 5,668,755 2,163,578,445 7,975,151,358

CHF

Share capital

Legal capital reserves
from capital
contribution
(foreign and
other capital
unconfirmed)
reserves

1 January 2025 . . . . . .
900,901
—
—
Capital increase . . . . . . 3,688,223
—
—
Contribution in kind ­
Holcim spin­off . . . .
— 1,709,183,700 6,300,210,070
Net loss of the year. . . .
—
—
—
Translation effects . . . . (110,921)
—
—
as per
31 December 2025. . 4,478,203 1,709,183,700 6,300,210,070

1.1.

Net loss of
the year

Total

—
—

645,607
4,668,755

—
—

—
— 10,138,729,803
— (101,901,952) (101,901,952)

561

(354,954) (101,901,952) 10,042,142,213
Accumulated losses

Legal
retained
earnings

Results
carried
forward

505
—

(319,778)
—

Net loss of
the year

—
—

Total

581,628
3,688,223

—
—
(62)

—
— 8,009,393,770
— (80,500,503) (80,500,503)
39,371
—
(71,612)

443

(280,407) (80,500,503) 7,933,091,506

Cash flow statement and additional disclosures in the notes

As Amrize Ltd has separately prepared its consolidated financial statements in accordance with a recognized accounting
standard (US GAAP), it has decided to avail of the exemption from the requirements of article 961d SCO to present a
cash flow statement, a management report, and the additional disclosures in the notes.
2.

Significant accounting policies

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of commercial accounting as set out
in the Swiss Code of Obligations (articles 957 – 963b SCO).
2.1.

Functional and presentation currency

The accounting records and the financial statements are maintained and presented in US dollars (USD), which
represents the Company’s functional currency. The share capital is denominated in USD. Balances are translated into
Swiss francs (CHF) at the year­end exchange rate for both balance sheet and income statement items.

A­143

Notes to the financial statements continued
USD/CHF

2025

2024

Year­end rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0.79

0.90

2.2

Current assets and liabilities

Current assets and liabilities are recognized at nominal value. Balances in foreign currencies are translated at the closing
rate on the balance sheet date.
2.3.

Share-based compensation

The Company operates equity­based compensation plans for members of the Board of Directors, executive
management and selected employees of Amrize Ltd and its subsidiaries. These arrangements include restricted stock
units (RSUs), performance stock units (PSUs), stock options and employee share purchase plans, which are generally
settled in shares of Amrize Ltd.
Share­based compensation is recognized as personnel expense over the vesting period, from grant date until the date
when the relevant service or performance conditions are fulfilled. A corresponding liability is recorded for awards that
will be settled in treasury shares or issuance of new shares of Amrize Ltd. The liability is measured at fair value at each
reporting date, considering the terms and conditions of the plans and expected vesting.
2.4.

Treasury shares

Treasury shares are recorded at acquisition cost as a deduction from shareholders’ equity. Gains and losses arising from
subsequent disposals of treasury shares are recorded in capital reserves.
When share­based compensation awards are settled using treasury shares, the share­based compensation liability is
derecognized and the treasury shares are credited at acquisition cost. Any difference between the carrying amount of the
liability and the acquisition cost of the treasury shares used to settle the awards is recognized in capital reserves.
2.5.

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are initially recognized at cost. They are reviewed annually and, if necessary, impaired to the
lower of cost and recoverable amount.
3.
3.1.

Information, breakdowns and explanation to the financial statements
Full-time equivalents

The number of full­time equivalents on average did not exceed 10 during the year.
3.2.

Shareholdings

The Company holds the following direct and significant indirect shareholdings:
Entity Name

Amrize Canada Inc.
Geocycle Canada Inc.
Innocon Partnership
North America Shared Services S.A.S.
Jamaica Aggregates Ltd.
Amrize Finance Switzerland LLC
Amrize Holdings Switzerland LLC
Amrize Holdings II Switzerland LLC
Amrize Technology Switzerland LLC
Amrize Ventures Switzerland LLC
Amrize Northeast Inc.

Entity Type

Corporation
Corporation
Partnership
S.A.S.
Private Company Limited by
Shares
LLC
LLC
LLC
LLC
LLC
Corporation

A­144

Country

Registered Office

Capital and
voting rights

Canada
Canada
Canada
Colombia
Jamaica

Mississauga
Mississauga
Richmond Hill
Medellin
Kingston

100%
100%
55%
100%
95%

Switzerland
Switzerland
Switzerland
Switzerland
Switzerland
United States

Zug
Zug
Zug
Zug
Zug
Boston

100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%

Notes to the financial statements continued
Entity Name

Amrize Southwest Inc.
Amrize Mid­America Inc.
Amrize South Central Inc.
Amrize West Central Inc.
Amrize Building Envelope LLC
Amrize Mid­Atlantic Inc.
Geocycle LLC
Herbert Malarkey Roofing Company
Amrize Midwest Inc.
Amrize Trading Inc.
Amrize ACM Inc.
Amrize Cement Inc.
Amrize Finance US LLC
Amrize Great Lakes Inc.
Amrize North America Inc.
3.3

Country

Registered Office

Capital and
voting rights

United States
United States
United States
United States
United States
United States
United States
United States
United States
United States
United States
United States
United States
United States
United States

Carson City
Chicago
Dallas
Golden
Indianapolis
Lutherville
Plymouth
Portland
St Paul
Tallahassee
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington

100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%

Entity Type

Corporation
Corporation
Corporation
Corporation
LLC
Corporation
LLC
Corporation
Corporation
Corporation
Corporation
Corporation
LLC
Corporation
Corporation

Pension liabilities

As of 31 December 2025, liabilities to pension institutions amounted to USD 59,012 (CHF 46,619), and are presented
under ‘‘Other current liabilities’’. Contributions are recognized on an accrual basis. As of 31 December 2024, no
pension liabilities existed.
3.4.

Contingent liabilities

As of 31 December 2025, Amrize Ltd has provided payment guarantees covering principal, interest and certain additional
charges in relation to multiple debt instruments issued by its subsidiary Amrize Finance US LLC. The guarantees are
economically compensated through guarantee fees. The underlying instruments and their respective nominal amounts are
USD 5,254,174,000 (CHF 4,150,797,460). Amrize Ltd’s maximum exposure is essentially limited to these nominal amounts
plus accrued interest and any related contractual charges. Furthermore, Amrize Finance US LLC is obligated to fully
indemnifyAmrize Ltd for any payments made and any related expenses arising from the guarantees. Based on management’s
assessment, there is currently no evidence indicating that a cash outflow is probable. Accordingly, no provision has been
recorded. As of 31 December 2024, no guarantees in favor of third parties existed.
Additionally, Amrize Ltd guarantees a Commercial Paper Program for Amrize Finance US LLC to issue short­term
promissory notes with a maximum aggregate limit of USD 2,000,000,000 (CHF 1,580,000,000). As of
31 December 2025, no notes were outstanding under this program.
Amrize Ltd is part of a value added tax group and therefore jointly liable to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration for
the value added tax liabilities of the other members.
3.5.

Share capital

As of 31 December 2025, share capital of Amrize Ltd amounts to USD 5,668,755, divided into 566,875,513 registered
shares with a nominal value of USD 0.01, all registered with equal voting and dividend rights.
Share capital is fully paid­in and recorded in US dollars, which represents both the functional and presentation currency
of the Company. During the financial year 2025, Evertect AG was renamed Amrize Ltd and became the legal parent
company of the Amrize Group following its spin­off from Holcim Ltd.
The Company has no authorized or conditional capital as of 31 December 2025.

1 January 2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
31 December 2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

A­145

Numbers of shares

Share capital (USD)

Share capital (CHF)

1,000
566,875,513

1,000,000
5,668,755

900,901
4,478,203

Notes to the financial statements continued
3.6.

Shares held by governing bodies and employees

The following table sets forth a summary of shares (incl. PSUs/RSUs) allocated to members of Amrize Ltd’s Board of
Directors and employees (valued at the Proxy remeasurement value as of year­end date for each share) for the year
ended 31 December 2025:

Board members . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Employees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Number granted

Value USD

Value CHF

225,630
15,802
241,432

13,845,770
985,088
14,830,858

10,937,881
778,200
11,716,081

In 2024, no shares or options on shares were allocated to members of the board or to employees.
3.7.

Treasury shares

In 2024, no treasury shares existed. During fiscal year 2025, additions of Amrize Ltd’s treasury shares from the spin­off
and allocations to employees were as follows:
Number of
transactions Average price USD Number of shares Total cost USD Total cost CHF

1 January 2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Treasury shares from spin­off . . . . . . . . . .
Allocation to employees . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
31 December 2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—
1
1
2

—
51.35
49.57

—
13,793,444
(456)
13,792,988

—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—

On the Separation and Distribution Date, Holcim Ltd distributed 553,082,069 Amrize Ltd shares to Holcim Ltd
shareholders in connection with the spin­off. The 13,793,444 Amrize Ltd shares, which were not distributed to Holcim
Ltd shareholders in connection with the spin­off, were contributed from Holcim Ltd to the Company and subsequently
held by the Company as treasury shares. The treasury shares were contributed for no consideration and are recorded on
the balance sheet with no cost basis.
3.8.

Other operating expenses

In 2025, other operating expenses primarily included group fees for administrative services of USD 28,140,000
(CHF 22,230,600), audit fees of USD 10,673,000 (CHF 8,431,670) and company insurance expenses of USD 9,170,000
(CHF 7,244,398).
In 2024, other operating expenses primarily included marketing expenses of USD 290,600 (CHF 261,540).
3.9.

Events after the balance sheet date

Between the balance sheet date and the approval of these financial statements by the Board of Directors on
17 February 2026, no events occurred that require adjustment of the carrying amounts or disclosure in the notes.

A­146

Offsetting of accumulated losses for fiscal year 2025
The Board of Directors proposes the following offsetting of accumulated losses:
31 December 2025
USD

31 December 2025
CHF

Accumulated losses:
­ Results carried forward . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
­ Net loss of the year. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(354,954)
(101,901,952)

(280,407)
(80,500,503)

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Offset with legal retained earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Offset with legal capital reserves (other capital reserves) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(102,256,906)
561
102,256,345

(80,780,910)
443
80,780,467

Balance to be carried forward . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—

—

Approval of a special distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution in the amount of USD 0.44 per
outstanding share
The Board of Directors proposes the following appropriation of reserves:
31 December 2025
USD

Legal reserves from capital contribution (foreign and unconfirmed) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Special distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution1. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Regular distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution (see next proposal) . . . . . .

2,163,578,445
(249,425,226)
up to (250,657,000)

Balance to be carried forward . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1,663,496,219

1

The actual amount of the distribution will be determined based on the number of outstanding shares as of the last trading day with entitlement
to receive the dividend.

The Board proposes the approval of a special one­time dividend in the form of a special distribution out of the legal
reserves from capital contributions (foreign and unconfirmed) in the amount of USD 0.44 per outstanding share.
No distribution shall be made on shares held by Amrize or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries.
Approval of the regular distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution in the amount of up to USD 0.44
per outstanding share in up to four (4) installments
The Board of Directors proposes the following appropriation of reserves:
31 December 2025
USD

Legal reserves from capital contribution (foreign and unconfirmed) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Special distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution2 (see previous proposal) . .
Regular distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2,163,578,445
(249,425,226)
up to (250,657,000)

Balance to be carried forward . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1,663,496,219

2

The actual amount of the distribution will be determined based on the number of outstanding shares as of the last trading day with entitlement
to receive the dividend.

The Board proposes the approval of the annual ordinary dividend in the form of a regular distribution out of the legal
reserves from capital contributions (foreign and unconfirmed) in the amount of up to USD 0.44 per outstanding share.
The regular distribution of the legal reserves from capital contributions (foreign and unconfirmed) will be made in up
to four (4) distribution installments until the date of the next Annual General Meeting, in the amount and at payment
dates to be determined by the Board in its discretion, and the sum of such distribution installments shall not exceed USD
0.44 per outstanding share. The record date and payment date for each such distribution installment shall be announced
in a press release at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the respective record date. Payments of distribution installments
will be made with respect to Amrize’s outstanding share capital on the respective record date for the applicable payment

A­147

of the distribution installment, which will exclude any shares of Amrize held by Amrize or any of its direct or indirect
subsidiaries. The reduction to our reserve from capital contributions in our Statutory Financial Statements will be
determined based on the aggregate amount of the distribution paid through all distribution installments.
If the proposal is approved, the aggregate USD amount of the regular distribution of legal reserves from capital
contributions will be capped at an amount such that the aggregate reduction to our legal reserve from capital
contributions will not exceed USD 250,657,000. This includes a 3% margin (compared to the aggregate dividend
amount calculated by reference to the 553,082,525 shares outstanding as of 31 December 2025 and assuming a regular
distribution of legal reserves from capital contribution in the amount of USD 0.44 per outstanding share) to
accommodate new share issuances that may occur between the 2026 Annual General Meeting and the record date for the
payment of the fourth (4th) dividend installment.
The number of shares eligible for payments of distribution installments may change due to the repurchase of shares, the
sale of treasury shares, or the issuance of new shares, including based on Amrize’s capital band and conditional share
capital. Shares issued out of treasury or our capital band will be entitled to payments of distribution installments if
issued and outstanding as of the relevant record date for the payment of a distribution installment.
If the aggregate distribution is lower than the cap of USD 250,657,000, any unused amount will be allocated back toAmrize’s
legal reserves from capital contributions. To the extent that the payment of a distribution installment would cause the cap of
USD 250,657,000 to be exceeded, the USD amount of the current or future distribution will be reduced so that the aggregate
amount of all payments of distribution installments does not exceed the cap of USD 250,657,000. If the cap of USD
250,657,000 were reached, no further distribution of legal reserves from capital contributions can be made.

A­148

Ernst & Young AG
Maagplatz 1
P.O. Box
CH-8010 Zurich

To the General Meeting of
Amrize Ltd, Zug

Phone:
+41 58 286 31 11
www.ey.com/en_ch

Zurich, 18 February 2026

Report of the statutory auditor
Report on the audit of the financial statements
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Amrize Ltd (the Company), which comprise the
statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025 and the statement of profit or loss for the year
then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies.
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements comply with Swiss law and the Company’s
articles of incorporation.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Swiss law and Swiss Standards on Auditing (SA­CH).
Our responsibilities under those provisions and standards are further described in the ‘‘Auditor's
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements’’ section of our report.
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law and the
requirements of the Swiss audit profession that are relevant to audits of the financial statements of
public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
these requirements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the financial statements of the current period. We have determined that there are no key
audit matters to communicate in our report.
Other information
The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements,
the stand­alone financial statements, the sections marked ‘‘audited’’ in the compensation report and
our auditor’s reports thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date
of this auditor's report.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

A­149

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact.
Board of Directors’ responsibilities for the financial statements
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements in accordance
with the provisions of Swiss law and the Company's articles of incorporation, and for such internal
control asthe Board of Directors determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern, and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends
to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with Swiss law and SA­CH will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on
EXPERTsuisse’s website at: https://www.expertsuisse.ch/en/audit­report. This description forms an
integral part of our report.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
In accordance with Art. 728a para. 1 item 3 CO and PS­CH 890, we confirm that an internal control
system exists, which has been designed for the preparation of the financial statements according to
the instructions of the Board of Directors.
Based on our audit in accordance with Art. 728a para. 1 item 2 CO, we confirm that the proposals of
the Board of Directors comply with Swiss law and the Company’s articles of incorporation. We
recommend that the financial statements submitted to you be approved.

Ernst & Young AG

Rico Fehr
(Qualified Signature)
Licensed audit expert
(Auditor in charge)

Beatrice Bieri
(Qualified Signature)
Licensed audit expert

Enclosures
• Financial statements (statement of profit or loss, statement of financial position, notes)
• Proposals of the Board of Directors

A­150

Report on Corporate Governance 2025
This report describes the corporate governance of Amrize Ltd (the Company) in accordance with the requirements
of the Swiss Code of Obligations (the Swiss Code) and the Directive on Information relating to Corporate
Governance (DCG) of SIX Swiss Exchange (SIX). Unless otherwise indicated, all information is provided as of
December 31, 2025 (the Reference Date).
1.

Group Structure and Shareholders

1.1 Group Structure
Amrize Ltd, the parent company of the Amrize group, is a corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated under the
laws of Switzerland with registered office at Grafenauweg 8, 6300 Zug, Switzerland. The Company’s operational
headquarters are located in Chicago, Illinois, United States, which serves as the operational center for its North
American building materials and solutions business. The Company, directly or indirectly, owns 100% of all the
companies in the Amrize Group, through which it carries on its business and operations as set forth on page 5 of
the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Amrize Ltd and its subsidiaries (together Amrize) develop, manufacture, and sell advanced building solutions
from foundation to rooftop across North America, including cement, aggregates, ready­mix concrete, asphalt,
roofing systems, insulation products, sealants, and weatherproofing solutions. The Company operates through
two primary business segments: Building Materials, which includes cement, aggregates, ready­mix concrete, and
asphalt operations, and Building Envelope, which encompasses roofing systems, insulation, and other weather
protection solutions.
The Company conducts its business through a network of subsidiaries and operational entities across
North America, serving all U.S. states and Canadian provinces.
1.2 Significant Shareholders
As of the most recent disclosures available, based on notifications received by the Company and published by
SIX Swiss Exchange, the following shareholders hold more than 3% of the Company’s share capital and/or voting
rights as of the Reference Date:
•

Schweizerische Cement­Industrie­Aktiengesellschaft Cimcap AG: 6.671% (37,818,703 shares)

•

UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG – 5.624% (31,880,979 shares)

•

Patinex AG: 3.528% (20,000,000 shares)

•

BlackRock, Inc.: 3.441% (11,107,408 shares, 4,386 shares due to securities lending)

For updated and detailed information on significant shareholders and changes in shareholdings, shareholders are
directed to the disclosure notices published on the website of SIX Swiss Exchange at
https://www.ser­ag.com/en/resources/notifications­market­participants/significant­
shareholders.html?issuedBy=AMRZ&dateFrom=20250203#/ and the Company’s investor relations website at
https://investors.amrize.com.
1.3 Cross-shareholdings
As of the Reference Date, the Company has no cross­shareholdings exceeding 5% of capital or voting rights with
any other company. Holcim Ltd, the former parent company from which Amrize was spun off, completed the
distribution of all Amrize shares to Holcim shareholders on a pro­rata basis (one Amrize share for every Holcim
share held) on June 23, 2025, resulting in no remaining ownership interest by Holcim in Amrize.
2.

Capital Structure

2.1 Capital
As of the Reference Date, the share capital of Amrize Ltd amounts to USD 5,668,755.13, divided into 566,875,513
fully paid registered shares with a nominal value of USD 0.01 each.

A­151

2.2 Capital Band and Conditional Capital
In addition to the issued share capital, the Articles of Association of the Company, which are available on the
Company’s investor relations website at https://investors.amrize.com/governance/governance­documents (the
Articles), as adopted effective June 23, 2025, provide for a conditional capital and a capital band to support the
Company’s strategic objectives and employee compensation programs. The board of directors of the Company
(the Board) is authorized to increase the share capital within specified limits through the issuance of new shares,
subject to the restrictions and procedures set forth in articles 3bis and 3ter of the Articles.
•

Conditional share capital: Pursuant to article 3bis of the Articles, the share capital of the Company may be
increased by up to USD 1,700,626.53 through the issuance of up to 170,062,653 fully­paid­up registered
shares with a nominal value of USD 0.01 each. The purpose of this conditional share capital is to cover
exercise of rights or entitlements to acquire shares granted a) to employees, members of the Board of the
Company or of consolidated subsidiaries or other entities in which the Company has a direct or indirect stake
of at least 50%, b) in connection with bonds, similar instruments or other financing instruments of the
Company or of consolidated subsidiaries, c) to shareholders and d) any persons. The conditional share capital
increase does not have an expiration date. The existing shareholders do not have the right to subscribe for the
newly issued shares, unless such rights or entitlements have been granted prior. Additionally, the Board may
limit or withdraw the shareholders’ advance subscription rights to the newly issued shares i) when issuing
equity­linked financing instruments and warrants in connection with a) the financing of an acquisition of
companies, parts of companies participations or new investment projects or b) the issue of bonds or similar
debt instruments and ii) until the conclusion of the annual general meeting 2028 in case of a public tender
offer without another resolution of the general meeting being required. Should the Board decide to exclude
such advance subscription rights it must adhere to the conditions set forth in article 3bis para 6 of the Articles.

•

Capital band: Pursuant to article 3ter of the Articles, the Board is authorized to increase or reduce, once or
several times, the share capital of the Company within the upper limit of USD 6,802,506.15, corresponding
to 680,250,615 registered shares with a nominal value of USD 0.01 each to be fully paid up, and the lower
limit of USD 5,101,879.62, corresponding to 510,187,962 registered shares with a par value of USD
0.01 each to be fully paid up. This authorization expires on May 15, 2030. The Board sets the amount of share
capital to be issued, the date of issue, the type of contributions, the conditions governing the exercise of
subscription rights and the commencement of dividend entitlement. The Board may restrict or prohibit
trading in the subscription rights to the new shares. In the event that subscription rights not being exercised
the Board is authorized to allow such rights to expire worthless, or place them or the shares to which they
entitle their holders either at market prices or in some other manner. Furthermore, the Board may limit or
withdraw the shareholders’ right to subscribe to the newly issued shares by preference for important reasons
set forth in article 3ter para. 3 lit. b of the Articles and allocate subscription rights to individual shareholders,
third parties, the Company or one of the Companies controlled by it. In case of a capital reduction, the Board
shall, to the extent necessary, determine the number of cancelled shares and the use of the reduction amount.

Further details regarding the conditional capital and the capital band, including exercise periods, thresholds,
pricing mechanisms and beneficiaries, are set out in the Articles.
2.3 Changes in Capital
Since the first day of trading of the Amrize shares on SIX on June 23, 2025, and Amrize, thus becoming subject to
the DCG, no changes in capital have occurred. At incorporation of Amrize in April 2023, the capital of Amrize
amounted to USD 1,000,000. In connection with the spin­off from Holcim, Amrize’s share capital was increased
to its current capital of USD 5,668,755.13 on May 16, 2025.

A­152

2.4 Shares and Participation Certificates
Amrize only has one category of shares – registered shares with a nominal value of USD 0.01 each. Each of the
566,875,513 issued registered shares confers one vote at the general meeting of shareholders and equal rights to
participate in dividends and any distribution of assets in the event of liquidation. The Company has not issued
non­voting shares (Partizipationsscheine), dividend rights certificates, or other classes of shares with differential
voting or economic rights.
Each registered share entitles its owner to dividends declared, even if the owner is not registered in the share
register of the Company. Under Swiss law, the Company pays dividends upon approval by its shareholders. This
request for shareholder approval typically follows the recommendation of the Board.
Unless this right is restricted in compliance with Swiss law and the Articles, shareholders have the right to
subscribe by preference for newly issued shares.
2.5 Limitations on Transferability and Nominee Registrations
No transferability restrictions are imposed on shares. However, the Articles contain provisions addressing
restrictions on the registration of shareholders with voting rights in the Company’s share register (for registration
restrictions see Section 6.1 on ‘‘Voting Rights and Representation’’ below).
The Company maintains a share register recording the owners of registered shares and the extent of their
shareholdings. Pursuant to the Articles, the Board may register so­called ‘‘nominees’’ – persons holding shares on
behalf of beneficial owners –in the share register with voting rights provided that (a) the nominee has entered into
an agreement with the Company concerning its status, and further provided that the nominee is subject to a
recognized bank or financial market supervision, or (b) such person is a central securities depositary of the
Company’s shares or such depositary’s nominee.
Only persons registered as shareholders, usufructuaries or nominees with or without voting rights of registered
shares in the share register shall be recognized as such by the Company and all shares must be registered in the
share register to carry voting and dividend rights.
2.6 Convertible Bonds and Options
As of the Reference Date, Amrize had no convertible bonds outstanding.
The following table provides information regarding outstanding options and other equity awards relating to Amrize’s
registered shares outstanding as of December 31, 2025. For further details, please refer to Note 21 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements and the heading ‘‘Compensation Discussion & Analysis’’ in the Compensation Report.
Performance Stock Units (PSUs)

971,039 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Performance Stock
Options (PSOs)

Restricted Stock Units
(RSUs)

2,711,801

121,687

Each PSU entitles its holder to receive up to two registered shares of the Company upon vesting. The number of
registered shares to be received upon vesting of PSUs will be determined based on the relative achievement of
performance metrics over a three­year performance period. The performance metrics for the PSUs consist of an
EPS performance metric and a Relative Total Shareholder Return market condition, each with a 50% weight. The
PSUs cliff vest over a three­year period as further specified below.
Grant Date

Performance Period End Date

March 1, 2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
March 1, 2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
August 11, 2025. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

December 31, 2025
December 31, 2026
December 31, 2027

Vest Date

March 1, 2026
March 1, 2027
March 1, 2028

Each PSO entitles its holder to acquire up to one registered share of the Company upon vesting. The PSOs cliff vest
over a five­year period as further detailed below. The number of registered shares that can be acquired upon vesting

A­153

of PSOs will be determined based on relative TSR measured over a five­year performance period against a custom
set of international building materials companies. As of December 31, 2025, there were PSOs with three different
performance periods outstanding. These were PSOs granted in 2022, 2023 and 2024. In 2025, PSOs were only
converted, no new PSOs were granted. Further details of the PSOs are set forth below.
Grant Dates

Expiration Date

Performance period
end date

Vest Date

Exercise Price
(in USD)

March 1, 2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
March 1, 2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
March 1, 2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
March 1, 2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

March 1, 2031
March 1, 2032
March 1, 2033
March 1, 2034

December 31, 2025
December 31, 2026
December 31, 2027
December 31, 2028

March 1, 2026
March 1, 2027
March 1, 2028
March 1, 2029

30.67
27.71
34.58
42.76

Each RSU entitles the recipient to receive one share of common stock upon vesting. These RSUs cliff vest on
specified dates, generally over one year or three years as further specified below.
The RSU activity during 2025 was as follows:
(In millions, except per share data, units in actual)

Nonvested as of December 31, 2024. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Awards converted upon Spin­Off . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vested Forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Nonvested as of December 31, 2025. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Number of Units

Weighted Average Grant
Date Fair Value

—
3,055
118,632
—
121,687

$ —
39.60
48.79
—
$48.56

Further details on the outstanding options and share based payments are set forth in the Swiss Statutory
Remuneration Report contained in the Compensation Report in the Company’s proxy statement for the
2026 annual general meeting of shareholders, available at https://investors.amrize.com (the Proxy Statement).
3.

Board of Directors
The Board is elected by the shareholders and holds the ultimate decision­making authority of the Company, except
for those matters reserved by law or by the Articles to its shareholders or for those that are delegated to the
Executive Management under the Organizational Regulations. Except for certain resolutions for which no
attendance quorum is required, the Board makes resolutions if at least half of the members of the Board (each a
Director) are present by any means of communication. Resolutions are passed through a majority of the votes cast.
In the event of a tie, the Chairman does not have a casting vote.

3.1 Members of the Board of Directors
The Articles of Incorporation set the minimum number of Directors at three. The Company had ten Directors as of
the Reference Date. All Board members, other than Mr. Jenisch, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, are considered independent according to the Company’s Corporate Governance Principles, applicable
listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange and SIX Swiss Exchange.
The Board collectively represents extensive experience in the building materials industry, construction markets,
finance, legal affairs, human resources, and strategy. Individual Board member biographies including the
Director’s nationality, education and professional background and roles, other activities and vested interests are
described under the heading ‘‘Corporate Governance and Board of Directors Matters’’ in the Proxy Statement.
3.2 Number of Permitted Activities
Board members of Amrize may hold other positions on the boards of directors or executive bodies of other legal
entities, subject to the applicable legal and statutory limitations. At the time of their election to the Amrize Board,
Directors completed disclosures of their external board memberships, professional affiliations, and material
commitments to ensure that sufficient time and attention can be devoted to their duties as Amrize Directors.

A­154

Pursuant to article 28 of the Articles, subject to certain exceptions, no member of the Board may hold more than
ten (10) additional mandates of which no more than four (4) mandates in listed companies. For more detailed
information on these limitations, see article 28 of the Articles, for which the full text can be consulted at:
https://investors.amrize.com/governance/governance­documents.
All members of the Board comply with the provisions set out in article 28 of the Articles. Mandates held in other
undertakings with commercial objectives are disclosed in the Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report contained in
the Compensation Report in this Proxy Statement.
The Company maintains and enforces a conflict­of­interest policy applicable to all Directors, officers, and
employees. Board members are required to disclose any transactions, relationships, or circumstances that could
give rise to an actual or potential conflict of interest and to recuse themselves from discussions and decisions
involving matters in which they have a material interest. These disclosures and recusals are documented in Board
minutes and are subject to regular review by the Nomination and Governance Committee. For more detailed
information on the Company’s conflict­of­interest policy, see the Company’s Corporate Governance
Documentation available on the Company’s website at: https://investors.amrize.com/governance/governance­
documents.
3.3 Elections and Terms of Office
Pursuant to article 8 of the Articles, the general meeting has the inalienable powers to elect the members of the
Board, the Chairman of the Board and the members of the Compensation Committee. Board members of Amrize
Ltd hold office for a term of one year, as provided in article 14 of the Articles. Board members may be re­elected
for successive one­year terms without limitation.
The Articles do not provide for staggered terms or age limits for Board members. The Board may appoint one of
its members as Lead Independent Director or Vice­Chairman and may also appoint a Secretary who does not need
to be a member of the Board. Directors are elected by a majority of votes represented at the general meeting, see
article 10 of the Articles. The Board, through its Nomination and Governance Committee, evaluates the
performance and qualifications of sitting Board members and develops recommendations regarding Director
candidates for consideration by the general meeting.
3.4 Internal Organizational Structure
The Board has adopted comprehensive Organizational Regulations and Corporate Governance Principles that
govern the Board’s internal organization (the full text of these documents is available on the Company’s website
at: https://investors.amrize.com/governance/governance­documents), the allocation of responsibilities between
the Board and Executive Management, the structure and function of Board committees, and the delegation of
authority to the Executive Management. These foundational documents establish the Board’s procedural
framework and define the nature and scope of the Board’s oversight and strategic direction functions. The internal
organizational structure of the Board is further described under the heading ‘‘Corporate Governance and Board of
Directors Matters’’ in the Proxy Statement.
3.5 Information and Control Instruments vis-à-vis the Group Management
The Board is regularly informed about the Company’s operational and financial performance, key risks,
compliance matters, and other significant developments through multiple information channels and control
mechanisms.
•

Periodic financial and operational reports: The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer provide
regular reports to the Board regarding financial performance, cash flow, liquidity, capital expenditures, and
other operational metrics.

•

Reports from Board committees: The chairs of the Audit, Compensation, and Nomination and Governance
Committees report on Committee activities, findings, and recommendations at each full Board meeting.

A­155

4.

•

Internal control and risk management systems: The Company maintains a comprehensive internal control
framework designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the effectiveness and efficiency of
operations, the reliability of financial reporting, and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The
Board oversees the Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) and related monitoring, including
sustainability risk. In addition, the Audit Committee supports the Board in its oversight of risk management.

•

Reports from internal and external auditors: The internal audit department presents an annual audit plan to the
Audit Committee, discusses key audit findings, provides recommendations for strengthening internal
controls and provides independent assessments of the adequacy of internal controls and the effectiveness of
risk management processes. Additional information and control instruments include the external auditors,
Ernst & Young AG, auditors of Amrize Ltd and of the Consolidated Financial Statements of Amrize, who
conduct their audit in compliance with Swiss law and in accordance with Swiss Auditing Standards and
International Standards on Auditing.

•

Management presentations: Members of the Executive Management regularly present to the Board on
strategic initiatives, market developments, competitive dynamics, and other matters relevant to the
Company’s operations and performance.

Executive Management

4.1 Members of the Executive Management
The Executive Management, led by the Chief Executive Officer, is responsible for the operational management of
the Company, the implementation of strategies and policies established by the Board, and the execution of the
Company’s business objectives. The Executive Management consists of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief
Financial Officer, the Chief Legal Officer, and such other senior executives as the Board may appoint from time to
time.
The members of the Executive Management and their respective roles as of the Reference Date were as follows:
•

Jan Jenisch, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, German citizen. Jan Jenisch serves as our Chairman
of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer. Previously, Jan Jenisch served as Chairman of the
Holcim Board of Directors from 2023 to 2025, where he was tasked with leading the planned U.S. listing of
Holcim’s North American business. Jan Jenisch also served as Chief Executive Officer of Holcim from 2017
to April 2024, where he transformed Holcim into a leader in advanced building solutions and helped Holcim
reach new levels of financial performance. Before joining Holcim, Jan Jenisch served as Chief Executive
Officer of Sika AG from 2012 to 2017. Under his leadership, Sika AG set new performance standards for sales
and profitability, becoming a member of the Swiss Market Index (‘‘SMI’’), which is made up of the 20 largest
and most liquid stocks listed on SIX.

•

Jan Jenisch studied at Stetson University in Florida, United States and in Switzerland, obtaining his MBA
from the University of Fribourg in 1993. In 2021, he received a Dr. h.c. for his accomplishments as Chief
Executive Officer of two SMI companies.

•

Jan Jenisch’s qualifications include his two­time experience as a public company chief executive officer for
global companies with significant operations and customer bases in North America, his deep experience
leading organic and inorganic growth at the enterprise level and his understanding of the Amrize Business,
including the Company’s customers, markets and external stakeholders.

•

Ian Johnston: Chief Financial Officer, Canadian citizen. Ian Johnston previously held the role of Chief
Financial Officer for Holcim’s North American business from 2018 to 2025. Ian Johnston had 26 years of
experience with Holcim, including as Chief Financial Officer, U.S. from 2016 to 2018, Chief Financial
Officer, Canada from 2015 to 2016 and Chief Financial Officer, Western Canada from 2012 to 2015. Ian
Johnston holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree in Accounting with honors from the University of Ottawa in
Ottawa, Canada. Ian Johnston became a Chartered Professional Accountant in 1999.

A­156

•

Jaime Hill: President, Building Materials, Salvadoran citizen. Jaime Hill, who currently serves as Regional
Head of Holcim North America, previously served as Holcim’s Region Head North America, a position he
held from 2024 to 2025. Prior to serving as Region Head North America, Jaime Hill served in various other
roles at Holcim, including Chief Executive Officer of Holcim Mexico from 2019 to 2024, Chief Executive
Officer of Holcim Colombia from 2015 to 2019 and Commercial Director of Holcim Colombia from 2008 to
2014. Jaime Hill holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Georgetown University
in Washington, D.C.

•

Jake Gosa: President, Building Envelope, US citizen. Jake Gosa previously served as Executive Vice
President and Chief Commercial Officer for Beacon Building Products, where he held several executive roles
of increasing responsibility from 2007 to 2025. Prior to that, Jake Gosa served in a variety of roles for
Elk Corporation and GAF Roofing. Jake Gosa holds a Bachelor of Business degree from Shepherd University
in Shepherdstown, West Virginia.

•

Nollaig Forrest: Chief Marketing and Corporate Affairs Officer, Swiss citizen. Nollaig Forrest
previously served as Holcim’s Chief Sustainability Officer, a position she held from 2023 to 2025, overseeing
sustainability, corporate affairs and health and safety. Prior to her role as Chief Sustainability Officer, Nollaig
Forrest served as Holcim’s Global Head of Corporate Affairs from 2020 to 2024, overseeing corporate
communications, branding and government and public affairs. Prior to joining Holcim, Nollaig Forrest was
Vice President, Corporate Communications for Firmenich SA from 2014 to 2020. Nollaig Forrest holds a
Master of Arts degree in International Relations from the Graduate Institute of International Studies in
Geneva, Switzerland.

•

Roald Brouwer: Chief Technology Officer, Dutch citizen. Roald Brouwer previously served as Holcim’s
Senior Vice President, Group Head of Decarbonization, a position he held from 2022 to 2025. Prior to joining
Holcim, Roald Brouwer held several positions at Shell plc, including as Director Energy Transition
Technologies, Global Technology Deployment Consultant, Team Lead Carmon Creek Field Development
Project and Reservoir Engineering Advisory Heavy Oil from 2014 to 2022. Roald Brouwer holds a Master of
Science degree in Geochemistry from Utrecht University in Utrecht, Netherlands and a PhD in Petroleum
Engineering from Delft University of Technology in Delft, Netherlands.

•

Samuel J. Poletti: Chief Strategy and M&A Officer, Swiss citizen. Samuel J. Poletti previously served as
Holcim’s Global Head of M&A, a position he held from 2018 to 2025. Samuel J. Poletti served in various
other roles at Holcim, including as Vice President, Senior M&A Manager from 2014 to 2018 and Assistant
Vice President, Head of Strategy and Business Development South Asia from March 2014 to July 2014.
Samuel J. Poletti holds a dual Master of Arts degree in Law & Economics from the University of St. Gallen
in St. Gallen, Switzerland and a dual Bachelor of Arts degree in Law & Economics from the University of
St. Gallen.

•

Mario Gross: Chief Supply Chain Officer, German citizen. Mario Gross previously served as Chief
Operating Officer of Holcim Building Envelope, a position he held from 2024 to 2025. Prior to serving as
Chief Operating Officer, Mario Gross served as Chief Procurement Officer of Holcim from 2020 to 2024,
Senior Project Leader, Lafarge Holcim Group from 2019 to 2020 and Chief Executive Officer, Lafarge
Malaysia from 2018 to 2019. Prior to joining Holcim, Mario Gross was Head of Global Procurement,
Engineering, Quality, and Sustainability at Sika AG from 2013 to 2017. Mario Gross holds an MBA from the
University of Strathclyde in Glasgow, United Kingdom, and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economy & Law
from Saarland University in Saarbrucken, Germany.

•

Stephen Clark: Chief People Officer, US citizen. Stephen Clark previously held the role as Chief People
Officer for Holcim’s North American business from August 2024 to 2025. Prior to joining Holcim,
Stephen Clark served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Gainwell
Technologies LLC from 2022 to July 2024. Prior to that, Stephen Clark held several positions at Lear
Corporation, including Chief Administrative Officer, Asia­Pacific and Global Vice President of Leadership &
Organizational Development, Total Rewards and Human Resources Shared Services from 2018 to 2022.
From 2015 to 2017, Stephen Clark served as Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Corporate

A­157

Services Officer for Vista Outdoor, Inc. Stephen Clark holds a Master of Organizational Behavior from the
Brigham Young University Marriott School of Business in Provo, Utah, and a Bachelor of Arts degree in
French and Psychology from Brigham Young University.
•

Denise R. Singleton: Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, US citizen. Denise R. Singleton
previously held the role as Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary for Holcim’s North American
business from 2024 to 2025. Denise R. Singleton has served as a member of the board of directors of Phillips
66 Company since 2021. Prior to joining Holcim, Denise R. Singleton served as Executive Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary of WestRock Company from 2022 to 2024. From 2015 to 2022,
Denise R. Singleton served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of IDEX
Corporation. From 2011 to 2015, she served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary
and Chief Compliance Officer of SunCoke Energy, Inc. Denise R. Singleton holds a Juris Doctor degree from
Georgetown University Law Center in Washington, D.C. and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Journalism from
Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

The Executive Management collectively represents broad experience across the building materials and
construction solutions sectors, with particular depth in North American market operations, strategic acquisitions,
and operational improvement initiatives.
4.2 Other Activities and Vested Interests
Members of the Executive Management may hold other positions on the boards of directors or executive bodies of
other legal entities in accordance with the Company’s Governance Principles and applicable legal and statutory
limitations. Each member of the Executive Management is expected to devote substantially all of his or her
professional time and attention to the duties and responsibilities of his or her position with the Company.
Pursuant to article 28 of the Articles, subject to certain exceptions, no member of the Executive Management may
hold more than five additional mandates of which no more than one mandate in listed companies. For more
detailed information on these limitations, see article 28 of the Articles. All members of the Executive Management
comply with the provisions set out in article 28 of the Articles. Mandates held in other undertakings with
commercial objectives are disclosed in the Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report contained in the Compensation
Report in this Proxy Statement.
Members of the Executive Management are required to disclose any external board memberships, advisory
positions, or significant consulting arrangements that could create a conflict of interest or detract from their ability
to perform their duties to the Company. All such relationships and positions are subject to review and approval by
the Compensation Committee to ensure that they do not impair the executive’s ability to perform his or her duties
to Amrize or create material conflicts of interest.
4.3 Management Contracts
The Company has not entered into management contracts with third parties to delegate material management
tasks. The Company’s operational management is conducted by the Executive Management appointed by the
Board and acting within the scope of authority delegated to the Executive Management through the Board’s
Organizational Regulations and policies.
5.

Compensation, Shareholdings and Loans
Detailed information regarding compensation principles, compensation programs, actual compensation payments,
shareholdings and loans of members of the Board and the Executive Management as well as information on the
related rules in the Articles are set forth in the Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report contained in the
Compensation Report in this Proxy Statement as well as under the heading ‘‘Compensation Discussion &
Analysis’’ in the Compensation Report contained in this Proxy Statement.

A­158

6.

Shareholders’ Participation Rights

6.1 Voting Rights and Representation
Each registered share of Amrize confers one vote at the general meeting. Voting rights may be exercised by
shareholders in person, by proxy, or through an independent proxy holder designated for that purpose. A
shareholder who is registered in the Company’s share register as of a record date designated by the Board may vote
at the general meeting either in person or by authorizing another person to vote on his or her behalf. The record date
for any general meeting is announced in the invitation to the meeting.
To facilitate shareholder participation in general meetings, the Company permits shareholders to vote by proxy.
Shareholders may grant proxies to any person, including persons who are not shareholders. The Company also
designates an independent proxy holder who may be authorized by shareholders to exercise voting rights in
accordance with written instructions. Pursuant to the Articles, the independent proxy holder shall be elected by the
general meeting. Their term of office shall expire after completion of the next annual general meeting. For further
information on the representation of shares or the independent proxy holder regarding its election, term and
competences, see article 9 of the Articles.
6.2 Majority Required by the Articles
Consistent with Swiss corporate law, the general meeting of shareholders may conduct business and pass
resolutions provided that at least one shareholder or duly authorized representative is present, regardless of the
number of shares represented. Resolutions of the general meeting are adopted by an absolute majority of the votes
represented at the meeting, except in circumstances where the Articles or law require a higher quorum.
Certain matters require the approval of at least two­thirds of the votes represented and the absolute majority of the
par value of shares represented. Please refer to article 704 para. 1 of the Swiss Code of Obligations and article 10
para. 2 of the Articles for matters requiring such higher quorum.
6.3 Convening the General Meeting
The annual general meeting of shareholders shall be held no later than six months after the end of the financial year
and is convened by the Board in accordance with Swiss law and the Articles. An invitation to the annual general
meeting, setting forth the date, time, place, and agenda, must be published at least 20 days prior to the meeting, or
such longer period as may be required by law, at the discretion of the Board through publication in the Swiss
Official Gazette of Commerce (SOGC) or in another form that allows proof by text.
An extraordinary general meeting shall be convened upon a resolution of the general meeting, or of the Board, or
upon request of the Auditors. Additionally, one or more shareholders who together represent at least 5% of the
Company’s share capital (or a lower threshold as may be specified in applicable law) may request that the Board
convene an extraordinary general meeting to address specific matters. If the Board does not convene the requested
meeting within a reasonable time, shareholders may petition a Swiss court to convene the meeting.
For further information regarding holding of general meetings exclusively by electronic means or simultaneously
at different locations, see article 12a of the Articles.
6.4 Agenda Items
One or more registered shareholders who together represent shares corresponding to at least 0.5% of the
Company’s share capital may request that specific items be included in the agenda of a general meeting. Such
requests must be submitted in writing to the Board at least 90 days prior to the general meeting.
The Board will include properly submitted agenda items in the invitation to the general meeting and will provide
shareholders with background information regarding each agenda item. Shareholders shall have the right to submit
proposals relating to agenda items and to pose questions to the Board and management regarding matters on the
agenda.

A­159

6.5 Entries in the Share Register
The Company maintains a share register in which all registered shareholders are recorded, together with the
number of shares held and such other information as may be relevant to the administration of shareholder rights.
Entry in the share register of registered shares with voting rights is subject to the approval of the Board and may
be refused based on the grounds set out in article 5 of the Articles. Non­recognized acquirers shall be entered into
the share register as shareholders without voting rights.
In addition to the registration and voting restrictions set forth in article 5 of the Articles, no person may be
registered with the right to vote for 20% or more of the registered share capital recorded in the Commercial
Register until the conclusion of the annual general meeting in the year 2028. For more detailed information on the
registration and voting restrictions until the general meeting in the year 2028, see article 5bis of the Articles.
Removal of these restrictions requires the shareholder approval of at least two­thirds of the votes represented and
the absolute majority of the par value of shares represented at an annual or extraordinary general meeting.
The Company performs periodic reconciliations of the share register with information provided by the Company’s
transfer agent to ensure the accuracy of shareholding records and the timely allocation of dividends and other
distributions to registered shareholders.
7.

Change of Control and Defense Measures

7.1 Duty to Make an Offer
Swiss law requires that any shareholder who acquires more than 33 1/3% of the voting rights of a Swiss company
whose shares are listed in whole or in part in Switzerland is required to make an offer to acquire all listed equity
securities of the company at a minimum price. The Articles neither remove this requirement nor do they increase
the participation threshold above which an offer must be made. Consequently, any person having acquired more
than a third of the Company’s voting rights will be required to make an offer for all outstanding shares of the
Company.
7.2 Change of Control Clauses
The Company’s employment agreements with members of the Executive Management do not entitle to
termination payments or any change of control benefits, other than the accelerated vesting of equity mentioned in
the section on the long­term incentive under the heading ‘‘Compensation Discussion & Analysis’’ in the
Compensation Report. Their contract may foresee non­competition provisions where commercially justified,
which may not provide for compensation exceeding the average compensation of the last three financial years.
For comprehensive information regarding change of control provisions and their treatment in the Company’s
compensation programs, shareholders are directed to consult the Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report contained
in the Compensation Report in this Proxy Statement as well as the heading ‘‘Compensation Discussion &
Analysis’’ in the Compensation Report contained in this Proxy Statement.
8.

Auditors

8.1 Duration of the Mandate and Term of Office of the Lead Auditor
The statutory auditor of Amrize is Ernst & Young AG, Zurich, Switzerland. Ernst & Young AG has served as
statutory auditor since 2024. Under the Articles, the shareholders appoint the Company’s independent auditors
each year at the annual general meeting for one­year terms corresponding to the financial year. Re­appointment is
permitted.
The lead audit partner is expected to be changed within the time periods mandated by applicable law and
regulations (seven years of service as lead partner). Since fiscal year 2025, the lead auditor has been Rico Fehr.

A­160

Separately, on February 16, 2026, the Company appointed Ernst & Young LLP, United States (EY US), for a term
of one year, as its independent registered accounting firm to conduct the audit activities required by U.S. law and
the related NYSE regulations. The appointment of EY U.S. does not require approval of the Company’s
shareholders.
8.2 Audit Fees and Additional Fees
The following table sets forth the amount of audit fees, audit­related fees, tax fees and all other fees billed or
expected to be billed in aggregate by Ernst & Young AG, Ernst & Young LLP and any other member firm of Ernst
& Young that rendered audit and related services to any member of Amrize for the fiscal year 2025. Of the fee
amounts presented in the table, $11,608,000 were paid by Amrize and the remaining amounts were paid by Holcim
prior to the spin­off.
(USD millions)

2025

Audit fees. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Audit related fees. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tax fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
All other fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$12,608

$12,608

Audit fees include fees billed for professional services rendered for audits of our annual consolidated and
stand­alone financial statements, reviews of consolidated quarterly financial information and statutory audits of
the Company (including in particular the Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report) and the Group subsidiaries.
Audit-related fees include fees billed, as applicable, for assurance and related services such as due diligence,
accounting, consultations and audits in connection with mergers and acquisitions, employee benefit plan audits,
internal control reviews and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards, and other
limited assurance services including in connection with sustainability reporting.
Tax fees include fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.
Other fees include non­audit and accounting research services and readiness assessments.
8.3 Supervisory and Control Instruments vis-à-vis the Auditors
The Audit Committee’s responsibilities in relation to the external auditor include the following:
•

overseeing the Company’s relations with the independent auditor;

•

reviewing and approving the terms of engagement and the remuneration to be paid to the independent auditor
in respect of audit services provided;

•

examining the compatibility of the auditing responsibilities with any non­audit services provided to the
Company (such as consulting mandates), including reviewing and, in its sole discretion, approving in
advance all audit and permitted non­audit engagements, services and relationships between the Company and
the independent auditor;

•

discussing with the independent auditor, before the audit commences, the nature and scope of the audit;

•

reviewing with the independent auditors the findings of their work, including any major issues, problems or
difficulties that arose during the course of the audit, including management’s response with respect thereto,
any restrictions on the scope of the independent auditor’s activities or on access to requested information, and
any significant disagreements with management; key accounting and audit judgments; levels of errors
identified during the audit, obtaining explanations from management and, where necessary, the independent
auditors, as to why certain errors might remain unadjusted;

•

reviewing significant issues raised in the audit representation letters before consideration by the Board,
giving particular consideration to matters that relate to non­standard issues;

A­161

•

at least annually, obtaining and reviewing a report from the independent auditor describing: (i) the
independent auditor’s internal quality­control procedures; (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent
internal quality­control review, or peer review, of the independent auditor, or by any inquiry or investigation
by any governmental or professional authority, within the preceding five years, respecting one or more
independent audits carried out by the independent auditor, and any steps taken to deal with any such issues;
and (iii) all relationships between the independent auditor and the Company (including a description of each
category of services that the independent auditor provided to the Company and a list of the fees billed for each
such category);

•

evaluating the independent auditor’s independence by, among other things: (i) obtaining and reviewing from
the independent auditor all written statements and communications relating to relationships between the
independent auditor and the Company required by applicable auditing standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB) and rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC), and (ii) engaging in a dialogue with the independent auditor with respect to any disclosed
relationships or services that may impact its objectivity and independence;

•

ensuring that no prohibited duty unrelated to the audit is entrusted to the independent auditor(s) of the
Company;

•

reporting to the Board on the measures the Audit Committee has taken, including submission of such
measures to the Board for ratification as appropriate; and

•

establishing clear hiring policies by the Company for employees or former employees of the independent
auditor.

The Company’s Independent Auditors attend all regular meetings of the Audit Committee. On a quarterly basis,
Ernst & Young reports on the findings of its audit and/or review work. On an annual basis, the Audit Committee
approves Ernst & Young’s audit plan and evaluates the performance of Ernst & Young and its senior
representatives in fulfilling their responsibilities. Moreover, the Audit Committee recommends to the Board the
appointment or replacement of the statutory auditor, subject to shareholder approval. Annually, Ernst & Young
provides a report as to its independence to the Audit Committee.
9.

Information Policy
The Company reports its financial results quarterly with an earnings press release. In addition, the Company
informs its shareholders by means of an annual report and informs the public by means of press releases upon
occurrence of significant events within Amrize.
The Company has reporting requirements under Swiss law and the regulations of the SIX, and to the SEC. The
reports submitted to the SEC may be downloaded from http://www.sec.gov.
Copies of the quarterly and annual SEC filings as well as press releases are available for download from the Amrize
website at www.amrize.com.

9.1 Quiet Periods
The Company observes regular trading blackout periods during which members of the Board, the Executive
Management, and certain employees who have access to material non­public information are prohibited from
engaging in transactions in Company securities. These blackout periods are designed to ensure that insiders do not
trade on the basis of material non­public information and to prevent even the appearance of improper trading.
•

Standard blackout periods: Blackout periods are typically triggered on the 20th day of the last month of each
fiscal quarter and remain in effect until the second trading day after the public release of quarterly or annual
results. During these periods, covered insiders may not purchase or sell Company shares and may not engage
in certain other transactions involving Company securities.

A­162

•

Rule 10b5­1 trading plans: In accordance with SEC rules, insiders may establish pre­planned trading
arrangements (Rule 10b5­1 trading plans) that permit transactions to occur even during blackout periods,
provided that the plan was established at a time when the insider was not in possession of material non­public
information. Such plans must meet specified conditions and compliance requirements established by the
SEC.

•

Ad hoc blackout periods: The Company may establish additional ad hoc blackout periods in connection with
significant corporate events (such as planned mergers or acquisitions) to prevent trading on the basis of
non­public information regarding such events.

The Company’s insider trading policy is documented in the Code of Business Conduct and is communicated to all
Directors, officers, and employees with access to material non­public information. Violations of the insider trading
policy may result in disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment, disgorgement of profits,
and civil or criminal liability under applicable securities laws.

A­163

Annex B

Annex B

B­1

TABLE OF CONTENTS
ABOUT THIS REPORT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
THIRD PARTY ASSURANCE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
OUR BUSINESS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
OUR SOLUTIONS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
INNOVATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
OUR APPROACH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
GOVERNANCE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
BOARD OVERSIGHT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
MANAGEMENT REVIEW . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
DOUBLE MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ENVIRONMENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
CLIMATE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
NATURE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
SOCIAL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PEOPLE AND CULTURE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TALENT ATTRACTION AND RETENTION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
HEALTH AND SAFETY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
COMMUNITY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
RESPONSIBLE OPERATIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
BUSINESS CONDUCT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ANTI­CORRUPTION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
APPENDIX A. KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
APPENDIX B. DISCLOSURES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
APPENDIX C. THIRD PARTY LIMITED ASSURANCE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Cover Image: Amazon Bellevue 600, built with Amrize next-generation cement,
Bellevue, WA. See Our Solutions Section. Credits: Kyle Ventler – NorthWest Drone Works

B­2

B-3
B­4
B-4
B­4
B­7
B-8
B-9
B­9
B­9
B­9
B­10
B­10
B-12
B­12
B­13
B-14
B­14
B­14
B­15
B­15
B­16
B-17
B­17
B-18
B-19
B-20

ABOUT THIS REPORT
Amrize’s Non­Financial Matters Report reflects our commitment to sharing information about our environmental and
social initiatives with our clients, customers, shareholders, employees, business partners, and the communities where
we operate.
AsAmrize became a standalone company on June 23, 2025, following our spin­off from Holcim, this report covers the period
between January 1, 2025 and December 31, 2025, and includes Amrize businesses both before and after the spin­off.
Amrize is in the process of developing our dedicated non­financial matters strategy reflecting our standalone business
operations. To design and implement our strategy, programs, policies, key performance indicators, and related
disclosures, Amrize is currently in the process of conducting a standalone double materiality assessment. This process
will be completed during fiscal year 2026 as it requires sufficient data over a certain period of operations as a standalone
company in order to meaningfully assess Amrize’s impacts, risks, and opportunities across our markets. In the
meantime, for the purposes of this Report, Amrize is applying certain Holcim frameworks and concepts where relevant.
This Non­Financial Matters Report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Article 964b of the
Swiss Code of Obligations. Amrize’s report was developed in alignment with the Task Force on Climate­related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations, as detailed in Appendix B. Key Performance Indicator (KPI) data are
tracked, and information is compiled, in Appendix A.1
To best disclose the effectiveness of its programs across its key material topics Amrize followed industry specific SASB
(Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) indicators, key cement industry indicators based on the sector’s 2050 net
zero roadmap, and further standard industry social impact indicators.
This Non­Financial Matters Report 2025 has been approved by the Board of Directors of Amrize in accordance with
Article 964c of the Swiss Code of Obligations.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward­Looking Statements
The information provided in this report differs from Amrize’s mandatory reporting under U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) rules and regulations, and may consider different and broader definitions of materiality
promulgated by other frameworks and reporting guidelines that take into account a wider range of factors. The term
significance used in this report should not be read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality used for the purposes
of complying with the U.S. federal securities laws and regulations. The statements in this report, which is unaudited,
reflect Amrize’s views and estimates based on data and information available as of the date of its publication. Changes
in circumstances or new information may have occurred since its publication, which could impact the accuracy of
certain details. Certain statements in this report are ‘‘forward­ looking statements’’ within the meaning of the U.S.
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, including those regarding Amrize’s initiatives to
optimize energy efficiency and water conservation and efficiency, as well as its CO2 goals, are based on management’s
current expectations and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, changes in circumstances, and
assumptions (such as management’s estimates and assumptions related to climate­related matters) that are difficult to
predict and are often beyond Amrize’s control and inherently uncertain. These statements are not guarantees of future
results, occurrences, or performance. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from those included in this
report due to a variety of factors, including the effect of political, economic and market conditions and geopolitical
events; the logistical and other challenges inherent in Amrize’s operations; the actions and initiatives of current and
potential competitors; the outcome of pending or future litigation; potential green claims and their impact on Amrize’s
reputation; climate­related conditions and weather events; energy prices and technological innovations; legislative,
regulatory and policy changes; risks related to talent attraction/retention; market acceptance for low­carbon products
and solutions; feasibility of new technologies; risks related to natural catastrophes; supply chain disruption; Amrize’s
ability to derive the benefits from the investment in its operations; Amrize’s ability to successfully implement its
initiatives, such as expanding its LEED­enabling solutions; as well as those factors described in the Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward­Looking Statements and Risk Factors section included in Amrize’s Annual Report for the year
ended December 31, 2025 filed with the SEC on Form 10­K. In addition, many of the forward­looking statements in this
report, including Amrize’s commitments, goals and targets set forth herein, are based on assumptions, standards,
metrics, measurements, methodologies, data, and internal frameworks believed to be reasonable at the time of
preparation, but that continue to evolve, vary across jurisdictions and regulatory bodies, and are the subject of proposed
1

To accelerate the reporting process and align with the financial reporting timeline, some data is based on eleven months of data (as of
November 30) and extrapolated to estimate annual values.

B­3

regulatory changes in multiple jurisdictions. In particular, we note that standards for accounting for and measuring
impact and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, as well as measuring GHG emissions reductions or avoidance, and how
the use of voluntary carbon offsets may feature in GHG accounting, vary, including due to the underlying emissions
factors, assumptions or other methodological features. In addition, certain information and metrics in these disclosures
are reliant on methodologies and third­party information, including data provided by clients and suppliers, that we do
not independently verify. To the extent that such methodologies or third­party information we use is subsequently
determined to be erroneous or otherwise not in keeping with best practices or regulatory requirements, it may affect our
disclosures and our reported progress on our emissions­reduction goals. Readers should not regard any of these
forward­looking statements as a representation or warranty by Amrize or any other person or place undue reliance on
any such forward­looking statements. Any forward­looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made,
and Amrize does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward­looking statement, whether as
a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise, except as required by law. While future events discussed
in this report may be significant, any significance should not be read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality of
the disclosures required under U.S. federal securities laws or other mandatory disclosure requirements.
THIRD PARTY ASSURANCE
SCV Consulting Ltd. provided Limited Assurance Verification in accordance with ISO 14064­3: 2019 on select KPIs.
See assurance report in Appendix C.
Amrize provides Environmental Product Declarations (EPD), which are independently verified documents that serve as
a means of providing transparent and reliable product information to meet customer needs.
OUR BUSINESS
Amrize Ltd (the ‘‘Company’’) is a building solutions company focused exclusively on the North American market,
offering customers a broad range of advanced building solutions from foundation to rooftop. We earn revenue from the
sale of cement, aggregates, ready­ mix concrete, asphalt, roofing systems, and other building solutions. Operating
across more than 1,000 sites and facilities in the United States (U.S.) and Canada, our 19,000­ plus employees serve
more than 23,000 customers across the infrastructure, commercial, and residential construction markets. Amrize is
listed on the New York Stock Exchange and on the SIX Swiss Exchange under the symbol ‘‘AMRZ.’’
OUR SOLUTIONS
Amrize’s vision is to be the partner of choice for the professional builders of North America to build their ambition
across all construction markets— from commercial and infrastructure to residential, as well as from new build to repair
and refurbishment. With our two business segments, Building Materials and Building Envelope, we offer our customers
a broad range of advanced building solutions from foundation to rooftop with billion­dollar brands from OneCem to
Elevate. Our teams of experts understand the entire building lifecycle, and continuously advance our broad range of
solutions, technologies, and open innovation partnerships to meet our customers’ needs with reliability and scale.
Building Materials
Amrize’s Building Materials offerings include cement and aggregates, as well as a variety of downstream products and
solutions such as ready­mix concrete, asphalt, and other construction materials. In 2025, our operating footprint
included 18 cement plants, 143 terminals, 56 cementitious product operations, 273 ready­mix concrete plants,
467 aggregates operations, 37 concrete product sites, and 50 asphalt operations.
•

Cement: Amrize provides high­quality cement products developed through our professional knowledge and
experience. These products are customized to satisfy our clients’ specific requirements.

•

Aggregates: Amrize is strategically located to supply crushed stone, sand, and gravel to the construction
market. Solutions within the primary natural aggregates division consist of extracted hard rock from quarries,
as well as deposits of sand and gravel. Our alternative aggregates consist of recycled concrete and secondary
aggregates from other industrial waste, such as slag. These products are engineered for use in ready­mix
concrete, asphalt, and as a base material for street and road construction.

•

Ready-Mix Concrete: Ready­mix concrete is a combination of cement, fine and coarse aggregates, admixtures,
and water. We tailor our ready­mix concrete to fit our customers’ specific needs. By changing the proportion of

B­4

cement, aggregates, admixtures, and water, we modify our concrete’s resistance, manageability, and finish, among
other properties. From our low­carbon concrete to our innovative ultra­high performance line, we produce a broad
variety of specially designed concrete to meet the many challenges of modern construction.
Building Envelope
Our Building Envelope segment offers advanced roofing and wall systems, including single­ply membranes, insulation,
shingles, sheathing, waterproofing and protective coatings, along with adhesives, tapes, and sealants that are critical to
the application of roofing and wall systems. Products are sold individually or in warrantied systems for new
construction or for repair and refurbishment in commercial and residential projects. Products for commercial projects
are primarily sold under the Elevate and Duro­Last brands, while products for residential projects are primarily sold
under the Malarkey brand. These products are sold either directly to contractors, through authorized distributors, or
through a network of sales representatives in North America.
We offer wide­ranging roofing expertise and solutions that are fully customizable to meet commercial and residential
building requirements.
•

Elevate: Elevate offers a broad range of advanced roofing systems for commercial buildings, including
industry­leading energy­efficient insulation boards. Elevate offers solutions for every system, building, and
budget with innovative and sustainable products including RubberGard™ EPDM membrane, UltraPly™
TPO SA with SecureBond technology, Max PVC membrane, and ISOGARD™ polyiso insulation.

•

Duro-Last: Duro­Last is a full system roofing provider, offering a wide range of thermoplastic single­ply
solutions, from Edge­to­Edge to Deck­to­Sky™. As the largest manufacturer of custom­fabricated single­ply
roofing systems in the United States, Duro­Last custom­fabricates high­quality PVC roofing membranes,
accessories, edge metal, and fasteners in­house, providing superior waterproofing and long­term leak
protection.

•

Malarkey: For steep­slope roofing, our Malarkey brand provides a complete residential roofing solution,
from premium roofing shingles to ice and water barriers. Malarkey’s polymer­modified asphalt shingles are
aligned with our commitment to driving high performance roofing systems. Malarkey has always prioritized
innovation, launching the first SBS polymer­modified asphalt shingle, the first shingle with a larger nailing
area for easier installation, and the first shingle using upcycled rubber and plastics to reduce landfill waste.

•

OX Engineered Products: OX develops and manufactures a range of wall insulation and sheathing
solutions, with proprietary technologies ranging from house wraps and structural sheathing to integrated wall
systems.

•

Enverge: Enverge, our spray foam insulation brand, includes both open­cell and closed­cell spray foam
products. The product portfolio includes our OnePass superior yield insulation and our SucraSeal™ open­cell
insulation made from up to 17% sucrose content.

•

Gaco: Our Gaco brand offers a portfolio of proven liquid­applied coating systems for roof restoration,
decking and waterproofing, and anti­slip protection. We also offer adhesives, tapes, and sealants critical to
weatherproofing the building envelope.

LEED-Enabling Solutions for High-Performance Buildings
Amrize offers our customers a broad range of solutions that enable Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design
(LEED) certification, from our innovative materials to our advanced envelope systems to optimize a building’s energy
efficiency, water conservation, material use and recovery, resiliency, and occupant experience.
The LEED building rating system is the most widely recognized framework for best­in­ class building strategies and
practices in the U.S. and Canada. It is used to design, construct, and operate efficient, healthy, and sustainable building
structures that excel in energy, water, materials and indoor environmental quality, offering significant operational
savings and benefits for people and planet.

B­5

Amrize empowers our customers with our sector’s broadest range of LEED­enabling solutions and product
transparency for high performance buildings. Our advanced solutions include:
•

Low-Carbon Materials: Amrize provides innovative cement and concrete ranges, which have a lower CO2
footprint. Mechanisms include the addition of supplementary cementitious materials like ground granulated
blast furnace slag, fly ash, and silica fume, as well as optimized design for efficient material use.

•

Operational Energy Performance and Resiliency: Elevate MAX PVC membranes for roofing systems
offer long­term reliability with high resistance to punctures, tearing, and breaking, in addition to being
resistant to fire and harsh chemicals. Elevate ISOGARD™ polyiso insulation offers the highest R­value
per inch at colder temperatures for optimized energy­efficiency.

•

Water Use and Occupant Experience: Green roofs enabled by Elevate support rainwater recovery and
reuse, reduce heat island effects, and provide access to nature, particularly in city environments.

•

Material Efficiency: Malarkey pioneered the use of upcycled rubber and upcycled plastic in
shingles—diverting approximately 935,000 rubber tires and 600 million plastic bags from landfills in 2025.
By integrating smog­reducing granules in our shingles, Malarkey helps clean the air of emission­based
pollutants. In 2025, Malarkey installed roofs have helped clean the air equivalent to the smog­ mitigating
potential of approximately 320,000 trees.

•

Product Transparency: Amrize LEED­enabling solutions are supported by third­ party validated
Environmental Product Declarations, providing customers with product impact transparency.

AI-Optimized Advanced Concrete Mix for Meta Data Center
Amrize partnered with Meta to create a first­of­its­kind AI­optimized concrete mix that was 43% faster in early strength
and 35% less carbon intensive—while delivering 100% performance. Winner of the ‘‘Most Innovative Partnership’’
award at the 2025 Building Innovation Awards, the mix was tailored to meet the specific needs of Meta’s data center in
Rosemount, Minnesota. This customized solution was designed to deliver high strength, maintain set­time, and reduce
embodied carbon, helping Meta meet its performance, speed, and sustainability targets. The solution harnesses
Amrize’s material engineering expertise and Meta­developed open­source artificial intelligence (AI) models. It was
created in partnership with The Grainger College of Engineering at the University of Illinois Urbana­Champaign to
create the data for the AI model.
Next-Generation Cement Formulation at Amazon’s New Bellevue Tower
Amrize collaborated with Amazon to introduce its next­generation cement formulation at Amazon’s Bellevue 600 office
tower. The solution uses advanced chemistry to replace 99% of traditional materials with low­emission raw materials, while
meeting and exceeding strength, durability, and finishing expectations. The concrete placements made with Amrize’s
advanced formulation achieve a 60% lower embodied carbon footprint. This marks the first large­scale application of
Amrize’s proprietary formulation technology, developed by the Company’s research and development experts. The project
also provides valuable insights for the potential use of this advanced material solution in other future applications. See cover
page photo.
State-of-the-Art Manufacturing
With over 1,000 sites and a highly efficient distribution network, Amrize delivers for our customers in every U.S. state
and Canadian province with speed and scale.
We launched our ‘Made in America’ label, starting with our cement range, to offer builders the guarantee of American
manufacturing and quality—supporting American jobs and local communities. This ‘Made in America’ label signifies
that all aspects of the cement are made in the U.S. from our raw materials and processing to manufacturing, meeting
rigorous U.S. performance standards. The label started to be rolled out across Amrize’s U.S. cement operations in 2025
at our flagship sites of Ste. Genevieve, Missouri; Midlothian, Texas; Devil’s Slide, Utah; Holly Hill, South Carolina;
and Portland, Colorado. We are planning to bring the ‘Product of Canada’ label to Canada in 2026.

B­6

In 2025, Amrize invested $700 million in our manufacturing footprint to better serve our customers, employees, and
communities with state­of­the­art operations. These investments were used to increase production capacity and
improve operational efficiency at our major cement plants, ranging from Ste. Genevieve, Missouri, to Midlothian,
Texas, while expanding our footprint in residential roofing with Malarkey’s new plant in Franklin, Indiana.
FRANKLIN, IN

MIDLOTHIAN, TX

STE. GENEVIEVE, MO

Amrize is constructing a new
shingles plant, slated to open in
2026. This new Malarkey facility
will expand our customer reach in
the Midwest and Eastern markets.

Amrize is investing $50M to expand
cement production by 100,000 short
tons and modernize plant logistics.
This increase in operational
efficiency will better serve
customers.

Amrize expanded production
capacity by 660,000 short tons at
North America’s largest and market­
leading cement plant, while
improving operational and material
efficiency.

INNOVATION
Amrize’s Technology & Innovation Hub is driven from our core Research and Development (R&D) Center with a range
of experts working across the following disciplines:
•

Material Science: From product formulation to nanotechnologies

•

Engineering Technologies: From industrial development to automation

•

Digital & AI: From predictive maintenance to computational design

•

Construction: From masonry to roof assembly

Amrize operates 10 innovation labs across the U.S. and Canada to support specific market application needs across our
range of solutions. The Technology & Innovation Hub is supplemented by strategic partnerships with leading start­ups
and academic institutions to scale up our impact.

As a leading partner and Industry Leadership Council member of North America’s largest climate­tech incubator,
Amrize and Greentown Labs collaborate to accelerate the development of startups in the built environment. This work
spans new material development, building resiliency, and efficiency in energy, raw materials, circularity, and
operational technology.

B­7

MIT Climate and Sustainability Consortium (MCSC)
Amrize, a founding member of the MCSC, partners with like­minded organizations from Amazon to Prologis to
advance the built environment with a focus on linking value chains across industry, implementing disruptive
technology, and educating workforces.
MIT Concrete Sustainability Hub (CSHub)
Bringing together leaders from academia, industry, and government, MIT CSHub uses a holistic approach to develop
breakthroughs in durable and sustainable homes, buildings, and infrastructure in increasingly demanding
environments.

Plantd manufactures next­generation building materials from perennial grass. Their carbon­negative structural
sheathing product is higher performing and more efficient to produce than traditional oriented strand board (OSB).
Amrize has been a strategic investor and partner to Plantd since 2025.

Amrize is a founding investor in this startup, which is developing an ultra­low­carbon cement based on an
electrochemical process using renewable electricity, basaltic rock (a carbon­free raw material), and industrial waste.

Amrize is an investor in this startup, which is repurposing phosphate gypsum waste as a low­emission raw material for
low­carbon cement manufacturing. Travertine’s process addresses industrial environmental footprints, upcycles rare
and scarce metals, and captures CO2.
OUR APPROACH
Amrize’s vision is to be the partner of choice for the professional builders of North America with the most advanced
building solutions from foundation to rooftop. With our research and development network, Amrize’s experts are
constantly innovating to advance construction in the U.S. and Canada, offering a broad range of LEED­enabling
solutions for high­performance building.
Our unmatched operational footprint, including over 1,000 facilities, and highly efficient distribution network serve
Amrize’s customers in every U.S. state and Canadian province with speed and scale. As a responsible corporate citizen,
Amrize invests in our manufacturing footprint to operate state­of­the art facilities to best meet the needs of our
customers, people, and communities.
Amrize holds health and safety as a core value and cultivates a culture of high performance and engagement across our
19,000­plus employees to be an employer of choice. We invest in our teams’ training and development, championing
continuous learning and a growth mindset.

B­8

GOVERNANCE
BOARD OVERSIGHT
As a standalone public company, Amrize operates with a Board of Directors (the ‘‘Board’’) and committees thereof,
which comply with U.S. federal securities laws and rules, New York Stock Exchange and SIX Swiss Exchange
requirements, as well as Swiss corporate law.
The Organizational Regulations contain rules governing the Board’s decision­making and delegation process. These are
based on Article 716b of the Swiss Code of Obligations and Article 18, section (2) of the Articles of Association of the
Company.
The Board is responsible for the ultimate direction of the Company and oversight of its management. This responsibility
includes the determination of our strategy and selection, instruction, and strategic oversight of the Chief Executive
Officer and the other members of Executive Management.
Our Board takes an active role in risk oversight, both as a full board and through our committees, each of which has
primary risk oversight responsibility with respect to all matters within the scope of its duties as contemplated by its
charter. The Board oversees the Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) and monitoring, including non­
financial risk. In addition, the Audit Committee of our Board (the ‘‘Audit Committee’’) supports the Board in its
oversight of risk management.
Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer collaborates with the Presidents of Amrize’s Building Materials and
Building Envelope segments, as well as the Chief Marketing and Corporate Affairs Officer, to define the Company’s
non­financial strategy, including the selection of priority projects, provision of sponsorship and funding, and to ensure
execution of such strategy in cooperation with other executive business leaders. Our executive leadership is responsible
for the day­to­day management of the various risks facing Amrize’s operations. The Chief Marketing and Corporate
Affairs Officer presents progress on non­financial matters to the Board at least annually.
MANAGEMENT REVIEW
Our Chief Marketing and Corporate Affairs Officer, in collaboration with the broader executive leadership team, is
responsible for assessing and managing Amrize’s non­ financial matters and identifies further opportunities for growth
and program evolution in the forthcoming year. We perform this review within the context of the external landscape and
incorporate our understanding of how mega­trends and macro­developments may impact our sector and activities.
Amrize’s operations are subject to and affected by federal, state, provincial, and local laws and regulations relating to,
among other things, environmental matters (including climate and greenhouse gas emissions), health and safety
matters, and other regulatory matters. Environmental operating permits, which are subject to modification, renewal and
revocation, may be required for Amrize’s operations. Amrize regularly monitors and reviews our operations,
procedures, and policies for compliance with these laws and regulations.
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT
Amrize’s Enterprise Risk Management process provides the Board, including its Audit Committee, with a
comprehensive view of the business risks in support of its oversight obligations. Our ERM process seeks to identify and
control risks in order to ensure business growth, effective risk reporting, and compliance with legal requirements. Risks
are assessed based on their likelihood of occurrence and potential impact on our non­ financial matters, including their
potential for negative impact on our reputation, financial performance, or our capacity to meet commitments. Risk
mitigation measures are planned, implemented, and monitored on an ongoing basis.
Our comprehensive ERM process is supported by governance and tools that identify, assess, mitigate, and monitor risk
exposure in our strategy and decision­making processes. Key components of our ERM process include:
•

Risk identification and assessment

•

Risk response and mitigation, including existing control identification

•

Monitoring and reporting

Amrize includes climate and sustainability­related matters in our multidisciplinary Company­wide ERM process. We
have customized our approach to align with the best practices and recommendations of TCFD, allowing for a bottom­up
assessment of climate­related risks and opportunities. The bottom­up assessment included a survey of leadership and
evaluation by our ERM team.

B­9

Management must make estimates and assumptions concerning the future, including those related to climate matters.
These assumptions are consistently evaluated to align with the Company’s risk management strategy and commitments
made to stakeholders.
Management periodically re­evaluates assumptions on non­financial matters and their potential impacts on operations
and cash­flow projections. This re­evaluation is consistent with the assessment of climate­related matters,
commitments to investors and other stakeholders, and existing climate­related regulations.
Management must also consider the potential material adverse effects on business, financial condition, liquidity, and
results of operations caused by adverse weather conditions and natural disasters. For example, severe weather
conditions could increase operational costs if they occur with unusual intensity, during atypical periods, or persist
longer than normal, especially during the peak of construction seasons.
The ERM team conducts a risk assessment process, covering all operating segments and functions, with participation
from senior leaders and their management teams. In accordance with Amrize’s ERM methodologies, we analyze both
the inherent risk level (before mitigation) and the residual risk level (after mitigation). Remaining residual risk that is
not covered by existing mitigations requires documented action plans.
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate processes, internal controls, and compliance with
applicable laws and regulations. Our system of internal control supports our ERM process and provides assurance to our
Board, senior leaders, and their management teams regarding reliable financial reporting and regulatory compliance.
Every Amrize employee is crucial in maintaining our system of internal control, ensuring its proper implementation and
continued effectiveness. Amrize is committed to fostering a strong internal control and risk management culture at all
levels, actively supported by the Board and executive leadership.
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
At Amrize, we engage with a wide range of stakeholders, including community members, employees, non­
governmental organizations, and government representatives. Through this engagement, we share our business
priorities, build trust, understand expectations, and listen to grievances and opportunities for improvement. We use a
broad range of methods, including surveys, town halls, open houses, workshops, formal consultations, and bilateral
meetings, to reach each of our stakeholder groups with the aim of building and sustaining constructive relationships
with those who could influence our business activities or be impacted by them. Additional details can be found in the
People and Culture section of this report.
To support transparency in our conduct and business integrity, Amrize is committed to a culture of speaking up. The Integrity
Line is a tool established to provide an anonymous and confidential environment in which anyone (internal employees or
external parties) can raise concerns regarding Amrize’s business practices. The Integrity Line is accessible at
www.amrize.com. Guided by our SpeakUp & Investigations Policy, we encourage employees and stakeholders to raise
concerns regarding any misconduct or breaches of our Code of Business Conduct, applicable laws, and internal policies.
DOUBLE MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
During the reporting period, Amrize’s double materiality assessment was based on Holcim’s 2024 double materiality
assessment, adjusted to ensure that only those topics relevant to Amrize’s specific business model, asset base, and
operations were taken into account. As outlined at the beginning of this report, we anticipate completing our first
standalone double materiality assessment in 2026, once sufficient data over a certain period of operations is available
to meaningfully assess Amrize’s impacts, risks, and opportunities—to ensure a robust and complete evaluation of our
non­financial impacts. Our evaluation is described in the following table.

B­10

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
Subtopic

Risk/Opportunity

Amrize Response

New or changes to existing greenhouse gas
laws and regulations, including carbon
market mechanisms and mandatory
disclosure obligations may have an adverse
effect on our business, finances, reputation,
and ability to achieve targets.

Greenhouse gas management practices that
address laws and regulations, inclusive of
carbon market mechanisms and mandatory
disclosure obligations.

In the course of our operations, we generate
greenhouse gas emissions.
CLIMATE

Adverse weather conditions and natural
disasters may have an adverse effect on our
business, finances, reputation, and ability to
achieve targets.
As demand for energy increases so will the
market demand for innovative, energy­
efficient products.

NATURE
(BIODIVERSITY
AND WATER)

We anticipate completing our standalone
climate analysis in 2026 as it requires
sufficient data over a certain period of
operations for the assessment. We will
conduct our climate analysis aligned with the
TCFD recommendations which will allow us
to complete our disclosures based on said
recommendations. We will use this analysis
to evaluate the establishment of additional
KPIs to track our progress.

New or changes to laws and regulations may
have an adverse effect on our business,
finances, reputation, and ability to achieve
targets. Amrize manufacturing processes rely
on water which could limit access to water in
water scarce areas.

Water management practices that address
laws and regulations and potential impacts to
the environment.

We consume water and extract raw materials
in the course of our business operations.

Management of sites to ensure correct
procedures concerning environmental and
biodiversity management regulations.

SOCIAL AND EMPLOYEE RELATED ISSUES AND RESPECT FOR HUMAN RIGHTS
Subtopic

PEOPLE AND
CULTURE

Risk/Opportunity

Amrize Response

Inadequate efforts to support employee
engagement and development may
negatively impact our ability to attract,
retain, and motivate skilled employees which
can result in high turnover, reduced
innovation and lower productivity.

An inclusive and fair workplace for
employees and contractors, which does not
discriminate on the basis of gender, religion,
sexual orientation, or race.

TALENT
ATTRACTION
AND
RETENTION

B­11

The talent attraction, development, and
retention strategies aim to build a high­
performance culture. Through our employee
engagement survey, we assess what matters
most to employees to make Amrize an
employer of choice. The early career,
leadership, and technical training programs
drive employee development and retention.
The Employee Stock Purchase Plan further
promotes employee engagement and
ownership, all contributing to long­ term
company performance.

SOCIAL AND EMPLOYEE RELATED ISSUES AND RESPECT FOR HUMAN RIGHTS
Subtopic

HEALTH AND
SAFETY

COMMUNITIES

Risk/Opportunity

Amrize Response

Lack of a comprehensive health and safety
program that is consistently implemented
across our operations could result in increased
incident rates, serious accidents, and even
fatalities for employees and contractors.

A business environment that promotes and
protects the safety, health, and well­ being of
employees and contractors.

Communities may develop adverse or negative
interests or objectives that could result in legal
or administrative proceedings, protests,
negative media coverage, direct action or
campaigns, potentially resulting in operational
business disruptions.

A stakeholder engagement program that
enhances Amrize values as a good corporate
citizen and advances our community
engagement at the local, state, provincial, and
national level.
Strong, sustained economic performance that
allows investment and long­lasting partnerships
in our local communities.

HUMAN
RIGHTS AND
LABOR

Supplier violations of employment and human
rights laws could compromise the well­being,
safety, freedom, and dignity of workers in our
value chain.

Amrize supplier policies and procedures
requiring adherence to employment and human
rights laws.

COMBATING CORRUPTION
Subtopic

BUSINESS
CONDUCT
(INCLUDING
ANTI­
CORRUPTION)

Risk/Opportunity

Amrize Response

If we fail to comply with applicable laws and
regulations, the relevant government
authorities have the power and authority to
investigate us and, if necessary, impose fines,
penalties and remedies, which could cause
negative financial impacts and could cause
us to lose customers, suppliers and access to
debt and capital markets.

A responsible corporate culture with respect
to business conduct matters, including anti­
bribery and anti­corruption policies,
whistleblower protection, compliance with
legislation, transparency, and business ethics.

ENVIRONMENT
At Amrize, our employees, contractors, customers, and neighbors are at the heart of how we operate and our most
important asset. Our Company takes distinct responsibility to ensure the well­being of our people and the protection of
the environment at all our operations. We comply with applicable legal, regulatory, industry, and corporate
requirements. We have a dedicated Environmental Team that directly supports our operations across North America.
The team maintains a robust Environmental Management System, consistent with ISO 14000, designed to effectively
manage environmental risks. See Key Performance Indicators in Appendix A.
CLIMATE
Under our Environmental Stewardship Policy, Amrize is pursuing a 2050 net­zero ambition in alignment with the
American Cement Association’s Roadmap to Carbon Neutrality and the Cement Association of Canada’s Action Plan
to Net Zero, which Amrize is adopting as its transition roadmap. Examples of the roadmap levers include investment in
innovation, production of low­carbon cement blends, increased use of alternative raw materials and fuels, and increased
use of renewable energy. Amrize’s interim climate commitments will be evaluated following the completion of our
standalone double materiality assessment and climate analysis which requires sufficient data over a certain period of
operations.
We advance the built environment through our investments and partnerships in innovation, LEED­enabling advanced
building solutions, and product transparency via Environmental Product Declarations. We comply with local, state,
provincial, and federal regulations in all our operations and we advocate for collective actions with relevant
stakeholders.

B­12

Our measures include:
•

Reducing Emissions: Establishing plant­level plans related to direct and indirect emissions.

•

Accounting: Ensuring rigorous emissions accounting for both our direct and indirect CO2 emissions based
on the latest emissions accounting protocols. We follow the Global Cement and Concrete Association
(GCCA) Cement CO2 and Energy Protocol version 3.1 for the monitoring and reporting of CO2 emissions
from cement manufacturing.

•

Target-Setting: Continuously ensuring our targets remain aligned with industry developments.

•

Disclosures: Pursuing transparency with regard to climate­related financial disclosures aligned with relevant
frameworks such as TCFD.

•

Innovation: Continuing to develop, manufacture, and promote LEED­enabling advanced building products
and solutions. See the Our Solutions section for details on LEED­enabling products.

•

Collaboration: We engage with a range of key stakeholders, from policy­makers to real estate and
infrastructure developers to architects and engineers, to promote advanced building solutions to scale their
specification and adoption together.

We are tracking the effectiveness of our measures through KPIs. For our progress in the last year, see Appendix A.
Climate Risks and Opportunities
We anticipate completing our standalone climate analysis in 2026 as it requires sufficient data over a certain period of
operations for the assessment. We will conduct our climate analysis aligned with the TCFD recommendations which
will allow us to complete our disclosures based on said recommendations. We will use this analysis to evaluate the
establishment of additional KPIs to track our progress. Refer to the Enterprise Risk Management section and Double
Materiality Assessment section of this report for information regarding our current climate matters and the Innovation
section regarding opportunities.
NATURE
Consistent with our Environmental Stewardship Policy, Amrize strives to minimize our impact on nature—including
water and biodiversity—implement actions, and develop products and solutions. We comply with local, state,
provincial, and federal regulations in all our operations.
Water Conservation
Amrize promotes efficient water use practices at all our sites. We implement water stewardship in our own operations
and beyond, working in partnership with relevant stakeholders, to the benefit of communities and nature.
Water is essential for our operations, and its availability is affected by local conditions. Amrize’s water conservation
measures are focused on two main areas:
•

Consumptive Water Use Reduction: We improve our water usage efficiency by optimizing our on­site
water processes, maximizing rainwater harvested, and shifting our water usage from freshwater to non­
freshwater where possible. We aspire to increase our water use efficiency at all sites located in high water risk
areas.

•

High Water Quality Standard: We require all our sites to implement strict standards to ensure the discharge
of high­quality water in accordance with federal, state, provincial, and local regulations.

Production sites monitor and report the volumes of water withdrawal, discharge, consumption, and the water quality of
discharge.
We are tracking the effectiveness of our measures through KPIs. For our progress in the last year, see Appendix A.
Biodiversity Conservation
Our biodiversity measures are focused on four main areas:
•

Prioritization: We assess the biodiversity importance of each of our extraction sites in order to prioritize
actions and develop tailored solutions.

B­13

•

Rehabilitation: We perform progressive rehabilitation alongside extraction activities whenever possible. We
have rehabilitation plans in place where required by local regulations.

•

Increasing Recovered Resources: We build more with less, preserving our ecosystems.

•

Stakeholder Approach: We participate in and lead multi­stakeholder collaboration with all relevant parties.

Every quarry reports the extent of areas disturbed, rehabilitated, and undisturbed. Upon completion of our standalone
double materiality assessment, we will evaluate establishing relevant KPIs.
SOCIAL
PEOPLE AND CULTURE
Consistent with our Code of Business Conduct, we recognize our responsibility to treat each other with dignity, which
means appreciating diversity, whether that diversity exists because of race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, or any
other difference. We value and promote a workplace that is inclusive and fair, and which fosters respect for all our
employees, customers, and business partners.
We all strive to create an environment in which personal dignity, privacy, freedom of association and collective
bargaining, and the personal rights and safety of every individual are part of our everyday work experience. We believe
respect in the workplace is fundamental to performance and engagement.
All employees, without regard to job title or level, will be treated fairly in matters affecting promotion, training, hiring,
compensation, and termination.
As Amrize has only been a standalone company since June 23, 2025, we do not have 2024 comparable data. The
combined Holcim data available for periods prior to the spin­ off does not allow for a meaningful or reliable comparison
to Amrize as a standalone company. In particular, the total number of employees for 2024 does not include personnel
which supported both Holcim and Amrize. Upon completion of our standalone double materiality assessment, we will
evaluate establishing additional KPIs. In the meantime, refer to the KPIs in Appendix A.
TALENT ATTRACTION AND RETENTION
Amrize’s success and resilience is tied to the growth and development of our people. We aim to build a high­
performance, engaged and learning culture with a growth mindset, where all employees feel empowered to contribute
and make meaningful impact.
Engagement Survey
In 2025, Amrize conducted a Gallup survey of employee engagement as we seek to be an employer of choice. Our
employee engagement survey serves as a tool to help us listen, learn, and grow together as we build our performance­
driven culture. The objective of the survey is to understand what matters most across our employee populations so we
can make Amrize the best place to work and the highest performing company in our industry.
Learning and Development
Amrize is committed to attracting and retaining the best talent through leadership development, early career programs,
learning opportunities, and fostering a performance­ driven culture. Examples of these initiatives include the Build for
Growth program, which provides early­career employees with exposure to the technical elements of the business while
developing future leadership capabilities; sales training programs designed to strengthen commercial acumen and drive
performance; and leadership development programs focused on enhancing the skills and effectiveness of managerial
staff to support long­term organizational success.
Recruiting, developing, and retaining diverse and qualified employees is essential to implementing our strategy and
maintaining our competitive position. We are a people­first company, and we believe that investing in training supports
skill development, employee retention, and long­term business continuity. We take care of our team by providing them
with the tools, training, and time to perform their work safely and successfully. This welcoming and productive
workplace is achieved by providing competitive wages and benefits, and by ensuring a safe and respectful work
environment. We embrace the diverse backgrounds and viewpoints of our team members so that we may learn from one
another and continue to improve our culture.

B­14

As previously described, because Amrize has only been a standalone company since June 23, 2025, we do not have 2024
comparable data. The combined Holcim data available for periods prior to the spin­off does not allow for a meaningful
or reliable comparison to Amrize as a standalone company. Upon completion of our standalone double materiality
assessment, we will evaluate establishing additional KPIs. In the meantime, refer to the KPIs in Appendix A.
HEALTH AND SAFETY
As set out in our Code of Business Conduct and Health, Safety, and Environmental Policy, at Amrize we strive to create
a healthy and safe environment for our employees, contractors, customers, and neighbors. Our Health, Safety, and
Environmental Policy describes our approach to manage critical risks, strengthen stewardship and accountability,
engage our stakeholders, and continuously improve. We take the utmost care to ensure the well­being of our people at
all our operations.
Health and Safety (H&S) is a core value for Amrize, which means that every single employee and contractor who comes
into contact with Amrize must know what to do to prevent a serious injury or fatality. Through our performance
management system, we ensure that every employee understands what they are accountable for and what support they
can rely on to achieve success. We are committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment. To achieve this,
we work closely with our employees and contractors to foster a culture that encourages both personal and collective
responsibility for H&S.
We integrate H&S into all business processes and encourage a culture where concerns are raised. This includes
threatening behavior, unsafe practices, or potential acts of violence.
Our Health and Safety Rules:
•

Rule 1: I abide by applicable safety policies and programs, and assess and control risks before starting any
task.

•

Rule 2: I only perform activities for which I am authorized.

•

Rule 3: I never override or misuse health and safety devices, and I always use the required personal protective
equipment.

•

Rule 4: I do not work under the influence of alcohol or drugs.

•

Rule 5: I report all incidents.

Living by these rules is a condition of employment.
We are tracking the effectiveness of our measures through KPIs. For our progress in the last year, see Appendix A.
COMMUNITY
As set out in our Code of Business Conduct, Amrize strives to be a trusted corporate citizen and to fulfill our
responsibilities to the communities in which we operate. We seek to do this by contributing through investment and
engagement, and building relationships based on mutual respect and trust with all stakeholders in the community. As
community members ourselves, Amrize employees seek engagement in local schools, community groups, and
organizations.
Community Investments
Our manufacturing plants serve as the cornerstone of their communities. Amrize provides high­paying jobs and
enduring partnerships with local businesses, community organizations, and suppliers. Amrize operates over 450 sites in
Canada and 600 sites in the U.S., supporting customers in all 50 states. With 18 cement plants and a highly efficient
distribution network, we offer the greatest capacity to serve our customers from coast to coast. Our unparalleled
distribution and logistics network and trusted relationships with Indigenous communities—including a 50­plus year
partnership with the Whitefish River First Nation in Ontario—allows us to work in remote areas across our markets with
speed and scale.
With our ‘Made in America’ label, we offer builders the guarantee of American manufacturing and quality, and support
American jobs and local communities. Learn more under the Our Solutions section. We are planning to roll out the
‘Product of Canada’ label in Canada in 2026.

B­15

Community Engagement
We support our local communities through charitable donations, both cash and in­kind, and employee volunteerism
with a focus on affordable housing and infrastructure, disaster relief, education, and health.
Examples of our 2025 measures:
•

Amrize employees volunteered over 14,000 hours across 500 events in support of local charities.

•

Malarkey donated its 500th roof to the Central Oklahoma Habitat for Humanity, enabling access to affordable
housing.

•

As a leading sponsor of the National Roofing Contractors Association’s efforts with SkillsUSA, Elevate is
committed to investing in programs that advance trade education and promote careers in roofing.

RESPONSIBLE OPERATIONS
Supply Chain Management
At Amrize, we recognize the critical role that supply chain management plays in our sustainability performance. We
rigorously follow our Supplier Code of Conduct to set our supplier expectations to ensure they meet our standards, from
sourcing raw materials responsibly to minimizing transportation emissions. Furthermore, we look for ways to use new
technology to create more productive and effective solutions.
Our Supplier Code of Conduct is consistent with our Code of Business Conduct which ensures we carry out our business
with integrity and to our highest standard. Amrize expects its suppliers to adhere to environmental, social and other
regulatory requirements, including decent working conditions, environmental protection, and human rights standards.
They are required to demonstrate compliance with the standards described in the Supplier Code of Conduct by taking
part in the supplier qualification process. The supplier qualification process consists of risk and performance
evaluations, including third­party due diligence, self­assessments, fact­finding, or audits. These evaluations are
conducted in accordance with Amrize standards and as determined by procurement processes.
We include our Supplier Code of Conduct in our supplier agreements and expect full compliance. Amrize provides
guidelines to suppliers on how to meet our expectations, on how suppliers will be evaluated and what the Zero Tolerance
Breaches of the requirements are. Amrize reserves the right to exclude suppliers that are not compliant with local,
national, or international laws and regulations, or who do not fulfill the expected requirements of the Supplier Code of
Conduct.
Human Rights and Labor
As Amrize, we aim to maintain good long­term relationships and continuous communication with the cities and
communities in which we operate. As set out in our Supplier Code of Conduct, we utilize internationally recognized
standards, including the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), the International
Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work (ILO Declaration), and the OECD
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises on Responsible Business Conduct.
We demonstrate respect for people and the planet and ask all our employees to consider, when making business
decisions, the short­ and long­term impacts on both. As responsible citizens, we are aware of our continuing obligations
towards the environment and the need for active engagement to protect and enhance our natural resources.
Amrize’s business involves numerous production facilities, requiring the transport of raw materials and delivery of
finished products. We practice sustainable sourcing and require, from all our suppliers, respect for human rights. Amrize
prioritizes contractors who respect decent working conditions, environmental protection, and human rights standards.
In all areas where we do business, we are committed to competing vigorously but fairly for suppliers and customers.
Violations of antitrust and competition laws are never in Amrize’s interest and are not tolerated. Amrize prohibits the
following practices and will not knowingly do business with any individual or company that participates in such
practices:
•

Exploitation of children, including child labor

•

Physical punishment

•

Violence towards employees

B­16

•

Forced or compulsory labor

•

Unlawful discrimination in employment and hiring practices

•

Provision of unsafe working conditions

•

Salary payments (or deductions) that illegally result in wages below minimum wage

•

Illegal overtime regulations

Compliance with the requirements, as set out in our Supplier Code of Conduct, is bonded through the implementation
of contractual terms and conditions aligned with Amrize’s internal standards and applicable legal and ethical principles,
including internationally recognized human rights and labor standards.
The supplier qualification process consists of risk and performance evaluations in the form of third­party due diligence,
self­assessments, fact­finding, or audits. Amrize may immediately terminate the relationship with suppliers who have
committed a Zero Tolerance Breach, and/or suppliers who repeatedly and knowingly violate the Supplier Code of
Conduct and refuse to implement improvement plans. During the tendering process, Amrize reserves the right to
exclude suppliers that are not compliant with local, national, or international laws and regulations, or who do not fulfill
the expected requirements.
See our Supplier Code of Conduct for more information. Upon completion of our standalone double materiality
assessment, we will evaluate establishing relevant KPIs.
BUSINESS CONDUCT
Amrize strives to create an environment where honesty and accountability flourish and compliance is a central focus.
Our Code of Business Conduct is designed to promote honest and ethical conduct. It contains references to Amrize
policies, relevant laws, and regulations which provide background for acting with integrity in the workplace, in business
practices, and in the community.
ANTI-CORRUPTION
Amrize considers high performance with high integrity key to sustainable success. We commit to putting our integrity
into action by abiding by the rule of law and setting an example on how to conduct ethical business. We know that
paying bribes—even small ones—causes tremendous harm to communities. It is never good business, nor is it
sustainable. Bribery in any form does not fit with the Amrize culture of integrity.
International anti­corruption laws apply to all of our operations. It is never acceptable to offer, give, authorize, or receive
any form of bribe or kickback, including to or from any public official or private person. We also do not hire third parties
to engage in activities we are not allowed to do ourselves, such as paying bribes.
We are subject to anti­corruption, anti­bribery, anti­money laundering, antitrust, anti­ boycott, economic sanctions,
trade embargoes, and export control laws and regulations in the areas in which we do business. Any violation of any
such laws or regulations could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results
of operations, as well as harm our reputation.
Our Anti­Bribery and Anti­Corruption Policy, which is further described in the ‘‘Integrity in Business Practices’’section
of our Code of Business Conduct contains guidance and rules about how employees are to conduct ethical business,
such as interactions with public officials, gifts, and payments.
All employees are required to comply with the Code of Business Conduct and receive introductory and regular ethics
and compliance training. The Amrize Integrity Line is a tool to provide an anonymous and confidential resource for
employees or external parties to raise concerns regarding our business practices. The Company maintains a zero­
tolerance policy for retaliation against anyone who makes a good­faith report of suspected violations.
In 2025, more than 12,900 employees were trained on the Code of Business Conduct, including anti­corruption
concepts. Because Amrize has only been a standalone company since June 23, 2025, we do not have 2024 comparable
data. The combined Holcim data available for periods prior to the spin­off does not allow for a meaningful or reliable
comparison to Amrize as a standalone company. In particular, the total number of employees for 2024 does not include
personnel which supported both Holcim and Amrize. Upon completion of our standalone double materiality
assessment, we will evaluate establishing relevant KPIs.

B­17

APPENDIX A. KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
TABLE 1. CLIMATE - ENERGY2

TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
THERMAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ELECTRICAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ELECTRICAL ENERGY ­ RENEWABLES3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
THERMAL SUBSTITUTION RATE (TSR) ­ ALTERNATIVE FUELS
PLUS BIOMASS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2025

2024

UNITS

93,705,714
78,237,674
15,468,040
1,111,052

96,311,432
80,489,171
15,822,260
955,381

GJ
GJ
GJ
GJ

22

20

%

TABLE 2. CLIMATE - SCOPE 1 & 2 GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS
4

SCOPE 1 TOTAL GROSS CO2 EMISSIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
SCOPE 1 SPECIFIC NET CO2 EMISSION PER TON CEMENTITIOUS
MATERIALS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL SCOPE 2 GHG EMISSIONS (LOCATION­ BASED) . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL SCOPE 2 GHG EMISSIONS (MARKET­BASED). . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2025

2024

UNITS

14,637,414

15,252,329

t CO2

613
1,060,619
970,281

614
1,218,431
1,148,784

kg CO2/t
t CO2
t CO2

2025

2024

UNITS

46,889

47,452

1,000 m³

2025

2024

UNITS

1,599,500

1,573,500

$USD

2025

UNIT

19,544
15.9
84.0

#
%
%

TABLE 3. NATURE
5

TOTAL FRESHWATER WITHDRAWAL ­ MANUFACTURING . . . . . . . . .
TABLE 4. PEOPLE AND CULTURE - SOCIAL INITIATIVES
6

TOTAL DONATIONS (CASH AND IN-KIND) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

TABLE 5. TALENT ATTRACTION AND RETENTION - GENDER AND EMPLOYMENT TYPE

TOTAL NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PERCENTAGE OF EMPLOYEES WHO ARE FEMALE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PERCENTAGE OF EMPLOYEES WHO ARE MALE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TABLE 6. HEALTH AND SAFETY

2025

2024

UNIT

LOST TIME INJURY FREQUENCY RATE - EMPLOYEES7 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
LOST TIME INJURY FREQUENCY RATE - CONTRACTORS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
LOST TIME INJURY FREQUENCY RATE - EMPLOYEES AND CONTRACTORS
ON-SITE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL INJURY FREQUENCY RATE - EMPLOYEES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL INJURY FREQUENCY RATE - CONTRACTORS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL INJURY FREQUENCY RATE - EMPLOYEES AND CONTRACTORS
ON-SITE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0.29
0.00

0.44
0.35

RATE
RATE

0.25
4.29
1.82

0.43
4.77
4.49

RATE
RATE
RATE

3.92

4.43

RATE

2 Energy and Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Water, and Health and Safety Reporting Methodology: Construction Materials Sustainability Accounting
Standard, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), 2023
Greenhouse Gas Accounting Methodology: The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Global Cement and
Concrete Association (GCCA) Cement CO2 and Energy Protocol version 3.1
3 Electrical Energy- Renewables include electrical energy from renewable Power Purchase Agreements (PPA) and our own renewable generation
but does not include renewables from the grid.
4 Gross CO2 emissions are the total emissions resulting from the calcination of limestone and the emissions resulting from the burning of
fossil-based fuels and pre-treated waste-derived fuels. Compared with gross CO2 emissions, net CO2 emissions do not include CO2 from
alternative fuels. Units of ‘‘t’’ refers to metric tons.
5 Total Freshwater Withdrawal includes water from all business segments except captive power plants. In 2025 Captive Power Plant Total
Freshwater Withdrawal was 114 million m3 compared to 111 million m3 in 2024 due to increased electricity generation.
6 For 2025, the total includes a $250K donation to MIT Concrete Sustainability Hub effectively made via the American Cement Association,
following Amrize direction.
7 Frequency Rate data is per 200,000 hours.

B-18

APPENDIX B. DISCLOSURES
TCFD DISCLOSURE TABLE
GOVERNANCE

SOURCE

A) DESCRIBE THE BOARD’S OVERSIGHT OF CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS
AND OPPORTUNITIES.

PAGE 12 & CODE OF
BUSINESS CONDUCT

B) DESCRIBE MANAGEMENT’S ROLE IN ASSESSING AND MANAGING
CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES.

PAGE 13

STRATEGY
A) DESCRIBE THE CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES THE
ORGANIZATION HAS IDENTIFIED OVER THE SHORT, MEDIUM AND
LONG TERM.

PAGES 13-19

B) DESCRIBE THE IMPACT OF CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND
OPPORTUNITIES ON THE ORGANIZATION’S BUSINESSES, STRATEGY,
AND FINANCIAL PLANNING.

PAGES 13-19

C) DESCRIBE THE RESILIENCE OF THE ORGANIZATION’S STRATEGY,
TAKING INTO CONSIDERATION DIFFERENT CLIMATE-RELATED
SCENARIOS.

PAGES 13-14 & 18-19

RISK
A) DESCRIBE THE ORGANIZATION’S PROCESSES FOR IDENTIFYING
AND ASSESSING CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS.

PAGES 15-18

B) DESCRIBE THE ORGANIZATION’S PROCESSES FOR MANAGING
CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS.

PAGES 13-14 & 18-19

C) DESCRIBE HOW PROCESSES FOR IDENTIFYING, ASSESSING, AND
MANAGING CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS ARE INTEGRATED INTO THE
ORGANIZATION’S OVERALL RISK MANAGEMENT.

PAGES 18-19

METRICS AND TARGETS
A) DISCLOSE THE METRICS USED BY THE ORGANIZATION TO ASSESS
CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES IN LINE WITH ITS
STRATEGY AND RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS.

PAGES 18-19 & 30

B) DISCLOSE SCOPE 1, SCOPE 2 AND, IF APPROPRIATE, SCOPE 3
GREENHOUSE GAS (GHG) EMISSIONS AND THE RELATED RISKS.

PAGE 30

C) DESCRIBE THE TARGETS USED BY THE ORGANIZATION TO MANAGE
CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES AND PERFORMANCE
AGAINST TARGETS.

PAGES 18-19

B-19

APPENDIX C. THIRD PARTY LIMITED ASSURANCE

B-20

B-21

SCAN TO
VIEW MATERIALS & VOTE
AMRIZE LTD
8700 W BRYN MAWR AVE

Z

VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com or scan the QR Barcode above
Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information
up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on April 16, 2026. Have your proxy card in hand when you
access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic
voting instruction form.

CHICAGO, IL 60631
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS
If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can
consent to receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via
e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to
vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy
materials electronically in future years.
VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903
Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time
on April 16, 2026. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.
VOTE BY MAIL
Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have
provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood,
NY 11717.

TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS:

V88898-P48229-P50240

AMRIZE LTD

THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED.
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Amrize – Agenda Items
The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following
proposals 1 and 2:
1

2

Approval of the Annual Report, including the Consolidated Financial
Statements and the Statutory Financial Statements of Amrize for
fiscal year 2025
Advisory vote to approve the compensation of the Named Executive
Officers for fiscal year 2025 (“Say on Pay Vote”)

The Board of Directors recommends you vote 1 YEAR on
the following proposal:

For

Against

Abstain

!
!

!
!

!
!

1 Year 2 Years 3 Years Abstain

!

!

!

!

The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following
proposals 4 through 16:

For

Against

Abstain

!
!

!
!

!
!

!
!
!

!
!
!

!
!
!

!

!

!

3

Advisory vote on the frequency of “Say on Pay Vote”

4

Advisory vote on the Swiss Statutory Remuneration Report for fiscal
year 2025

5

Advisory vote on the Non-Financial Matters Report for fiscal year
2025

6

Offsetting of accumulated losses for fiscal year 2025

7

Approval of a special distribution of legal reserves from capital
contribution in the amount of USD 0.44 per outstanding share

8
9
10

Approval of the regular distribution of legal reserves from capital
contribution in the amount of up to USD 0.44 per outstanding
share in up to four (4) installments
Discharge of the members of the Board and the Executive
Management from liability for activities during fiscal year 2025
Re-election and Election of the Board
10A

Re-election of Jan Jenisch

10B

Re-election of Nick Gangestad

10C

Re-election of Dwight Gibson

10D

Re-election of Holli Ladhani

10E

Re-election of Michael E. McKelvy

10F

Re-election of Jürg Oleas

10G

Re-election of Robert Rivkin

Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX]

Date

!
!
!
!
!

!
!
!
!
!

!
!
!
!
!

!
!

!
!

!
!

For

Against

Abstain

10H

Re-election of Katja Roth Pellanda

!

!

!

10I

Re-election of Maria Cristina A. Wilbur

10J

Election of Don P. Newman

!
!

!
!

!
!

10K

Election of Jacques Wolf Sanche

!
!

!
!

!
!

11

Re-election of Jan Jenisch as Chairman of the Board

12

Re-election of the Compensation Committee
12A

Re-election of Nick Gangestad

!

!

!

12B

Re-election of Katja Roth Pellanda

!

!

!

12C

Re-election of Maria Cristina A. Wilbur

!
!

!
!

!
!

!
!

!
!

!
!

!
!
Yes
!

!
!
No
!

!

13

Approval of the maximum aggregate compensation for the Board
for the period from the 2026 Annual General Meeting to the 2027
Annual General Meeting

14

Approval of the maximum aggregate compensation for the
Executive Management for fiscal year 2027

15

Re-election of Ernst & Young AG as Amrize’s Statutory Auditors and
ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Amrize’s
independent registered public accounting firm for U.S. securities
law reporting for fiscal year 2026

16

Re-election of Advoro Zurich Ltd as Independent Voting
Representative

I/we will personally attend the 2026 Annual General Meeting.
I/we authorize the Independent Voting Representative, Advoro Zurich
Ltd, Zollikerstrasse 226, 8008 Zurich, Switzerland to represent me/us at
the 2026 Annual General Meeting.

Yes

No

If any modifications to agenda items or proposals identified in the
As
invitation to the 2026 Annual General Meeting or other matters on recommended
which voting is permissible under Swiss law are properly presented at the by the Board
2026 Annual General Meeting for consideration, you hereby instruct of Directors Against Abstain
the Independent Voting Representative, in the absence of other specific
instructions, to vote the shares in accordance with the recommendations
of the Board.

!

Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX]

Date

!

!

Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual General Meeting:
The 2026 Invitation, Proxy Statement and Annual Report are available at www.proxyvote.com.

V88899-P48229-P50240

This Proxy Is Solicited on Behalf of the Board of Directors.
Invitation to the Annual General Meeting of AMRIZE LTD
Tuesday, April 21, 2026 9:00 AM CEST (Central European Summer Time)
If you do not otherwise appoint a proxy or make arrangements to attend and vote the shares at the Annual General Meeting,
the Independent Voting Representative will vote the shares as you instruct. Please provide your voting instructions by marking the
applicable boxes on the reverse side. If you sign and return this Proxy Card without giving specific voting instructions
for some or all agenda items, the Independent Voting Representative will vote the shares: (a) “FOR” the election
of the director nominees named on the reverse side, (b) in accordance with the recommendations of the Board of
Directors on the other matters referred to on the reverse side, and (c) in accordance with the recommendations of
the Board of Directors upon such other matters as may properly come before the Annual General Meeting.

