Annual
Report 2025

We explore atoms,
so others can explore space.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

We explore atoms, so others can explore space.
At ASM, we believe the smallest things make the biggest difference. We enable the chips of the
future by discovering novel materials that unlock advanced capabilities, architecting them into
layers of atoms so thin they barely exist. Our innovations sit at the heart of the world's favorite
devices, powering everything from AI data centers and advanced satellites to the smartphone in
your pocket. With a relentless drive to pioneer technologies that shape the world of tomorrow
and make the impossible possible, we always stay ahead of what’s next.

PDF/Printed version
This document is the PDF/printed version of ASM International N.V.’s
2025 Annual Report and has been prepared for ease of use. The
2025 Annual Report in European Single Electronic Reporting format
(the ESEF reporting package) is the official version. The ESEF
reporting package is available on the company website. In case of
any discrepancies between this PDF version and the ESEF reporting
package, the latter prevails.

Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements
In addition to historical information, some of the information posted
or referenced herein or on the website contains statements relating
to our future business and/or results, including, among others,
statements regarding future revenue, sales, income, expenditures,
sufficiency of cash generated from operations, maintenance of
interest in ASMPT Limited (ASMPT), business strategy, product
development, product acceptance, market penetration, market
demand, return on investment in new products, facility completion

dates and product shipment dates, corporate transactions,
restructurings, liquidity and financing matters, outlooks, and any
other non-historical information. These statements include or may be
interpreted to include certain projections and business trends, which
are or could be considered ‘forward-looking’. We caution readers that
no forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance
and that actual results could differ materially from those contained in
the forward-looking statements.
You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words like
‘may’, ‘could’, ‘should’, ‘project’, ‘believe’, ‘anticipate’, ‘expect', ‘plan',
‘estimate’, ‘forecast', ‘potential’, ‘intend’, ‘continue’, ‘aim’, ‘strive’ and
variations of these words or comparable words. Forward-looking
statements do not guarantee future performance and involve risks
and uncertainties. You should be aware that our actual results may
differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking
statements as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks
and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, economic conditions

and trends in the semiconductor industry and the duration of industry
downturns, currency fluctuations, the timing of significant orders,
market acceptance of new products, competitive factors, litigation
involving intellectual property, shareholder(s) or other issues,
commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters,
terrorist activity, armed conflict or geopolitical tensions or political
instability, changes in import/export regulations, epidemics,
pandemics and other risks indicated in our most recently filed Annual
Report and other filings from time to time. The risks described are
not the only ones. Some risks are not yet known and some that we
do not currently believe to be material could later become material.
Each of these risks could materially affect our business, revenues,
income, assets, liquidity, and capital resources. All statements are
made as of the date of posting unless otherwise noted, and we
assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.

2

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Table of contents1
Introduction

Sustainability statements

69

Leadership and governance

1. CEO message

5

15. General disclosures

70

21. Corporate governance

118

2. Highlights 2025

10

15.1 Company overview

70

22. Executive Committee biographies

126

3. At a glance

11

15.2 Sustainability governance

70

23. Supervisory Board biographies

127

4. Our positioning in the market

13

15.3 Stakeholder engagement

72

24. Supervisory Board report

128

4.1 Industry megatrends

13

15.4 Impacts, risks, and opportunities (IROs)

72

25. Risk management

137

4.2 WFE market overview

15

77

26. Remuneration report

142

4.3 Our product technologies

20

16.1 Climate impacts, risks, and opportunities

78

27. External auditor

156

5. Engaging our customers closely and early

26

16.2 Climate action approach and results

79

6. Our business model

27

16.3 Product sustainability

86

16.4 Own operations

88

Financial statements

157

16.5 Supply chain emissions

90

Strategy and performance

28

7. Strategy

29

8. How we create value for our stakeholders
8.1 Our value-creation model

32
33

9. CFO message

34

10. Financial performance

38

10.1 Performance review

38

10.2 Capital allocation policy

44

10.3 Shareholders
11. Interview with the Chief HR Officer
12. Leading-edge innovation
12.1 ASM R&D strategy and model

44
48
52
52

12.2 Corporate research

52

12.3 Product development

54

12.4 Intellectual property and patents

58

13. Operational excellence

61

13.2 Global supply chain

62

14. Sustainability highlights

64

1

93

117

28. Consolidated financial statements

159

29. ASM International N.V. financial statements

204

17.1 People practices

94

17.2 Inclusion, Diversity & Belonging

94

Other information

97

30. Other information

212

Appendix

221

31. Additional sustainability information

222

32. Sustainability statements appendix

227

17.3 Skilled workforce
17.4 Health, safety, and employee well-being

4

Strategy and
performance

28

Sustainability
statements

69

Leadership and
governance

117

Financial
statements

157

Appendix

221

212

99

18. Supply chain responsibility

103

18.1 Supply chain overview

104

18.2 Engaging our suppliers

105

18.3 Taking action

107

19. Business conduct

109

19.1 Corporate culture and ethics

110

19.2 Ethics, bribery, and corruption

111

20. EU Taxonomy

Introduction

112

33. Five-year non-financial table

241

34. Non-IFRS financial performance measures

244

35. Five-year financial tables

245

61

13.1 Manufacturing operations

14.1 Message from our Head of Sustainability

17. People

67

Management report includes chapters 1–27 of the Annual Report, excluding chapter 24.

3

How we stay ahead of what's next

4

16. Climate action

__

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Introduction
1. CEO message

5

2. Highlights 2025

10

3. At a glance

11

4. Our positioning in the market

13

5. Engaging our customers closely and early

26

6. Our business model

27

__

4

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

5

1. CEO message1
“AI is reshaping our
industry, and ASM stands
ready to help our
customers succeed.”

In a year of mixed market conditions, ASM once again
delivered strong results. Sales grew by 12% at constant
currencies, marking our ninth consecutive year of
double-digit growth, and we further strengthened our
engagements with leading customers. I am deeply grateful
to our people for their dedication and collaboration, which
were essential to our success in 2025.

It was a year of strong progress for ASM. To stay ahead of industry
inflection points, we continued investing in innovation, talent, and our
global footprint. We also sharpened our strategy to capture new growth
areas, including advanced packaging, ensuring we remain well positioned
as device architectures evolve. These efforts strengthened our
engagement with leading customers as they prepare for next‑generation
technologies such as gate‑all‑around and advanced memory solutions
supporting the acceleration of AI.
The semiconductor market expanded solidly during the year, though
growth varied significantly across segments. AI‑driven applications
remained the primary engine of demand, reflected in major multi‑year datacenter expansion initiatives by key industry players. This has fueled strong
investment in leading‑edge logic/foundry nodes and high‑bandwidth
memory DRAM – areas where our ALD and Epi solutions play an
increasingly important role.

Hichem M’Saad
Chairman of the
Management Board
and Chief Executive Officer

By contrast, several other end‑markets, including smartphones, PCs,
automotive, and industrial, remained subdued amid persistent
macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties.
1

The technology drivers in our industry remain firmly intact. Demand
continues to rise for faster, more power‑efficient semiconductor devices
capable of supporting the massive growth in data and compute intensity
driven by AI and other advanced applications. This is accelerating the shift
toward more complex 3D architectures, the introduction of new materials,
and rapid innovation in advanced packaging – all playing to ASM's
strengths.
Since stepping into the CEO role in 2024, my confidence in the
opportunities ahead has only strengthened. Our teams continue to
demonstrate commitment and expertise as we navigate a rapidly evolving
industry landscape. ASM is well positioned to support our customers as
they advance to the next generations of semiconductor technologies.

Record-high financial results in 2025
ASM once again delivered strong financial results in 2025. Revenue
increased by 12% at constant currencies, reaching a new record of
€3.2 billion, roughly in line with the growth of the wafer fab equipment
WFE market. The leading-edge logic/foundry market was the main growth
driver for ASM, on the back of 2nm investments. Our Spares & Services
business grew strongly with revenue up 18% at constant currencies.
Overall revenue from China declined year‑on‑year, but the decrease was
milder than initially assumed. Memory sales dropped, with good
momentum in advanced AI-related applications offset by reduced sales
from Chinese customers. Sales from power/analog/wafer further dropped,
reflecting the continued downturn in this area, including in the silicon
carbide market.
Gross margin increased from 50.5% to a very strong level of 51.8%,
supported by a positive mix including a continued decent sales
contribution from the Chinese market, as well as the gradual impact from
ongoing efficiency-improvement programs.

Figures labelled as ‘adjusted’ or percentages presented ‘at constant currencies’ are non‑IFRS measures. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the table at the end of section 10.1, and
definitions can be found in Chapter 34, ‘Non‑IFRS financial performance measures’.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Investments in adjusted net R&D were up 11%, while adjusted SG&A
expenses dropped 7%, reflecting strict control. The (adjusted) operating
result increased by 17%, with adjusted operating margin reaching a recordhigh level of 30.2%. Free cash flow, adjusted for M&A, rose 12% to €615
million, also a record. Our financial position remains solid, providing us with
the flexibility to invest in innovation and growth, and allowing consistently
attractive shareholder returns. With the publication of our Q4 2025 results,
we announced a proposed dividend of €3.25 per share (+8%), and a new
€150 million share buyback program.

Financial statements

Appendix

“The next nodes in the
DRAM roadmap present a
step-change opportunity
for ASM.”

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

6

Advanced DRAM and HBM remain the engine for memory customers, both
in terms of innovation and capacity requirements. With AI data‑center
investments accelerating, demand for high‑performance DRAM remained
strong. In this segment, ALD high‑k metal gate – where ASM is leading the
industry – has become critical to achieving the performance and
power‑efficiency levels customers require. In 2025, we further
strengthened our position in HBM‑related DRAM, supported by new wins in
ALD for dipole and work‑function layers that are expected to ramp in 2026
and 2027. Importantly, we also booked our first Epi win in the DRAM
segment in 2025.

Accelerating momentum in GAA
The main driver behind our revenue increase in 2025 was the leading-edge
logic/foundry business. The transition to GAA is reshaping the logic
landscape, and ASM is playing a central role in enabling this next wave of
innovation. The 2nm node continues to be a powerful growth driver for our
company, as our customers are ramping the new technology in highvolume manufacturing, supported by increasing end-market demand
across AI, high-performance computing, and advanced mobile
applications.
At our Investor Day in September 2025, we reconfirmed the significant
expansion of our served available market in the shift from FinFET to
first‑generation GAA – approximately US$400 million. We also reaffirmed
our continued market share leadership in ALD, and highlighted the increase
in our share of the Epi layer count from 22% to 33% in the transition to
GAA. These gains underscore the strategic importance of our technologies
in defining the performance of GAA nanosheet devices.
As device complexity increases, so does the importance of the materials
that determine transistor behavior. ALD intensity continues to rise,
particularly in the front‑end transistor stack – where speed, power
efficiency, and reliability are shaped by functional layers such as high‑k
dielectrics, dipole layers for multi‑Vt, and work‑function metals. By the
1.4nm node, we expect these transistor layers to represent roughly 60% of
all ALD layers, up from 50% at the 2nm node. This is a domain where ASM
has deep expertise and leadership positions, and where we will continue to
invest to support our customers’ long‑term roadmaps.

In addition to this strong momentum in the transistor area, we are also
expanding our role in other critical parts of the device. We see, for
example, increasing adoption of ALD in MIMCAP and backside-power
architectures. In 2nm, we have also been shipping our first applications for
Mo ALD. Even though the adoption of this new metal has not been as fast
as was anticipated a few years ago, it remains an attractive longer-term,
and for ASM incremental, market opportunity. With further shrinking of
dimensions, Mo ALD over time will replace more and more of the existing
tungsten and copper layers for critical interconnect and contact
applications.
The pace of progress is not slowing down. Customers are steadily
advancing toward the 1.4nm node, with the first pilot‑line investments
expected in the second half of 2026 and volume production beginning in
2027 and 2028. This transition is set to expand our served available
market by a further US$450–500 million, an even higher increase than the
move to 2nm. Based on the breadth of our R&D engagements and critical
production-tool-of-record (PTOR) selections already secured in 2025, we
expect to at least maintain our market share, as the industry moves into
this next node.

Continued momentum in AI-related DRAM
Memory sales dropped from 25% of total equipment sales to 16% in 2025.
This was the balance of continued robust momentum in the advanced
segment of HBM-related DRAM, and a normalization of sales from
customers in China, which in 2024 was still boosted by unusually high
demand.

Looking further ahead, the DRAM roadmap presents a step‑change
opportunity for ASM. Beginning in 2028, the transition to a 4F² architecture
will introduce more complex 3D channel structures and additional ALD and
Epi requirements, while the adoption of FinFET in the periphery will bring
more 'logic‑like' layers into DRAM. These transitions deepen the role of
materials engineering in DRAM scaling and create attractive opportunities
for ASM to expand its share and revenue contribution from the memory
market.
NAND sales were lower in 2025 compared to a relatively higher level in
2024, and constituted the smaller part of our memory sales. We remain
well placed in 3D‑NAND with our ALD gap‑fill portfolio as that market
gradually improves.

Power/analog market downturn
The power/analog/wafer markets remained in a cyclical trough in 2025.
Following some early signs of end‑market stabilization, we expect a
gradual improvement from a low base in 2026. This will be driven primarily
by silicon‑based power/analog applications. SiC demand is likely to recover
later given the slowdown in EV demand growth and significant capacity
expansions in the past few years. Even in this environment, we have
strengthened our strategic position. New products in recent years, such as
our Intrepid ESA Epi solution for 300mm power and wafer applications,
have expanded our customer base, and set us up to benefit as spending
returns. In SiC Epi, near‑term demand is subdued, but our portfolio –
including the PE2O8 introduced in 2024 – delivers excellent film
performance and cost‑of‑ownership, positioning us well for the industry’s
transition from 150mm to 200mm.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

China remained an important market in 2025
China remained an important market in 2025. After two years of
exceptional growth, we had anticipated a period of normalization; however,
customer activity proved more resilient than expected. In the end,
equipment sales from China represented more than 30% of total ASM
revenue, a higher share than we had guided at the start of the year,
supported mainly by robust investments in the mature logic/foundry
segment. Overall revenue from China still declined year‑on‑year, but the
decrease was milder than initially assumed.
Demand from memory customers in China, at an unusually high level in
2024, returned to more typical lower levels in 2025, and activity in power/
analog applications remained subdued in line with global market trends.
Toward the end of the year, we saw early signs of strengthening customer
demand. For 2026, we currently expect sales in China to be higher
compared to the level in 2024.

Growth strategy 2030
At our Investor Day, we reiterated and sharpened ASM's strategic
direction. At our previous Investor Days, in 2021 and 2023, we set
ambitious targets and clearly delivered on them. One of the key targets
was for our ALD business, where we maintained leadership with our market
share surpassing 55%. This was supported by strong customer adoption as
the industry transitioned from FinFET to GAA. We also made important
gains in epitaxy, increasing our leading‑edge market share from 12% in
2020 to 25% in 2024. Alongside increased share of wallet with key
customers, we outperformed the WFE market and delivered a strong
financial performance. Revenue grew at a CAGR of 20% over the period
2020-2025, with operating profit almost tripling.
Looking ahead, we have a solid foundation to drive continued
above‑market growth. ALD and Epi remain our core engines, and we
expect both markets to grow at a CAGR of 9-13% from 2024 through 2030
– well ahead of the expected 6% growth for the broader WFE market. This
expansion is driven by rising device complexity, more 3D architectures,
and the increasing number of ALD and Epi layers required in
next‑generation logic/foundry and DRAM nodes.

Financial statements

Appendix

“Our ambition is to be a
true home for talent.”
For 2024–2030, we expect Spares & Services to continue growing strongly
at a CAGR of more than 12%, driven primarily by our outcome‑based
service offerings. These solutions, which we target to exceed 50% of
Spares & Services sales by 2030, provide customers with guaranteed
performance and availability. Innovations such as our new dry‑cleaning
approach for critical parts and the use of robotics for precision part
placement further enhance tool performance, reduce costs, and support
customers as device architectures become more complex.
For our total group, we target revenue to grow at a CAGR of at least 12% to
€5.7 billion by 2030, with solid operating margins of more than 30%.
To stay ahead we continue to invest in new products and applications. One
example is our new XP8E platform. XP8E represents the next evolution of
our platform strategy: a modular, AI/ML‑ready architecture designed for
the complexity of 2nm and beyond technologies. Its extendable
architecture supports advanced ALD and CVD applications, including
selective deposition.
We are also investing in new vectors of mid‑term growth. Advanced
packaging is emerging as an increasingly important enabler of system‑level
performance and a strong fit with ASM’s strengths in materials engineering,
deposition, and surface treatment. We have active R&D engagements with
leading customers on new advanced packaging applications, and we
expect these initiatives to begin contributing to revenue in the coming
years.
In December 2025, we enhanced our capabilities with the acquisition of
Axus, a Chandler‑based provider of differentiated CMP equipment for
compound semiconductors and More-than-Moore manufacturing. CMP
complements our strengths in interface engineering and chemistries and
becomes increasingly important in new areas such as 3D integration.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

7

Investing in our global footprint
We continue to invest in a truly global footprint with our manufacturing and
R&D capabilities close to our customers. In Korea, the opening of our new
manufacturing facility marks a major milestone, providing the scale and
capacity, together with our key manufacturing facility in Singapore, to
support our growth well into the next decade. We are also expanding our
R&D campus in Arizona, strengthening one of ASM’s longest‑standing
innovation hubs and preparing for the opening of our new site in
Scottsdale in early 2027. In addition, in 2025 we announced a major
investment in the Netherlands to establish our future global headquarters
and expand our R&D and product‑development capacity.

Continued focus on efficiency
While growth is a priority, we also remain focused on improving efficiency.
We are investing in the ongoing digitalization of our organization, with the
successful implementation of S/4HANA as one of the key projects in 2025.
In our global operations, we are driving productivity programs and
collaborating with key suppliers to create ‘merge-in-transit’ (MIT) modules
that can be shipped directly to customers, thereby lowering cost and
increasing flexibility.

Leadership and talent
At ASM, our ambition is to be a true home for talent – a place where people
can do their best work, grow their capabilities, and help shape the future of
our industry. In 2025, we strengthened this commitment by deepening
engagement across the company and evolving our culture to support
ownership, collaboration, and innovation. At the same time, we continued
to invest in talent attraction and development – expanding our R&D
workforce, enhancing career pathways, and strengthening our presence
across universities and innovation hubs worldwide.
As we scale our organization to support long‑term growth, we also
introduced changes to our operating model and leadership structures.
These adjustments, while resulting in a short‑term increase in attrition,
were necessary steps to build a more agile and resilient company. Through
all of this, our people remained the driving force behind our progress –
advancing breakthrough technologies, serving customers around the
world, and helping us live up to our purpose of staying ahead of what’s
next.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

In 2025, we further strengthened ASM’s leadership team with the addition
of Srini Vedula as SVP Global Sales, Hakan Erdemir as SVP Global
Operations, and, as of January 2026, Gary Ding as Chief Product Officer.
Each brings deep industry expertise and a strong track record of driving
innovation, operational excellence, and customer success.

Accelerate sustainability
At ASM, sustainability is not just about delivering positive environmental
and societal impact – it also makes strong business sense and is deeply
integrated into how we operate and innovate. This approach continues to
guide our actions across the company. We maintained 100% renewable
electricity for the second consecutive year and delivered further energyefficiency improvements, supported by expanded on‑site solar initiatives.
This year, we formally launched our 2030 ESG strategy in the Annual
Report, introducing new multi‑year targets designed to enhance resilience
and drive sustainable growth across our value chain. We continued to
make progress on our SBTi‑validated net‑zero pathway and further
increased our efforts across operations and the supply chain. Product
sustainability is a key area of focus, as product use and upstream
purchased goods and services account for most of our Scope 3 emissions.
Through initiatives such as complete kit management, and targeted R&D
programs, we laid the foundations for achieving our 2030 goals, including,
for example, a 35% reduction in precursor consumption for key ALD
processes. These innovations help our customers reduce energy
consumption and total cost of ownership while maintaining leading‑edge
tool performance. We also strengthened supply‑chain engagement through
initiatives such as the SCORE program, which works directly with suppliers
to identify energy-efficiency improvements and support renewable‑energy
adoption. Our strong ESG ratings reflect our ongoing commitment to
driving sustainability.

Financial statements

Appendix

Outlook 2026
Looking ahead to 2026, we see a strong year for our company. Advanced
logic/foundry will again be our strongest business, as customers ramp
investments in leading‑edge technology nodes to support the surge in
AI‑related demand in 2026 and beyond. We expect healthy growth in our
DRAM sales, even though memory will remain a smaller share of our overall
mix. In the power/analog/wafer segment, we anticipate some recovery
from a relatively low base. Following the improvement in demand
conditions toward the end of 2025, we also expect our sales in China to
strengthen in 2026.
As we enter the year, we remain confident in our strategy, our innovation
leadership, and the strength of our customer relationships. We are well
positioned to capture the opportunities ahead and continue delivering
long‑term value for all our stakeholders.

Hichem M'Saad
March 12, 2026
Chairman of the Management Board and Chief Executive Officer

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

8

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

We connect with
atoms, so AI can
connect with us.

Artificial intelligence is transforming how we
live, work, and connect, and the digital devices
and services we use every day are evolving at
breakneck speed. This accelerates global
demand for chips that are smaller, smarter, and
more efficient – and ASM’s mastery of material
discovery meets this challenge head-on. We
enable the next-generation chips that turn
today’s science fiction into tomorrow’s reality.
One atomic layer at a time, our world-class
deposition tools are igniting the future by
elevating the invisible to the extraordinary.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

9

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

10

2. Highlights 2025
Planet

Financials

People

Electricity from
renewable sources

Scope 1+2 GHG emissions

100%

(44)%

Second consecutive year

Reduction vs 2021 baseline

Supply chain

Revenue

Operating result

Employees

Total recordable injury
rate

Key suppliers reporting Scope 1+2 GHG emissions

€3,173m

€938m

4,519

0.13

87%

+8% vs 2024
+12% in constant currencies 1

+17% vs 2024

vs 4,558 in 2024

vs 0.24 in 2024

vs 67% in 2024

Innovation
Gross margin

Free cash flow2

Female employees

Engagement survey

Gross R&D spending

Patents in force

51.8%

€434m

18%

95%

€512m

3,953

vs 50.5% in 2024

vs €548m in 2024

vs 18% in 2024

Participation rate in 2025

+9% vs 2024

+16% vs 2024

¹ Percentages at constant currencies are a non-IFRS performance measure. For the definition, reference is made to chapter 34. 'Non-IFRS financial performance measures'.
² Free cash flow is a non-IFRS performance measure. It is calculated as cash flows from operating activities after investing activities.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

11

3. At a glance
About us
A heritage of almost 60 years of relentless research
and innovation, and breakthrough technologies.

• Headquartered in the Netherlands
• Key manufacturing hub in Singapore, expanded
manufacturing capacity in Korea in 2025
A leading semiconductor equipment provider,
with a focus on deposition tools.
• A leading 55%+ percentage market share in ALD
• Growing position in silicon Epi
We aim to be a leader in sustainability.

Our global footprint

Revenue breakdown by segment

Key locations where
we’re active

Countries/regions
we supply to

15

20

Revenue breakdown by geography
5

23

15
ò Equipment 77%
ò Spares & Services 23%

77

ò Asia 80%
ò US 15%
ò Europe 5%

80

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

12

History

Almost 60 years of innovation

ASMPT

ASM Japan

20th listing
anniversary
Euronext
Amsterdam

1975

1982

2016

Announcement of
new and expanded
facilities in
Dongtan, Korea
and Scottsdale,
Arizona

Announcement of
new facility in the
Netherlands

2023

2025

1968

1976

2004

2022

2025

Founded by
Arthur del Prado

ASM America

ASM Singapore/
acquisition
of Genitech
(Korea)

Opening of new
and expanded
Singapore
facility

Opening of new
innovation and
manufacturing
center in Korea

ASM was founded in the Netherlands in 1968 at the start
of the semiconductor industry. Since then, the company
has sparked many new ventures around the world, and is
at the forefront of innovation and globalization in our
industry. Until 2008, this evolution took place under the
visionary leadership of Arthur del Prado. His son, Chuck
del Prado, led the company until 2020, followed by
Benjamin Loh until 2024. Today, Hichem M’Saad serves
as our CEO.

From the early 1970s, ASM expanded globally and
entered new equipment market segments, beginning
with furnace technology in the Netherlands. In 1976,
ASM America was established, shaping our current
epitaxy technology. Since 1982, ASM Japan has played a
key role in developing plasma CVD products.

In the 1970s, in the market for back-end equipment, ASM
founded ASMPT in Hong Kong, in which ASM still
maintains a minority share. In the mid-1980s, ASM
partnered with Philips in a joint venture to develop
lithography technology – which is now known as ASML.
ASM sold its share in ASML in 1988.

Through our acquisitions of ASM Microchemistry in 1999
and ASM Genitech Korea in 2004, we laid the foundation
for ASM’s market leadership in ALD. In 2022, with the
acquisition of LPE, we entered the SiC epitaxy market.
Today, ASM continues to expand globally with
investments in new facilities, including in Singapore,
Hwaseong (Korea), and Scottsdale (Arizona). At the end
of 2025, we announced our intention to invest in a new
global HQ and R&D facility in the Netherlands.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

13

4. Our positioning in the market
We are a leading supplier in the semiconductor equipment
industry. Our ALD and Epi technologies enable the most
advanced and next-generation semiconductor devices. Longterm prospects for our industry remain positive, driven by trends
such as digitalization, AI, and electric vehicles.

The growth of AI is expected to increase capacity requirements for the
semiconductor industry, in particular for advanced logic/foundry and DRAM
devices. ASM stands to benefit as more ALD and epitaxy (Epi) steps are
expected to be required to enable semiconductor devices with higher
power efficiency and improved performance that will enable nextgeneration AI applications.

elevated compared to 2024, primarily supported by the capacity ramp for
gate-all-around (GAA) technologies. Investments for mature nodes,
including the power/analog/wafer segments remained subdued. Following
strong semiconductor and WFE market growth in 2025, we expect trends
in the semiconductor market to remain positive in 2026, and the long-term
growth outlook for WFE has strengthened over the course of 2025.

4.1 Industry megatrends

Semiconductor market forecast (US$ billion)

WFE market forecast (US$ billion)

Artificial intelligence

1,400

200

Digital transformation and artificial intelligence (AI) trends continue to fuel
significant growth in the semiconductor device markets. The
semiconductor market increased by over 20% to around US$800 billion in
2025 (Gartner/TechInsights, December 2025). This was driven by AI
innovations and high demand for GPUs, DRAM, and NAND devices in
hyperscale data centers. In the second half of the year, this drove
shortages and price increases, especially in DRAM memory. Steep growth is
expected to continue into 2026 as broader long-term secular trends remain
solid. Advanced semiconductors are key to creating a more connected
world as global economies continue to become increasingly digitized.

1,200

New AI-augmented end-market products and applications are being
developed across nearly every segment of the economy. There is
tremendous demand for smarter devices for the home, autonomous
vehicles, robotics for industry and home, and new generative-AI services
like ChatGPT delivered on AI PC and smartphones for consumer and
industrial use cases. And the number of connected devices is multiplying.
Analysts continue to project that the total semiconductor market will
exceed US$1 trillion by the end of the decade, though recent forecasts
suggest this milestone could arrive as early as 2026.

150

1,000
800

100

600
400

50

200
0

0
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030

Gartner

2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030

TechInsights

TechInsights

Gartner

Source: TechInsights, Gartner (December 2025)

Source: TechInsights, Gartner (December 2025)

Rising complexity of chip technologies

Talent

Demand for wafer fab equipment (WFE) is primarily driven by the growth in
the semiconductor device markets and the increasing complexity of
advanced semiconductor devices for shrinking dimensions and new device
architectures. As a result, we see that each new technology node needs a
larger investment in process equipment. The WFE market was up about
11% to US$122 billion in 2025 (based on an average of TechInsights and
Gartner estimates, December 2025). While there was considerable support
and activity around AI end markets, the WFE market was also supported by
steady investments from China.

We need the right talent to grow and strengthen our organization, but
there is increasing competition for highly skilled talent everywhere we
operate. Without this talent we will not be able to realize our strategy.

During the year, there was a significant increase in investment by memory
manufacturers for high-performance DRAM devices in high-bandwidth
memory (HBM). For leading-edge logic/foundry, spending was also

Environmental footprint
While the semiconductor industry contributes vital technology to society, it
is becoming increasingly important for our stakeholders and society in
general that we make progress on sustainability initiatives. To this end, we
continue to strengthen our team and global innovation and expand our
network of R&D collaborations to enhance the energy and resourceefficiency of our products, improve their impact on our customers'
products, and ultimately help reduce the industry's environmental footprint.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

14

Enabling the AI revolution through ALD and Epi
AI capabilities are improving and changing our world.
Across a variety of disciplines – including image
recognition and generation, medical diagnostics and
research, entertainment and software – we’ve been
seeing a rapid improvement in AI capability in the past
few years. New AI products and services drive growth
in data centers with higher content servers, including
AI-specific GPUs/accelerators, and more memory,
including HBM. And we’re just starting to see the
growth in AI-enhanced edge devices, smartphones,
home appliances, autos, etc. All this drives massive
amounts of computing power, high-speed HBM, and
faster and larger data storage. To satisfy this demand,
there is an increasing need for semiconductor logic/
GPU and memory devices with higher speed and lower
energy usage.
These expanded markets and requirements are
expected to continue to drive the most advancednode logic and memory capacity. Improvements in the
logic transistors, memory devices and packaging – by
scaling, architectural design, and new materials – are
vital. Smaller GAA transistors, in denser devices with
advanced packaging, are enabling better performance
at lower power. More transistors and more bits per
chip enable the training of larger and more
sophisticated AI models.
At the same time, continuous advancements in
leading-edge technologies in the densest areas of the
devices continue to require more single-wafer ALD
and Epi process steps, generation after generation,
creating increasing opportunities for ASM tools to be
introduced in additional process steps. To enable the
continuation of these improvements, new materials are

being developed and deposited with ASM ALD and
Epi, with better control and conformality, to enable the
devices of tomorrow.

Zooming in on the DRAM market, there is a similar
outlook for HBM.
DRAM market: HBM vs. traditional segments

The charts below illustrate the massive impact of the
emergence of semiconductors with specific functions
for AI, and where AI functionality is a prime contributor
to the sale. These are expected to strongly accelerate
the overall semiconductor market growth, with AIrelated semiconductor sales projected to exceed 40%
of all semiconductor sales by 2029.
Semiconductor market: AI vs. non-AI

(US$ billion)
250
200

44%

150
100

6%

50

(US$ billion)
1,400

0

2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029

1,200
42%

1,000
800
600

HBM

Traditional DRAM

Source: Gartner, December 2025
14%

400
200
0

2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029
AI Semiconductor
Source: Gartner, 25Q4 reports

Non-AI

For ASM customers, the transition to GAA technology
utilizes new epitaxy and ALD steps and is expected to
provide the necessary advancements in transistor
performance and efficiency to meet the growing
demands of AI applications – enabling faster, more
energy-efficient AI systems across data centers,
smartphones and PCs.

“AI is transforming every industry, and its
progress depends on faster, denser, more
energy-efficient chips. With breakthroughs in
ALD and Epi, ASM is enabling the materials
and device architectures that make the next
generation of AI possible.”

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Geopolitical risk and shift in global supply

Single-wafer ALD market outlook

In the past, the success of the semiconductor industry was strongly linked
to the success of all parties along the value chain. Innovations by
equipment suppliers supported state-of-the-art solutions developed by
chip manufacturers. This led to new opportunities for customers to take
advantage of these advanced chips. Geopolitical developments, such as
trade restrictions, put this model at risk. At the same time, increasing
awareness around the importance of a domestic semiconductor industry is
leading to shifts in the industry's global footprint, with 'Chips Acts'
stimulating investments in local manufacturing in various geographies.

(US$ billion)

6.1

5.1
3.0

4.2 WFE market overview
The major segments in WFE include lithography, etch & clean, deposition,
and process diagnostics. Our focus is on deposition equipment, comprising
about 24% of WFE, in which we address ALD, Epi, PECVD, vertical
furnaces, and silicon carbide epitaxy (SiC Epi). Within deposition, ALD and
Epi are among the fastest-growing market segments, driven especially by
leading-edge technology advancements like GAA transistors in logic/
foundry, and – from 2028 onwards – also by advanced DRAM.
The single-wafer ALD market is expected to grow from ~US$3.0 billion in
2024 to US$5.1-6.1 billion in 2030. The silicon epitaxy (Si Epi) market is
expected to grow from ~US$1.5 billion in 2024 to about ~US$2.5-3.2
billion in 2030, as shared at our Investor Day in September 2025. This
represents a 9-13% CAGR from 2024 to 2030 for both market segments,
outgrowing the total WFE market, which we assume will grow at ~6%
CAGR over the same period.

ASM Annual Report 2025

2024

2030

Source: Historical market data: ASM | Future market data: ASM

Both the ALD and Epi growth are expected to be driven primarily by the
adoption of many new process steps – or 'layers' – required to manage
increasing device complexity, as well as by the need to enhance device
performance by replacing existing steps with new materials or more
precise deposition techniques. For ALD and Epi, this is especially the case
in both the advanced logic/foundry and memory markets. Expected growth
in the coming years is relatively lower for the mature-node segments,
which were boosted by significant investments in the past couple of years,
particularly in China.
Epi market outlook
(US$ billion)

3.2

2.5
1.5

2024
Source: Historical market data: ASM | Future market data: ASM

2030

__

15

ASM supplies equipment to the leading semiconductor manufacturers in
the logic/foundry and memory (DRAM and NAND) segments of the WFE
market. Other smaller but important market segments we supply
equipment to include power/analog devices and wafer manufacturing.
Analog and power semiconductors are used in a wide range of electronic
systems for mobile products, automotive, telecommunications, and other
applications.
The wafer manufacturing segment relates to the processing of bare silicon
wafers before they are delivered to semiconductor device manufacturers.
Some wafer manufacturers also provide epitaxy wafers – Si or SiC. As the
market for leading-edge solutions continues to grow, we remain focused
on supporting our customers, leveraging ASM’s strong track record of
innovation in semiconductor materials, hardware, and process
technologies. We enable their roadmaps, which are focused on
accelerating technology, improving manufacturing efficiencies, optimizing
costs, and sustainability.

Semiconductor value chain and manufacturing process
Making semiconductor chips at our customers’ fabs is complex and costly.
The fabs house a large set of wafer-processing equipment, which
performs a series of process steps on round silicon wafers, typically
300mm in diameter. The equipment operates in cleanrooms, where the air
is filtered to prevent small particles from causing contamination that could
affect the circuitry on the chips. Semiconductor manufacturing involves a
wide range of technical disciplines, including physics, electronics,
chemistry, plasma generation, gas‑flow dynamics, optics, and metrology.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Semiconductors: value chain & manufacturing process
834

119.2

32.4

Source: TechInsights (December 2025)

28.7

2,823

31.5

16.5

10.1

__

16

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

There are many steps to fabricating a semiconductor chip, involving
various types of wafer-processing equipment. These include:
• Deposition of thin-film layers on the starting wafer;
• Lithography to create patterns;
• Etching to remove material;
• Deposition of thin-film layers; and
• Planarization/polishing (CMP), cleaning and thermal treatments.
ASM’s systems are designed for deposition processes where thin films, or
layers, of various materials are grown or deposited onto the wafer. Many
different thin-film layers are deposited to complete the full sequence of
process steps to make a chip. These manufacturing facilities are referred
to as wafer-fabs or 'front-end' fabs. Next, the individual chips or dies on
the wafer are separated, tested, and packaged in a protective housing.
This happens in so-called 'packaging-fabs' or 'back-end fabs'.
The resulting packaged products are integrated into electronic end
products such as servers and smartphones, and many other consumer
devices – either directly or within printed circuit boards, or through other
advanced packaging (AP) solutions where multiple chips are packaged
with very dense interconnections.
In the relatively young AP space – which is expected to grow with a CAGR
of ~15% to 2030 – traditional back-end and front-end processes come
together. Here, integrated system performance gets enhanced – versus
using printed circuit boards – by directly joining different types of dies on
top of each other, or combining dies and/or packaged chips into a system
package, with very compact interconnections. AP uses multiple processing
steps and wafer level equipment based on front-end fab technologies.
ASM is intensifying its focus on AP to capitalize on one of the fastestgrowing segments of semiconductor equipment, aiming to double its
served available market (SAM) to approximately 30% of the AP market by
2030. By expanding its leadership in deposition and surface technologies
essential for 2.5D and 3D integration, ASM aims to enable next-generation
chip architectures and capture a significantly larger share of this rapidly
expanding market.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

17

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

18

GAA: key growth driver for ASM
From their invention in 1947 until the early 2010s,
planar transistors were the mainstream technology for
advanced semiconductor devices. In this design, the
gate electrode sits on top of a planar (semiconducting), epitaxially deposited silicon channel area.
Applying a charge to the gate controls electron flow,
forming one of the most important building blocks of
computer chips. For decades, improvements in device
speed and cost came from making the device smaller –
enabled by using new (smaller wavelength) light
sources for the lithography processes – and through
materials innovations such as high-k gate dielectrics
and strained silicon.
Over time, as transistor dimensions shrank, the
controllability of the gate electrostatics (unwanted
electric fields, which make the operation of the
transistor unreliable, or allow energy loss in the off
state, i.e. leakage) became more challenging.

Significant increase in ALD and Epi SAM
with move from GAA 2nm to 1.4nm

To address these issues, fin field-effect transistors
(FinFETs) were introduced around the 16nm node.
Unlike planar transistors, FinFETs wrap the gate
around the channel on three sides, improving control,
reducing leakage, and enabling continued scaling.
Over the following decade, the industry progressed
from 16nm FinFETs to 3nm FinFET node.
Beyond the 3nm node – the last generation for FinFET
technology – scaling introduced challenges similar to
those faced with planar transistors. To address these,
designers developed the GAA architecture, also known
as nanosheet transistors, where the gate completely
surrounds the channel. Multiple nanosheets are
stacked to deliver the required current, providing
better electrostatic control and scalability beyond
FinFET. Importantly, this architecture also allows for
scalability by opening a path to further transistor
stacking, i.e. Complementary FET (CFET) architecture,

where N-type and P-type gates are stacked on top of
each other.
2025 marked the ramp year for GAA devices, which
have now matured to the point where logic/foundry
manufacturers are achieving viable yields and
integrating this new transistor architecture into end
products. For ASM, this represents a major growth
opportunity. The smaller dimension and 3D
architecture of GAA devices, combined with the need
for tighter control, benefits from the adoption of
additional ALD and Epi steps.
As first outlined at our 2023 Investor Day, we are now
realizing US$400 million in additional ALD and Si Epi
SAM per 100,000 wafer starts per month (WSPM)
compared to the last FinFET node – firmly establishing
this as a significant and accelerating growth driver. In
the current environment of rapid AI expansion and new
product development, GAA-based transistors deliver

higher capability with lower energy consumption,
making them critical for future data centers and end
devices such as smartphones and PCs.
Looking ahead, GAA devices are here to stay, with
scaled versions expected to be used in the future
1.4nm and 1.0nm technology nodes, eventually
transitioning to CFET architectures, where N-type and
P-type GAA devices are vertically stacked on top of
each other. With each new GAA node, ALD and Epi
intensity will continue to increase to enable scaling,
drive performance, and reduce power consumption.
As outlined during our 2025 Investor Day, the
transition from 2nm GAA node to 1.4nm GAA node is
projected to drive an additional US$450-500 million in
SAM per 100,000 WSPM.
.

SW ALD layer count by node

Continued growth in ALD and Epi with transition to CFET devices

Mix of ALD layers

+US$450-500M

MIMCAP

60%
+US$400M

+US$450-500M

2nm
GAA

1.4nm
GAA

GAA
NMOS
PMOS

MIMCAP
BSPD

FinFET 3nm to GAA 2nm

50%

GAA 2nm to 1.4nm

GAA 1st Gen
2nm
2025

GAA 2nd Gen
1.4nm
2027

3nm
FinFET
GAA 3rd Gen
1.0nm
2029

CFET
0.7nm
2031

2nm
GAA

1.4nm
GAA

+US$400M

FEOL
MOL/BEOL/BS

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

19

DRAM: a new growth frontier
Market overview

Current architecture: 6F²

Peripheral CMOS transition

DRAM is undergoing a fundamental architectural shift
as scaling at advanced nodes becomes increasingly
challenging. Traditional dimensional shrinkage is
reaching physical and economic limits, making it
increasingly difficult to maintain performance and
density improvements through conventional methods.
As a result, the industry is moving towards materials
innovation and 3D architectures, creating
opportunities for companies with expertise in
advanced deposition technologies. This transition
aligns directly with ASM’s core strengths in ALD and
Epi, positioning us for significant growth beyond our
established leadership in logic/foundry.

Today’s DRAM uses a planar design, where the
memory cell (transistor + capacitor) and peripheral
CMOS circuitry sit side by side on the same plane.

The periphery is evolving in a way that mirrors logic’s
move to advanced transistor architectures – an area
where ASM is already the market leader. This creates
a natural extension of our proven solutions into DRAM.

Inflection point: 6F² → 4F²

The next generation introduces a vertical transistor
architecture, enabling higher density and performance.
This transition requires:
• Advanced epitaxy: New epitaxial layers for critical
transistor and contact structures.
• ALD dielectrics: Low-temperature processing for
capacitor and isolation layers.
These changes represent entirely new application
areas for ASM’s technologies and drive incremental
SAM growth.

DRAM inflections: 6F2 to 4F2

HBM is emerging as a critical enabler for AI and dataintensive applications, where memory bandwidth is a
key performance factor. HBM architectures stack
multiple DRAM dies vertically and integrates them with
logic through advanced interconnects, dramatically
increasing complexity and deposition intensity. These
demanding structures create significant opportunities
for ALD and Epi, where ASM’s precision and scalability
deliver clear differentiation. As AI adoption
accelerates, HBM is expected to be one of the fastestgrowing memory segments, reinforcing ASM’s position
in high-value markets.

DRAM inflections: CMOS peri from planar
to FinFET

4F2

+US$400-450M

HBM: Accelerating growth

Planar CMOS
6F2

ASM ALD and Epi SAM expansion for
100k WSPM
(US$ million)

FinFET CMOS

6F2 with planar CMOS
peri (D1d)

4F2 with FinFET CMOS
peri (D0b)

Strategic impact
• SAM Expansion: DRAM represents a sustained and
substantial increase in SAM – estimated at
US$400-450 million per 100,000 WSPM.
• Diversification: Expands ASM’s deposition business
beyond logic and foundry into memory.
• Long-term growth: This transition drives multi-year
growth through 2028–2030 and beyond,
establishing ASM as a key enabler of nextgeneration memory.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

4.3 Our product technologies
Our products include wafer-processing systems for ALD, Epi, PECVD, and
vertical furnaces. Since the acquisition of LPE in 2022, we also offer silicon
carbide epitaxy (SiC Epi) tools, and as of our 2025 acquisition of Axus, we
now offer Chemical Mechanical Polishing (CMP) systems. We continuously
drive the innovation of our products and services to address our customers’
technology needs, and the industry’s focus on reducing costs and
improving its environmental footprint.
Our development programs aim to increase throughput, make our
equipment more reliable, improve yield in our customers’ manufacturing
lines, reduce energy and resource intensity, and improve cost of
ownership. Our customers benefit from lower operating costs, as many of
our products use the same parts and consumables, while a common
control architecture improves ease of use.
Our single-wafer tools are designed for use on a common platform
architecture. The XP4 platform is a high-productivity, common 300mm
single-wafer platform that can be configured with up to four process

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

modules. The XP4 platform enables high-volume multi-chamber parallel
processing or the integration of sequential process steps on one platform.
Our XP8 platform follows the basic architectural standards of the XP4, but
it offers even higher productivity with up to 16 chambers integrated on a
single-wafer platform with a relatively small footprint. The XP8 platform
can be configured with four dual-chamber modules (DCM), enabling up to
eight integrated chambers, or with four quad chamber modules (QCM) for
up to 16 integrated chambers on the same platform. The XP8E variant now
enables customers to configure up to 6 DCMs and/or QCMs on one
system.

__

20

Such precision allows us to use materials that could not previously be
considered, and develop 3D structures vital to the future of electronics.
3D technology provides several benefits, including saving space while
delivering chips with higher performance that consume less power.
Many new applications are emerging where ALD is the technology of
choice. In some cases it is the only solution able to meet the challenging
technology requirements. For example, ALD high-k gates are now in
production for high-performance DRAM devices. We are seeing customers
wanting more ALD applications for each new technology node, driving high
growth in the ALD equipment market.

ALD
ASM is the leader in the fast-growing single-wafer ALD market – with a
market share of 55%+ (ASM estimate, Investor Day 2025). Using ALD
technology, we can scale devices to smaller dimensions while reducing the
power consumption of transistors. This helps the industry follow Moore’s
Law, and create smaller, more powerful semiconductors. ALD allows us to
deposit thin films, atom by atom, on silicon wafers. This means we can
deliver atomic-scale thickness control, high-quality deposition film
properties, and large area uniformity.

New applications include high-k metal gates for GAA transistors, high
aspect ratio gap-fill, underlayers for EUV lithography, metal ALD, selective
ALD, and others.
ASM has the broadest portfolio of ALD products with innovative ALD
reactor designs. Our strength in chemistries and applications using new
materials means our customers can meet advanced node technology
challenges. We offer systems capable of thermal ALD and plasma ALD.

ASM platforms and products

Chamber type

Surface
Modification

ALD

PEALD

PECVD

Diffusion
oxidation LPCVD

Epitaxy

Platform

XP8

XP4

Product

• Formis
• Formion

Process
application

• Oxide clean

Silicon carbide
epitaxy

XP8

XP8

XP8

Vertical furnace

XP4

Epsilon

• Pulsar
• EmerALD

• Synergis
• Valion
• Prominis
• Tession

• DCM
• QCM / JQCM
• Magma
• Arius

• DCM
• Arius

• SONORA
• A400 DUO

• Intrepid ES
• Intrepid ESA
• Previum

• Epsilon 2000

• PE1O6A
• PE2O8

• CS200-ia
• CS200-sa
• Aquarius

• High-k gate
dielectric
• Dipoles
• Metal gate layers

• Metal oxides
• Metal nitrides
• Metals
• Area selective
deposition

• Patterning layers
• Gate spacers and
liners
• Gap-fill

• Low-k and TEOS
oxide
• Silicon nitride
• Flowable carbon

• Diffusion,
oxidation
• Polysilicon
• Silicon oxide &
nitride
• Aluminum oxide

• Silicon channel
• Source/drain
layers
• CMOS wafers
• Analog/power

• Silicon channel
• Source/drain
layers
• CMOS wafers
• Analog/power

• Silicon carbide

• Metals
• Dielectric
• Substrates (Si,
SiC, Glass,
Compound Semi)

CMP
CAPSTONE

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

ALD tech explainer
Advantages of ALD

ALD cycle

ALD is the only deposition technology capable of
meeting the coverage and film-property requirements
for complex 3D structures, such as the 3D-NAND
example shown below. Compared to CVD methods,
ALD has unmatched capability to conformally cover 3D
structures with complex materials, with near-perfect
chemical composition and electrical properties control.

ALD is a surface-controlled layer-by-layer process
that deposits thin films one atomic layer at a time.
Layers form during ALD reaction cycles by alternately
pulsing precursors and oxidants, and purging byproducts with inert gas in between each pulse.

The graphic of the CVD A (1) case shows that the
deposited film (purple) does not fully cover the lower
portions of the structure. With some process
adjustments for the CVD B (2) case, coverage is
achieved but the film properties and chemical
composition are poor (blue) in the bottom area. The
ALD (3) graphic shows fully conformal coverage – and
due to ASM’s ALD technology methods, high-quality
and uniform film properties are achieved in all areas of
the structure.

ALD cycle

The repetition of these cycles results in layer-by-layer
growth of the deposited film. Because the ALD
process is self-limiting, due to the principle of surface
saturation, it produces films with uniform thickness,
even across varied surface topographies
(conformality). Film thickness is precisely controlled
by adjusting the number of ALD cycles.

Precursor

By-product
Purge

Step 0
Starting with a clean surface

Step 1

Step 2

Expose substrate to first precursor 'pulse'.
Precursor reacts with surface species and
attaches

Chamber purged to remove
first precursor and byproducts
Co-reactants

By-product

Purge

(1) Step coverage
not OK

(2) Step coverage
OK, but properties
not OK

(3) Step coverage,
composition, and
properties all OK

By repeating this process,
precise layers of material
are deposited in layers,
even with uneven surfaces.

Step 4
Chamber purged, completing first ALD
layer. Cycle repeated for each
additional layer

Step 3
Expose substrate to second precursor
(co-reactant) 'pulse' to convert
surface; often enhanced with plasma
energy

21

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

In PEALD, plasma is used to provide the reaction energy for the process,
enabling us to use lower temperatures for low-thermal budget
applications. This technology was originally introduced in DRAM and planar
NAND flash manufacturing for spacer-defined double patterning (SDDP).
In 2022, ASM acquired Reno Sub-Systems, a supplier of high-performance
RF matching networks and RF generators. RF power is used to generate
gaseous plasma in various semiconductor manufacturing processes.
Today’s complex devices require precise control over the RF power
delivered to the plasma reaction chamber, especially when depositing
material on atomic scale, such as for PEALD. Reno’s EVC (Electronically
Variable Capacitor) technology provides sub‑millisecond control over RF
power delivery, improving throughput and quality of the deposited film.
EVC technology, embedded in ASM’s plasma-based deposition equipment,
is an enabler for next-generation devices.
On our XP4 platform, we offer Pulsar and EmerALD single-chamber ALD
process modules for high-k dielectric, dipole and metal gate films
respectively. The Synergis ALD tool uses the XP8 platform with DCM
modules, and leverages the core technologies from our Pulsar and
EmerALD ALD products for high-productivity thermal ALD applications.
Synergis is available for a range of films, including high-k metal oxides,
metal nitrides, and metals.
Also on the XP8 common platform architecture, we offer PEALD processes
for a wide range of applications. The Eagle XP8 uses DCM module
configurations for high‑productivity silicon oxides, metal oxides, and
nitrides. Our XP8 QCM tool offers PEALD processing on quad chamber
modules for very high productivity. A wide range of silicon oxide and silicon
nitride process applications are available with the QCM tool.
Our XP8 QCM tool excels in the 3D-NAND high aspect ratio dielectric gapfill application. This is where silicon oxide films are deposited void-free in
deep trenches that are up to 100 times deeper than their width. In 2022,
we introduced TENZA ALD, an innovative process technology that
provides great film quality, conformal coverage through the full trench, and
the highest productivity in its class.

Financial statements

ASM’s XP8 QCM tool

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

22

Epi
Silicon epitaxy (Si Epi) is used for depositing precisely controlled crystalline
silicon-based layers, a critical process technology for creating advanced
transistors and memories. The Epi market is growing quickly, driven by
increased complexity for advanced node applications such as GAA
transistors. ASM has the number two share in the Epi equipment market. In
the transition from FinFET to GAA technology, we increased our market
share of Epi layer count from 22% to 33% (ASM estimate, Investor Day
2025). In addition to advanced transistor Epi applications, one of our
strengths in Epi is in the growing analog/power segment.
Our most advanced Epi tool is the Intrepid ES for transistor applications,
using our XP4 platform to configure up to four Intrepid reactors on the
same tool. Temperature control is extremely important in Epi reactors. We
have developed new methods of temperature control in our Intrepid ES Epi
tool that enable improved film performance and repeatability in volume
production. Intrepid’s closed-loop reactor temperature control brings
enhanced stability in production. Turino-CL is Intrepid’s new multi-point
pyrometer-based temperature-measurement system that further improves
temperature control performance.
For enhanced Epi film performance, we offer the Previum process module,
a pre-deposition wafer surface clean technology, integrated with Intrepid
epitaxy process modules. The surface clean process is used prior to the
epitaxy deposition to create a pristine silicon surface for defect-free
epitaxy film deposition. This is critical for achieving the most advanced
node transistor-performance requirements.
For silicon-based analog/power devices and wafer-manufacturing
applications, we offer our Intrepid ESA tool for 300mm silicon-based
epitaxy. The Intrepid reactor architecture allows for thick Epi deposition
n a single pass, a significant productivity benefit for our power and wafer
customers. For 200mm epitaxy applications, still relatively significant in
the analog/power market, we offer the Epsilon 2000 tool.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

23

Epi tech explainer
ASM’s innovations in Si Epi

Epitaxy (Epi) is a high-temperature deposition process
that requires precise temperature control to ensure
that a pristine crystalline film can be deposited.
The graphic below shows the steps in the Si Epi CVD
process that lead to the deposition of a crystalline film
with the same crystal structure as the material on
which the film is deposited. This process is crucial
for advanced semiconductor devices and its use is
increasing.

These films enhance electron mobility, enabling faster
transistor switching at lower power. By controlling
dopant (boron or phosphorous) concentrations, they
deliver just the right amount of electrical conductivity
required.
Creating a pristine crystalline layer is challenging, and
temperature control is one of the most critical factors
in advanced epitaxy deposition.

Among ASM's many epitaxy innovations, our Intrepid
ES and ESA products both utilize an isothermal
chamber as well as our proprietary Turino-CL direct
temperature measurement and feedback system to
monitor and manage temperature with high precision.
This is essential for producing the highest-quality
epitaxy for high-performance devices.

Whether deposited as a blanket film or selectively,
high-quality epitaxy films of silicon (Si), silicon
germanium (SiGe), silicon germanium boron (SiGe:B)
and silicon phosphorus (Si:P) play a key role in
semiconductor devices.

ASM has advanced the state of the art in temperature
control in our epitaxy tools, enabling improved film
performance and repeatability in volume production.

By using multiple pyrometers that directly measure the
temperature at the top surface of the wafer, we are
able to provide a higher-performance temperature-

Epi-process

control loop in our epitaxy systems, compared with
approaches that measure the susceptor temperature
and infer the wafer temperature from it. This translates
into better thickness uniformity control, faster ramps
for higher productivity, and lower energy consumption.
In addition to the productivity benefits, this precise
control has strengthened our position in epitaxy for the
current logic GAA transition and has demonstrated the
level of control required to support other applications
as they evolve and grow.

Turino-CL: extreme uniformity and productivity

Intrepid mono layer control

Edge
pyrometer

Thickness
(angstrom)

Precursor
Silicon surface

Step 1 - Transport of reactants

Step 2 - Adsorption of reactants

Carrier gas and precursor are
transported to wafer surface

Adsorption reactants on the
wafer surface

Middle
pyrometer

Center
pyrometer

By-product
Position on wafer
(mm)
Step 4 - Byproducts desorption and transport

Step 3 - Surface reactions

Desorption and transport of byproducts by
carrier gas

Reaction, migration, and
attachment to wafer surface

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

SiC Epi
ASM’s portfolio also includes silicon carbide epitaxy (SiC Epi) tools for
power and wafer applications. SiC devices provide greater battery life and
a longer range for EVs. Because of its wide band gap, SiC operates
efficiently at high voltages, enabling higher power efficiency, increased
power density – resulting in reduced component weight and size – and
faster battery-charging times.
In 2024, we announced the release of the PE2O8, a 6" or 8" single wafer
epitaxy tool with dual chambers that delivers benchmark process
uniformity and high throughput. The transition to 200mm SiC represents a
major technology inflection, one that particularly favors single‑wafer
reactors like ASM’s, as achieving precise deposition thickness and material
uniformity becomes significantly more challenging at the 200mm scale.

Chemical Mechanical Polishing (CMP)
ASM’s portfolio now includes CMP systems following the acquisition of
Axus in December 2025. Based in Chandler, Arizona, Axus supplies CMP
equipment for compound semiconductors and More-than-Moore (MtM)
manufacturing. CMP is a key technology that is complementary to our
strengths in interface engineering and chemistry. This becomes
increasingly important as CMP leverages chemical aspects with 3D
integration. Additionally, it is complementary to our deposition processes
such as high performance PECVD functional films. Axus Capstone CMP’s
differentiated tool architecture enables higher process footprint density
with superior process control for improved performance, productivity, and
cost of ownership benefits.

PECVD and vertical furnaces
ASM is also active in the vertical furnace and plasma-enhanced CVD
(PECVD) market segments. While these are each large segments, we are
focused on niche portions of the market.
Vertical furnaces use a batch configuration. This means a large number of
wafers are processed at the same time for productivity and cost savings.
We design our furnace tools with dual-batch reactors for even more
productivity. A wide range of process applications are available on our
furnace tools, including LPCVD, oxidation, diffusion, and cure.
Our furnace tools include the SONORA vertical furnace for 300mm logic/
foundry and memory applications, as well as 300mm analog/power.

Financial statements

Appendix

SONORA has been placed with leaders in advanced logic, and power device
manufacturing. We also offer the A400 DUO vertical furnace for 200mm and
smaller wafers, targeting analog/power, RF, and MEMS applications.
In PECVD, our key position is on low-k for advanced logic interconnects.
PECVD processes are offered on our high-productivity XP8 platform. Our
Dragon XP8 PECVD tool addresses a broad range of dielectric films for
various low-temperature deposition applications, such as interconnect
layers, gap-fill, passivation layers, and etch stop layers.
Visit our website for more information about our product technology.

Spares & Services
All ASM’s technologies described above come in the form of sophisticated
and complex systems that ship to our worldwide customers. These
systems are installed at their fabs, operating alongside other equipment in
the process flow used to manufacture microchips.
Naturally our service capabilities and performance are key factors in our
customer's equipment-selection process. When customers choose ASM
systems, their choice is based largely on how our systems have performed
on a very limited scale – either within our demo labs or during a single
system evaluation at the customer site. Once they choose to ramp into
production with ASM, they place significant trust in our ability to meet their
needs and enable their success. Failing a customer during a production
ramp could create significant problems for them.
This is where ASM's Spares & Services team comes in. We work on
installing the tool in the customer fab, and help to start them up so the tool
can perform – with a view to having them in production 24/7 for 20+ years,
no matter where they are in the world.
In the past few years, our Spares & Services has grown its support beyond
making sure trained maintenance staff and spare parts are available, and
systems are running. Today, ASM provides what we call outcome-based
services. The aim is to draw out ever-greater performance from our
installed base of systems, through engineering-based improvements to the
parts and procedures we use. This can deliver improvements such as
fewer defects, longer parts and system life, better film uniformities, more
process repeatability, and, ultimately, lower operating costs for our
customers.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

24

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

25

Spares & Services: a strategic engine for growth and innovation
Interview with Allen D'Ambra – Business Unit Head ASM Global Spares & Services
Can you describe your role at ASM and the key areas
you have been focused on so far?
I lead the Business Unit responsible for ASM’s Global
Spares & Services organization, which has evolved
into one of the company’s key engines for growth. In
recent years, our team has transformed this area from
a primarily transactional operation into a strategic pillar
that delivers high‑value support to customers
operating at the most advanced technology nodes.
Our focus has been on driving innovation and
expanding our capabilities – developing
next‑generation service solutions that enable our
customers' high‑volume manufacturing with the
precision, reliability, and sustainability our industry
requires.
What is ASM’s strategy in Spares & Services?
Our strategy centers on outcome-based services.
Historically, service meant delivering parts and field
support. Today, we guarantee tool performance and
uptime, wafer quality, and reduced cost of ownership.

This approach is a win-win as it creates measurable
value for customers and recurring revenue for ASM.
Can you give an example of such outcome-based
services?
One of our most successful examples is complete kit
management (CKM). Developed in recent years, CKM
streamlines the maintenance process to make it faster,
more efficient, and more cost effective. This is done
through smart planning and proactive maintenance,
combining the repair, replacement, assembly and
testing of multiple tool parts into a single, coordinated
service event. In this way, it significantly reduces total
system downtime for maintenance and extends the
time between maintenance intervals through
advanced cleans and surface modifications of parts,
returning these parts to “as new” condition. This, in
turn, helps our customers keep their tools running at
peak performance while reducing operational costs.
CKM also offers clear sustainability benefits: instead of
defaulting to new parts, CKM prioritizes the repair,
refurbishment, and cleaning of used components for
reuse. (Refer to section 15.4 for more information on
the sustainability benefits of CKM).

“Spares & Services has shifted from transactional support
to a technology engine of value – delivering guaranteed
performance, measurable efficiency gains, and
meaningful sustainability benefits for our customers.”

How does automation fit into your vision?
Automation is essential for micron-level precision in
part placement, which is required for angstrom-level
process control. Manual placement simply cannot
achieve the accuracy needed for advanced nodes.
We’ve introduced robotic systems equipped with
closed-loop vision technology to ensure perfect
alignment during maintenance. This not only improves
reactor performance and wafer quality but also drives
efficiency in customer fabs. Automation is a
cornerstone of our ability to support increasingly
complex architectures like gate-all-around and
advanced DRAM memory nodes.

Spares & Services revenue

CAGR > 12%

What growth do you expect for Spares & Services?
We see tremendous potential. At ASM’s Investor Day in
2025, we introduced a target to grow Spares &
Services revenue at a CAGR of over 12% through
2030, driven by the continued expansion of our
installed base and our broadening portfolio of new
solutions. By 2030, more than 50% of our revenue in
this segment will come from outcome-based services.
Innovation remains central to our strategy with
differentiated solutions creating more value for our
customers as device complexity increases. Our Spares
& Services is not just about maintenance – it’s about
enabling the future of advanced semiconductor
manufacturing.

2024

2025

2030

Outcome-based (including new solutions)
Transactional

How did Global Spares & Services perform in 2025?
I’m very proud of how our team delivered another
strong year of growth in 2025. Total Spares & Services
sales increased by 19% at constant currencies, despite
a high comparison base in 2024 when our sales
benefited from accelerated demand in the Chinese
market.
Outcome‑based services were once again the driver of
this performance, growing from 20% in 2024 to 25% of
total sales in 2025. Importantly, we also advanced the
expansion of our service product portfolio, including
the increased use of AI/ML tools to support preventive
maintenance.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

26

5. Engaging our customers closely and early
ASM is committed to giving customers the best products and
services, helping them achieve their device and process
technology goals. ASM has an unwavering dedication to
innovation, and works with customers closely and early in each
development cycle to make sure our products meet their
roadmap requirements, with service teams on hand at global
fabs providing ongoing equipment and process support.

We focus on value creation for our customers, continuously improving our
products to support their technology roadmaps, increase productivity,
lower operating costs per wafer, and enable next-generation chips.
A key goal of our customers is to build faster, cheaper, and increasingly
more powerful semiconductors with reduced power consumption for each
new technology node. We collaborate with them closely to make this
happen, forging mutually beneficial partnerships to help develop nextgeneration technologies. Through our intensive R&D programs and
customer co-development, we continuously improve and extend the
capability of our products and processes to meet these advanced
technology roadmaps.
Critical to our success is close and early collaboration with leading
customers and suppliers, global research institutions, such as imec, and
key universities. Having our R&D, engineering, and service professionals
engage in these close and early collaborations also drives us to keep on
pushing boundaries, and to continue to focus on advancing new cuttingedge innovations, aiming to stay ahead of what’s next. The result is value
creation for our customers.
Continuously developing and maintaining strong relationships underpins
mutual progress, and ASM engages with our customers throughout our
organization:

• Our account teams are close to our customers’ fabs for day-to-day

Customer recognition

interaction in sales, product and process support, spare parts, etc., and
are providing support for our customers’ production ramps.
• Our product development and technical product-support groups,
meanwhile, engage with customers on issues in manufacturing,
product-improvement projects, joint development programs, and
discussions about requirements for next-generation technology
roadmaps.
• Periodic customer and ASM executive meetings serve to strengthen our
business relationships and shared commitments.

In 2025, ASM received 35 customer awards globally, reflecting the
continued trust customers place in our technology, collaboration, and
service excellence. In the first quarter, we were honored with Intel’s EPIC
Award, recognizing outstanding performance across development and
manufacturing. In the third quarter, we received a Best Collaboration
Award from a major memory manufacturer for jointly advancing
productivity performance. Later in the year, a leading foundry recognized
ASM with its Best Team Support Award for our strong partnership in
enabling a successful fab ramp-up.

We also engage with customers through supplier scorecards, which
provide a structured and transparent way to measure and improve our
performance across key areas such as quality, delivery, sustainability, and
innovation. These scorecards enable us to align closely with our
customers’ expectations, identify opportunities for continuous
improvement, and ensure accountability throughout our organization. By
actively reviewing and responding to scorecard feedback, we strengthen
collaboration and reinforce our commitment to delivering exceptional value
and supporting our customers’ long-term goals.

Across China, customers presented ASM with 19 awards in areas such as
service, installation and qualification, technical support, and safety. Safety
excellence remained a global priority, with ASM receiving 19 customer
safety awards in 2025 for disciplined execution, strong risk management,
and consistent on-site performance.

ASM is continuing to focus on strengthening our quality organization and
processes to support our product performance, customers’ goals in fab
operations, and efficiencies. We serve society by helping our customers
produce chips for the advanced electronics that deliver improvements and
opportunities across many aspects of our lives. While doing so, we work at
the edge of what is technologically possible, creating an attractive
professional and learning environment for our employees, and generating
long-term value for all our stakeholders.
We engage with – and are responsive and committed to addressing – the
broad range of our customers’ sustainability expectations, including
detailed inquiries and periodic audits. To expand our contribution and
impact, we collaborate with our customers on sustainability topics
wherever possible.

“Our customers are at the heart of our innovation – together
we develop the technologies that shape the next generation of
semiconductors.”

Srini Vedula
Senior VP Global Sales

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

6. Our business model
Customer collaboration / supplier collaboration / university & research institute collaboration

1

2

3

4

Focus on sustainability in our own operations, with suppliers and customers
Phase 1
Materials and early R&D

Phase 2
Product development & evaluations

ASM’s business model is built on early‑stage R&D,
innovation, and broad customer collaboration. Our
Helsinki labs pioneer new materials and precursor
chemistries, working closely with imec,
universities, suppliers, and strategic customers.
This early engagement accelerates breakthrough
innovation and ensures that ASM technologies
align with emerging device architectures and
long‑term industry roadmaps.

Early collaborations are especially valuable during
new product development, when systems and
processes are designed to meet customer
roadmap requirements. Alongside technical
performance and cost of ownership, sustainability
targets are integral to product design.
Increasingly, new applications are also developed
through joint projects with customers. As
technologies progress toward maturity, ASM often
places evaluation tools at key customer sites to
demonstrate performance and further refine
equipment and process capability.

Phase 3
Product introduction
& high-volume manufacturing (HVM)

Phase 4
Lifecycle optimization
& outcome-based services

After successful evaluations and production-toolof-record (PTOR) selection, ASM transitions
products into HVM. ASM’s Global Operations scale
efficiently to support customer ramps, while
service and process teams strengthen on‑site
support to ensure throughput, yield, and cost
targets. This phase focuses on operational
stability, rapid issue resolution, and predictable
performance as customers reach full HVM output.

As tools mature in production, ASM enhances lifecycle
value through continuous improvement, innovation,
and advanced spares & services. Outcome‑based
solutions, such as CKM, help increase uptime, reduce
maintenance‑related downtime, and improve wafer
quality. Automation and predictive‑control tools
enable angstrom‑level precision and stronger process
stability. Sustainability is reinforced through repair,
refurbishment, and extended part lifecycles. In this
way, ASM delivers long‑term reliability, lower cost of
ownership, and sustained value for customers.

27

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Strategy and
performance
7. Strategy

29

8. How we create value for our stakeholders

32

9. CFO message

34

10. Financial performance

38

11. Interview with the Chief HR Officer

48

12. Leading-edge innovation

52

13. Operational excellence

61

14. Sustainability highlights

64

__

28

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

7. Strategy

ASM Annual Report 2025

Core values

Best-practice
behaviors ACE

We Care

We are a leading innovator in the semiconductor industry. Our
success stems from a sharp focus on the industry’s key
challenges, enabling us to deliver meaningful value to
customers, employees, investors, and all stakeholders. At the
same time, we continue to bring our breakthrough technologies
into volume manufacturing.
We operate in a fast-moving industry and an ever-changing world. That's
why our core values – We Care, We Innovate, We Deliver – are the
cornerstones of who we are, what we believe, and how we act. We
prioritize a workplace built on Accountability, Collaboration and
Empowerment (ACE) – behaviors that support our values and enable our
culture. As our industry evolves at speed, these principles guide us in
staying ahead of what's next.
Our purpose is to improve people's lives by advancing technologies that
unlock new potential. Our mission is to enable our customers’ success
through leading-edge semiconductor process products, services, and new
materials.

Key elements and enablers of our strategy
Our strategy is based on the following six strategic objectives:
1. Maintain leading share in ALD for logic/foundry and grow
share in DRAM/HBM memory Our ALD business is a key strategic
priority, and we aim to grow it by maintaining leadership in logic/foundry
and expanding in memory. The ALD market is expected to remain one of
the fastest-growing segments in deposition in the coming years, with
requirements increasing at each node. We are focused on maintaining
our leading position in the logic/foundry segment, and increasing our
market share in memory, particularly in high-performance DRAM for AIrelated high-bandwidth memory (HBM) applications. We estimate that
the single-wafer ALD market will grow from US$3.0 billion in 2024 to
US$5.1-6.1 billion by 2030, and our goal is to sustain a market share
above 55%.

2. Continue to grow in epitaxy Silicon epitaxy has become a second
growth engine in our product portfolio. Our Intrepid product has enabled
significant progress in the advanced CMOS part of the Epi market, while
increasing our presence in the analog/power market. In R&D, we are
working with multiple customers on new Epi applications for the next
nodes, further capturing inflections in leading-edge logic/foundry, while
also addressing opportunities in high-performance DRAM. We estimate
the Si Epi market will increase from US$1.5 billion in 2024 to US$2.5-3.2
billion in 2030.
3. Grow applications in advanced packaging market AP is a key
mid-term growth opportunity for ASM, driven by the convergence of
front-end and back-end processes and the increasing complexity of
semiconductor architectures. The wafer fab equipment market in AP is
projected to nearly double by 2030, growing at a 15% CAGR. Trends
towards finer pitches in packaging solutions align with ASM’s proven
expertise in chemistry, interface engineering, and surface preparation.
Examples include advanced ALD layers for TSV applications and surface
modification solutions for improved bonding. ASM currently addresses
about 15% of the serviceable market and aims to expand this to >30%
by 2030 – positioning us to capture growth and deliver innovation in
next-generation semiconductor packaging.
4. Grow high-value outcome-based services We are growing our
Spares & Services business by focusing on our differentiated outcomebased services. These services deliver a clear, quantifiable result at a
much lower cost than the value brought to them. One example is our
complete kit management (CKM) program, which improves tool uptime
in our customers’ fabs, and drives operational cost savings. As part of
this offering, we have also developed innovative parts-cleaning
technologies. We aim for a solid CAGR of more than 12% in Spares &
Services sales over the period 2024-2030, with outcome-based
services increasing to more than half of total sales by 2030.

__

Accountability

We Innovate

Collaboration

We Deliver

Empowerment

Purpose
Improve people’s lives by advancing technologies
that unlock new potential

Maintain
leading share in
ALD for logic/foundry
and grow share
in DRAM/HBM
memory

Continue to
grow in Epi

Grow
applications
in advanced
packaging
market

Strategic
objectives

Drive operational
excellence, flexible
footprint, and
strong financial
performance

Grow high-value
outcome-based
services

Accelerate
progress
in sustainability

Mission
Enable our customers’ success by creating leading-edge
semiconductor process products, services, and new materials

Strategy enablers
• Best people
• Leading-edge innovation
• Early customer engagements

• Flawless operational
excellence
• Strong financial position

29

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

5. Accelerate progress in sustainability We aim to be sustainability
leaders within our industry. In 2025, we launched our Sustainability
Strategy 2030, setting quantified targets. Our Climate Transition Plan
maps the path to achieving our Net Zero by 2035 target. Today, our
operations are powered by 100% renewable electricity, significantly
reducing ASM’s environmental footprint. As the continued chair of the
Semiconductor Climate Consortium, we drive industry-wide
collaboration for an accelerated path of climate action. The introduction
of our first Human Rights policy reinforces our commitment to ethical
and responsible business practices. With a focus on transparency and
innovation, we continue to deliver progress and value for stakeholders.

6. Drive operational excellence, flexible footprint, and strong
financial performance Healthy profitability will allow us to continue
investing in growth. In 2025, we launched new, higher targets for
2026-2030. We target gross margins in a range of between 47% and
51%, an operating margin of 28% to 32%, and more than 30% by 2030,
and a free cash flow of more than €1 billion by 2030. We continue to
invest in a robust and flexible global footprint, both in R&D and
manufacturing. Examples are the completion in 2025 of our new
manufacturing and innovation center in Korea, the ongoing construction
of our expanded R&D facility in Arizona, and the announced expansion
in the Netherlands.

Our five strategic enablers
To be able to realize our strategy and strategic objectives, we identified
five critical enablers, around which all our activities are focused:
1. Best people Our people are at the heart of ASM's success. We strive
to create a safe, inclusive, inspiring, and motivating workplace where
employees can use their talents, excel, and realize their potential as we
work together to deliver the cutting-edge technologies of tomorrow. As
our workforce rapidly expands, we are focusing on strengthening ASM.
This means developing our talent pool with more long-term career
progression and training. At the same time, we are strengthening and
unifying our culture, based on our core values – We Care, We Innovate,
We Deliver – and our ACE behaviors (Accountability, Collaboration,
Empowerment).

Financial statements

Appendix

2. Leading-edge innovation Continuous innovation is at the core of our
growth strategy, providing ASM with a leading technological advantage.
With R&D centers in seven countries, we have helped shape today's
leading-edge semiconductor products by driving innovation through our
collaborative R&D models. We are also making capital investments in lab
space and equipment to expand our development capabilities in nextgeneration technologies. Beyond our internal R&D efforts, we are
growing and deepening our strategic cooperation with key customers,
suppliers, chemical manufacturers, and research institutes.
3. Early customer engagements We have built strong customer
relationships with leading semiconductor manufacturers, working
closely together in the early stages of their device roadmaps. By
expanding and deepening our R&D engagements with chipmakers, we
have gained a deep understanding of the key requirements for nextgeneration device roadmaps. This insight enables us to develop valueadded solutions that address the industry’s critical technology
challenges.
4. Flawless operational excellence While technology leadership
remains crucial, operational excellence is equally essential to strengthen
our future position. We aim to provide our customers with dependable,
leading-edge products and services that consistently perform at the
highest level, while providing the best total cost of ownership.
5. Strong financial position We strive to maintain a strong balance
sheet that allows us to continue investing in R&D and the growth of our
company. To this end, our target is to maintain a minimum amount of
€800 million in cash on our balance sheet.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

30

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

We discover new
materials so others can
discover new
opportunities.

In today’s world, semiconductors are at the
heart of everything we do. From personal
connections to community-building and from
accelerating businesses to protecting the
planet – the innovations we pioneer at ASM
improve people’s lives around the world. With
breakthrough materials that change what’s
possible at the atomic scale, we engineer the
tiniest building blocks that let bright minds
everywhere power tomorrow’s greatest
achievements.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

31

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

32

8. How we create value for our stakeholders
Our purpose is to improve people's lives through advancing
technologies that unlock new potential. We serve society by
helping our customers produce chips for the advanced
electronics that deliver improvements and opportunities across
many aspects of our lives, as well as the planet. Our innovations
and leading-edge technologies, such as our ALD products,
continue to enable our customers and our industry to develop
faster and more energy-efficient semiconductors.

Innovation is in our DNA. We work at the edge of what is technologically
possible, creating an attractive professional and learning environment for
our people. As we aspire to be an employer of choice for current and
future talent, we remain focused on continuously improving the employee
experience. Our 2025 employee engagement survey achieved a response
rate of 95%. On diversity and inclusion, we continued our focus on
increasing the participation rate of women across the organization, in line
with our ambition for a more diverse workforce. At the end of 2025,
women represented 18% of our workforce (2024: 18%).

Accelerating sustainability remains one of the pillars of our strategy. ASM's
sustainability focus areas are Innovation, People, Planet, Responsible
supply chain, and Governance. Within Planet, we continue to prioritize
climate response. Following the announcement of our Net Zero by 2035
ambition in 2021 and the verification of our net-zero targets by the Science
Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in 2023, we advanced the execution of our
Climate Transition Plan. Building on the inaugural plan published in 2024,
we further strengthened internal governance, data maturity, and crossfunctional ownership to support implementation, including deeper
engagement on Scope 3 emissions. We continue to collaborate closely
with stakeholders across our value chain, with the ambition to drive faster
and more meaningful progress on today's environmental challenges. A key
example remains our leading role in co-founding the Semiconductor
Climate Consortium (SCC), where we continued to serve as chairperson in
2025 and actively shape sector-wide climate action.

In safety, our focus is on prevention, supported by a strong safety
leadership culture across all roles. This means we strive to prevent all
incidents and injuries, regardless of severity or impact, by emphasizing the
prevention and the elimination of exposure to harm. In 2025, our total
recordable injury rate was 0.13 (2024: 0.24), achieving our 2030 target
ahead of schedule. Our focus now is to consistently maintain performance
below 0.15 going forward. In parallel, we continued to invest in learning,
leadership development, and well-being initiatives in 2025, supporting
long-term capability building, employee retention, and a resilient
organizational culture as ASM continues to grow. We also support safe
operations at customer sites through product-safety practices,
contributing to a safe environment wherever our equipment is used in
production.

To further accelerate our sustainability journey, we continued to embed
sustainability across the organization, integrating stronger environmental
considerations into our product portfolio. In 2025, additional equipment
innovations focused on improving energy efficiency and conserving
resources, helping reduce environmental impact across the semiconductor
value chain. Through these efforts, we aim not only to minimize our own
footprint, but also to enable our customers to reduce their environmental
impact as their technologies scale.

Our mission is to enable our customers' success. We focus on creating
value by continuously improving our products to support their technology
roadmaps, lower cost of ownership, and enable next-generation chips.
Close and early collaboration with customers is critical to this success,
supported by service teams that provide ongoing equipment and process
support. To expand our contribution and impact, we deepened
collaboration with customers on sustainability topics in 2025, including
joint efforts to improve the energy and resource efficiency of our products.
Early-stage development and co-innovation increasingly incorporated
sustainability considerations alongside performance reliability, and cost
requirements throughout the product lifecycle.

Our suppliers are key partners in our growth. As ASM continues to expand
its global footprint, opportunities for our suppliers increase accordingly. We
strengthened our global supply chain in 2025 to support technology
development, capacity needs, flexibility, and sustainability. Together with
our suppliers, we can create positive impact for our stakeholders, the
planet, and society overall, well beyond our individual scale. By aligning
expectations, sharing best practices, and working collaboratively on
continuous improvement, we aim to scale responsible practices across our
supply base as our business grows. We remain focused on building a
sustainable and responsible supply chain, with particular attention to
worker safety, environmental footprint, and respect for human rights.
As part of our responsible supply chain efforts, we strengthened our
supplier-engagement framework. This includes enhanced due-diligence
practices and capacity-building programs that help suppliers align with our
stringent environmental and social responsibility standards. By fostering a
culture of continuous improvement, we ensure that sustainability remains a
shared goal across our entire value chain. In 2025, this approach
supported greater transparency, consistency, and accountability across
key sustainability-risk areas.
We create value for our shareholders by focusing on long-term,
sustainable growth. Leveraging our advanced technologies and our
positions in fast-growing markets such as ALD, our target is to deliver
average annual revenue growth of more than 12% over the 2024–2030
period, with healthy operating margins in a range of 28%-32% over this
period, and exceeding 30% by 2030. We aim to maintain a strong financial
position, with capital-allocation priorities centered on investing in the
growth of our business. We remain committed to our sustainable dividend
policy and to returning excess cash to our shareholders.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

8.1 Our value-creation model
Capital

Input

Financial

• €1,027 million cash

Output

Value creation stage
Core values

position, no debt
• €218 million capex

Best-practice
behaviors ACE

We Care

Accountability

We Innovate

Collaboration

We Deliver

Empowerment

Impact

• €3,173 million revenue (+8%
yoy)

• 51.8% gross margin
• €434 million free cash flow

Our financial health enables longterm value creation and attractive
shareholder returns

Strategic objectives
Innovation

• 27% of employees in R&D
• Gross R&D spending of
€512 million
• 8 R&D centers globally
• Partnership with imec and
University of Helsinki

Maintain
leading share in
ALD for logic/foundry
and grow share
in DRAM/HBM
memory

Grow
applications
in advanced
packaging
market

• 3,953 patents in force (+16%)
• Leading position in ALD
technology

Our innovations in deposition
technology enable next-gen
semiconductors that contribute to
the digital and sustainable
advancement of society

Purpose

People

Planet

• 4,519 employees
• 70 nationalities
• 18% women

• 89,510 MWh total
electricity consumption,
100% of which from
renewable sources
• €1,184.2 million in materials
and supplies spend

Continue to
grow in Epi

Improve people’s lives
by advancing
technologies

Drive operational
excellence, flexible
footprint, and
strong financial
performance

Grow high-value
outcome-based
services

• €591.9 million personnel
expenses

• 41,780 technical training hours
• 0.13 total recordable injury rate

Creating a dynamic, inclusive, and
safe workplace where innovation can
thrive and personal growth is
encouraged

Accelerate
progress in
sustainability

Mission
Enable our customers’ success by creating leading-edge
semiconductor process products, services, and new materials

• 5.5 kilotonnes CO2e (marketbased) Scope 1 and 2 GHG
emissions
• 3,168 tonnes non-hazardous
waste, of which 81% is reused
or recycled

Contributing to global sustainability
efforts through responsible resource
stewardship, fully powered by
renewable electricity since 2024

33

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

34

9. CFO message1
“Another year of doubledigit growth, driven by
accelerating AI demand.”

Against a backdrop of mixed market conditions, ASM
continued to deliver strong financial results in 2025.
AI was the key growth area, fueling investment in the new
gate-all-around node and advanced DRAM. Our operating
result as reported improved by 17% due to continued
double-digit revenue growth (at constant currencies) with
higher gross margin and strict cost control, even with a
further increase in R&D investments. Our financial position
remains in good shape, supported by continued strong
free cash flow in 2025.

Another year of double-digit performance amidst mixed market
conditions
ASM’s revenue increased to a new record-high level of €3.2 billion in 2025.
This represents 12% growth at constant currencies, marking our ninth
consecutive year of double‑digit growth. On a reported basis, revenue
grew 8%, reflecting a negative currency impact – most notably from the
depreciation of the US dollar. The semiconductor end market increased by
a solid 14%, but as in 2024, growth remained uneven across segments.
Demand in AI‑related markets continued to accelerate, while other end
markets showed a more subdued development.
In 2025, the semiconductor market was again primarily driven by
investments in AI. Surging demand was underscored by a series of
multi‑year strategic partnerships announced by leading AI companies to
expand data-center capacity. This has fueled strong demand for advanced
logic/foundry devices such as GPUs, as well as high‑bandwidth memory
(HBM) DRAM solutions. ASM is well positioned to benefit from these
trends, as next‑generation logic/foundry and DRAM devices increasingly
require more ALD and Epi process steps.

Paul Verhagen
Member of the
Management Board and
Chief Financial Officer

Other parts of the semiconductor market, however, continued to face
headwinds from economic uncertainty, sluggish consumer spending, and
1

geopolitical tensions. The recovery in major end markets such as
smartphones and PCs remained relatively slow. Automotive and industrial
markets were in a cyclical downturn throughout 2025. In addition,
uncertainty related to trade tariffs – including potential effects on
end‑customer demand – added another layer of pressure to the sector
during the year.
With 12% growth at constant currencies, ASM performed broadly in line
with the WFE market in 2025. We delivered particularly strong growth in
the advanced logic/foundry segment as customers ramped their 2nm
capacity, and we recorded healthy growth in advanced AI‑related DRAM
solutions. These gains were partly offset by lower revenue in China and
ongoing weakness in the power/analog/wafer segment. Our Spares &
Services business once again delivered strong double‑digit growth for the
full year.

GAA: the main growth driver for ASM
The key growth driver for ASM in 2025 was our advanced logic/foundry
business. The strong momentum that began in the second half of 2024 –
when our customers moved into 2nm high‑volume manufacturing –
continued throughout 2025. Although quarterly trends varied across
customers, we delivered substantial double‑digit full-year growth in our
2nm‑related sales.
In addition to significant capacity investments by multiple customers, our
performance in this segment benefited from increased share of wallet in
the transition from 3nm to the new 2nm GAA technology node. With our
customers now in volume manufacturing, we confirmed the served
available market expansion of approximately US$400 million (based on
100k monthly wafer starts of capacity).
The complexity of the GAA transistor architecture drove a meaningful
increase in ALD intensity. We successfully maintained our strong

Figures labelled as ‘adjusted’ or percentages presented ‘at constant currencies’ are non‑IFRS measures. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the table at the end of section 10.1, and
definitions can be found in Chapter 34, ‘Non‑IFRS financial performance measures’.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

leadership position in ALD during this transition. The GAA node also
increased the importance of epitaxy as an enabling technology. Leveraging
the advantages of our Intrepid ES tool, we broadened our customer base
and approximately doubled our market share of the leading-edge Epi
market to 25% over the past few years.
Based on public commentary from several of our customers, the 2nm
technology node is expected to be large and long‑lasting, powering the
next generations of AI, high‑performance computing, and smartphone
chips.

Decline in China sales, but milder than forecast
Entering 2025, we had expected China demand to normalize after two
years of exceptionally strong growth. However, as the year progressed,
demand proved more resilient than anticipated. Ultimately, China
equipment sales as a share of total ASM revenue even exceeded the high
end of the low‑to‑high 20s percentage range we had guided for at the start
of the year. For the full year, total revenue from China still decreased, but
the decline was milder than expected, reflecting a strong first half followed
by a softer second half. Revenue in China in 2025 was primarily driven by
mature logic/foundry customers. While ASM’s involvement in the older
nodes is relatively limited, the large number of new mature logic/foundry
fab projects in China still resulted in a meaningful contribution to sales.
Revenue from memory customers in China – typically a smaller market for
ASM but unusually strong in 2024 – declined markedly in 2025. The
contribution from power/analog/wafer customers, an important segment
for ASM in China, also remained subdued due to the global downturn in
this market. Toward the end of 2025, we began to see an uptick in demand
from Chinese customers. For 2026, we expect revenue from China to
increase, consistent with our communication at the time of the Q4 2025
results publication.
In the longer term, we continue to expect China’s relative contribution to
moderate. This reflects both a more measured growth outlook in China
following an elevated period of expansion, and stronger growth prospects
for ASM in advanced technology inflections in other geographies. A
remaining risk factor is the possibility of future export control measures,
which could further limit our available market in China.

Financial statements

Appendix

“We delivered on our 2025
financial targets, and set
new, higher goals for
2030.”
Robust demand in HBM DRAM, lower sales in China and NAND
Conditions in the memory end‑markets strengthened substantially over the
course of 2025. Accelerating AI‑driven demand for HBM DRAM, combined
with limited capacity additions in recent years, resulted in shortages and
significant price increases toward the end of the year.
ASM continued to expand its position in memory step by step. We have
established a leadership position in high‑k metal‑gate ALD solutions for
advanced DRAM devices – an area that benefits directly from strong AI
momentum. Advanced DRAM, especially for HBM applications in AI data
centers, delivered healthy growth and accounted for most of our memory
sales in 2025.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

35

Power/analog market in a downturn
The power/analog/wafer segment experienced a double‑digit decline in
sales in 2025. In 2024, sales of silicon‑based products in this segment had
already fallen sharply, while silicon carbide epitaxy (SiC Epi) continued to
grow. In 2025, however, the overall decline was mainly driven by a drop of
more than 50% in SiC Epi sales, following a slowdown in EV end markets.
We expect some improvement in the power/analog/wafer business –
excluding silicon carbide – during the course of 2026, although the pace of
recovery remains difficult to predict and will depend on broader economic
and market conditions. A recovery in SiC is likely to take longer and is not
expected in 2026. Nonetheless, we believe ASM remains well positioned in
SiC Epi given our competitive portfolio, including the PE2O8 tool launched
in 2024.
At constant currencies, our equipment sales increased by 10%. As in 2024,
our ALD product lines remained the primary growth driver, and accounted
for clearly more than half of our equipment sales in 2025. This was
supported by solid demand from both the logic/foundry and advanced
DRAM segments. Our overall Si Epi sales were relatively stable, reflecting a
balance between strong GAA‑related Epi demand and lower sales for Epi
applications in the power/analog/wafer markets. Vertical furnace sales
declined by a double-digit percentage in 2025, mirroring the softer market
conditions in the power/analog/wafer segment.

Strong growth in Spares & Services
Our total memory revenue decreased to 16% of equipment sales in 2025,
compared with 25% in 2024. The solid momentum in advanced DRAM was
more than offset by a sharp decline in memory‑related sales in China, as
noted earlier. In addition, NAND revenue – still relatively robust in 2024 –
declined in 2025.
Looking ahead, we remain focused on increasing our exposure to the
memory markets. We expect advanced DRAM investments to continue
rising in 2026. Over the next several years, we anticipate a gradual
increase in the number of ALD layers required in advanced DRAM. In the
2028-2030 period, we foresee a significant expansion of our served
available market in DRAM, driven by two major technology transitions: the
shift to 4F² architecture and the adoption of FinFET in the DRAM periphery.

In 2025, our Spares & Services business once again delivered a stellar
performance. Based on the modified 2024 definition, revenues increased
by 14%, despite a very strong comparison base in 2024. Growth was
driven by continued momentum in our outcome‑based services, which
expanded from 20% of total Spares & Services revenue in 2024 to 25% in
2025. Over the past few years, this business has transformed from a
transactional model into a strategic pillar, delivering measurable customer
value through innovative solutions such as CKM and new automation
capabilities. Looking ahead, we expect Spares & Services to remain an
important growth engine for ASM, with a targeted revenue CAGR of at
least 12% from 2024 to 2030.

Investor Day 2025
A key event during the year was our Investor Day in September. Reflecting
on our performance over the past four years, we fully delivered on the
targets set in 2021. At that time, we guided for revenue to grow at a CAGR

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

of 16-21% over 2020-2025 and for the operating result (EBIT) margin to be
in the 26-31% range. In terms of actual performance, our revenue
increased at a CAGR of 20% at constant currency over 2020-2025, and
the EBIT margin rose to slightly above 30% in 2025. Operating profit almost
tripled over this period, representing a CAGR of 24%.
At Investor Day, we launched new, higher targets for the period through
2030. ASM's growth prospects remain strong, supported by rising ALD and
Epi intensity in the logic/foundry and DRAM markets, new opportunities in
areas such as advanced packaging, and continued double-digit growth in
Spares & Services sales. We expect revenue to exceed €5.7 billion by
2030, representing a CAGR of at least 12% from 2024 to 2030 – twice the
growth rate expected for the WFE market at the time of the event.
Combined with healthy gross margins and continued cost discipline, we
project solid operating margins of 28-32% in the coming years and above
30% from 2030 onward.

Improved profitability in 2025
In 2025, we delivered a strong improvement in profitability. Operating
result increased by a solid 17% year-on-year on the back of higher gross
profit and strict cost control in SG&A, partially offset by continued
increases in our R&D investments. Adjusted for PPA amortization, operating
margin reached 30.2%, up from 28.0% in 2024.
Gross margin also improved, rising from 50.5% in 2024 to a very strong
51.8% in 2025. In addition to the continued solid contribution from China,
we benefited from other positive customer and product mix effects.
Gross margin was also supported by ongoing multi-year programs aimed at
improving productivity and efficiency. Merge‑in‑transit (MIT) is one of the
key initiatives. It allows us to assemble only the most critical tool parts
in‑house, while components such as platforms are built and tested at our
contract manufacturers and then shipped directly to customers for final
integration – eliminating redundant assembly, testing, and logistics steps.
Another initiative is our drive towards common platforms. As customer
adoption increases over time, this approach will contribute to lower costs,
reduced inventory, and shorter lead times.

1

Financial statements

Appendix

“Investment in innovation
remains our lifeline.”
While the gross margin in 2025 benefited from a very favorable mix, we are
confident that the gradual benefits of these cost-reduction programs will
support continued healthy gross margins, targeted to be in a range of 47%
to 51% in the 2026-2030 period.
Our expectations for gross margin exclude any potential impact from new
tariffs. While our industry remained exempt in 2025, the scope of any
future tariffs is still uncertain. To help mitigate potential direct impacts, we
have several contingency scenarios in place, including the option to
expand localized manufacturing in the US.

R&D
Gross R&D increased by 9% year-on-year, primarily driven by higher R&D
activity levels and development programs, including applications for nextgeneration device technologies in GAA, DRAM, and advanced packaging.
R&D headcount increased by 7% year-on-year.
Net R&D rose by 11%. The higher increase in net R&D compared to gross
R&D was largely due to a 40% increase in amortization costs, reflecting a
relatively high number of product development projects entering the
commercial release phase – among them new applications for the 2nm
GAA technology node. In addition, net R&D included impairment charges of
approximately €10 million, related to customer specific projects. As a
percentage of revenue, adjusted net R&D expenses increased slightly to
12.5% in 2025 (2024: 12.1%).
We plan to further increase our R&D investments in the years ahead.
Innovation remains our lifeline as opportunities continue to expand at
future technology nodes. For the period 2026–2030, we target net R&D to
remain in the low double‑digit percentage range of revenue.

Free cash flow is a non-IFRS performance measure. It is calculated as cash flows from operating activities after investing activities. Please see chapter 34.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

36

SG&A
SG&A expenses decreased by 6% in 2025, reflecting disciplined cost
control as well as the benefits of earlier investments made to scale the
organization for growth. We continued to invest selectively in key areas
such as customer support, automation, and IT. On an adjusted basis, SG&A
expenses were 9.2% of the total revenue (2024: 10.6%). Supported by
continued cost discipline and the positive impact of operating leverage, we
expect adjusted SG&A expenses to further decline to below 7% of revenue
by 2030.

Successful migration to S/4HANA
We remain focused on driving efficiency improvements. This year, we
successfully completed one of ASM’s most significant digital
transformation initiatives: the global migration to S/4HANA. This milestone
marks the culmination of a multi‑year effort to modernize our core ERP
systems, strengthen governance, and create a scalable foundation for
future growth. The project was delivered on time, within budget, and in
close collaboration across all business functions. With S/4HANA now fully
up and running, we are already seeing meaningful gains in efficiency and
productivity. The new platform positions us to unlock additional value
through real-time analytics, intelligent automation, and AI‑enabled insights.

Free cash flow1
Our cash and cash equivalents position increased to €1,027 million, up
from €926 million at the end of 2024, with strong free cash flow partly
offset by cash outflows related to acquisitions.
Free cash flow amounted to €434 million in 2025. Excluding M&A-related
cash payments totaling €181 million, free cash flow would have been €615
million, representing a 12% increase compared to 2024. This growth was
driven by improved profitability and lower working capital, partly offset by
higher capex.
Working capital decreased from €447 million to €347 million at the end of
2025. This was mainly due to the phasing of revenue during the year, with
fourth-quarter 2025 sales at a relatively lower level (down 14% year-onyear), together with very strong cash collection, which further contributed
to the decrease. The number of working-capital days, measured against
quarterly sales, decreased to 45 days at year-end, compared to 50 days

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

the previous year. On a structural basis, we continue to target a range of
50 to 70 days.

Capex and M&A
Capex increased from €168 million in 2024 to €218 million in 2025, fully in
line with our guidance range of €200–250 million. Key infrastructure
projects in 2025 included the completion of our expanded innovation and
manufacturing center in Korea, as well as the ongoing construction of our
new R&D facility in Scottsdale, Arizona.
Looking ahead, we maintain our guidance for annual capex of €150–250
million in years that include infrastructure expansion, with a primary focus
on R&D. In addition to ongoing investments in Scottsdale, we announced in
December 2025 our intention to develop a new facility in the Netherlands.
This planned site in Almere – also the new location of ASM’s global
headquarters – will house a state‑of‑the‑art R&D center, a dedicated
training hub, and part of our product development activities. From a
manufacturing perspective, we believe our current capacity, supported by
ongoing productivity improvements, is sufficient to deliver on our 2030
revenue targets and beyond.
In December 2025, we acquired Axus Technology, a provider of
differentiated Chemical Mechanical Polishing (CMP) equipment for
compound semiconductors and More-than-Moore (MtM) manufacturing.
CMP is a key technology that is complementary to our strengths in
interface engineering and chemistry, which becomes increasingly
important in new areas such as 3D integration. We paid €81 million, net of
cash acquired, for the acquisition, along with a potential earn‑out of up to
€30 million (USD 35 million) tied to performance targets over 2026–2027.
In addition, in 2025 we incurred a total of €100 million in earn‑out
payments related to the 2022 acquisition of LPE.

Capital allocation
At our Investor Day, we also reiterated our capital allocation priorities. Our
primary focus remains investing in the company’s future growth, reflected
in the continued expansion of our innovation infrastructure and increased
investments in R&D. In addition, we are actively assessing M&A
opportunities that can strengthen our market positions and create longterm value, as illustrated by the acquisition of Axus.

Financial statements

Appendix

We also aim to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet to support our
strategic ambitions, targeting a minimum cash position of €800 million.
Lastly, we remain committed to our sustainable dividend policy and to
returning excess capital to shareholders through share buybacks.

Accelerating sustainability
In 2025, we made further progress in stepping up our sustainability
commitments. Key achievements included sourcing 100% renewable
electricity for the second consecutive year and delivering another 0.5 GWh
in energy-efficiency improvements. We also continued to engage actively
with our suppliers, and it is encouraging to see a growing share of our key
partners committing to align with our decarbonization roadmaps.
This year's Annual Report marks our second year of CSRD reporting – an
important step in the continued maturation of our sustainability approach.
We further strengthened the systems and processes that support our
disclosures, reinforcing the connection between our non‑financial
performance, our strategic priorities, and long‑term value creation.

Strong 2026 ahead
With the publication of the Q4 2025 results on March 3, 2026, we guided
Q1 2026 revenue to increase to €830 million, with a range of +/-4% and
with Q2 revenue expected to be up from the level in Q1. We also provided
guidance for revenue in the second half of 2026 to be higher than in the
first half.

Paul Verhagen
March 12, 2026
Member of the Management Board and Chief Financial Officer

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

37

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

38

10. Financial performance1
ASM delivered again solid results in 2025. Revenue increased by
12% at constant currencies, while gross margin improved to
51.8%, supported by a positive mix. Operating result rose by
17%, while stepping up investments in R&D. Free cash flow
reached €434 million2.

the end of the fourth quarter, along with solid bookings in the advanced
logic/foundry segment.

ASM's success in winning additional ALD and Epi layers in 2nm gate-allaround (GAA) device technology.

At the end of 2025, the backlog amounted to €1,247 million, down from
€1,566 million at the end of 2024. The book-to-bill ratio, measured as
orders divided by revenue, was 0.9 in 2025, slightly down from 1.0 in 2024.

Sales in mature logic/foundry also increased in 2025, albeit at a
considerably lower rate than the advanced business. This was mainly due
to investments by Chinese customers, which remained at a more resilient
level than initially expected at the start of 2025.

10.1 Performance review
Order intake and backlog
For the full year 2025, bookings of €3.0 billion were relatively unchanged
year-on-year (a decrease of 1% as reported). This followed a strong
increase of 23% in orders in 2024.
Logic/foundry represented the largest share of bookings, driven by growth
in both the advanced segment and the mature logic/foundry segments.
Memory was the second-largest segment, where orders declined
compared to 2024 levels. Higher demand for high-bandwidth-memory
(HBM) DRAM solutions was offset by lower orders from China-based
memory customers and weaker demand in the 3D-NAND segments. In
power/analog/wafer, orders continued to decline, mainly due to sharply
reduced demand in the SiC markets.
Looking at the pattern over the year, order intake declined from a strong
level of €834 million in the first quarter to €702 million in the second
quarter, mainly reflecting the specific timing of customer orders in the
advanced logic/foundry segment. Orders fell further to €637 million in the
third quarter, primarily due to the weaker demand in the Chinese market. In
the fourth quarter of 2025, orders rebounded to a solid €803 million. This
performance was stronger than initially indicated with the Q3 2025 results,
and had already been pre-announced in the January 19, 2026 press
release. The upside was driven by a rebound in orders from China towards

1
2

Year ended December 31,
(€ million)

2025

Backlog at the beginning of the year

1,565.7

1,433.5

9 %

New orders

2,976.4

3,000.0

(1) %

Revenue

(3,173.2) (2,932.7)

8 %

FX-effect
Backlog at the end of the year
Book-to-bill ratio (new orders divided by
revenue)

Year ended December 31,

2024 % Change

(122.0)

64.9

1,246.9

1,565.7

0.9

1.0

(€ million)

Equipment revenue
Spares & Services revenue
Total
2

(20)%

Revenue
Total revenue in 2025 grew by 8%, and by 12% at constant currencies. The
negative currency translation impact in 2025 was mainly due to the
depreciation of the US dollar. More than 80% of our sales is billed in US
dollars. Equipment revenue, which accounted for 77% of total revenue,
grew by 7% in 2025 as reported, and by 10% at constant currencies.
The non-memory customer segments accounted for 84% of equipment
revenue in 2025, up strongly from 75% in 2024. The largest segment was
logic/foundry, which accounted for clearly more than half of total
equipment revenue. Within logic/foundry, the leading-edge business
represented the larger part, and showed a very strong increase in revenue
in 2025. This growth was driven by 2nm-related sales, as customers
ramped the new technology node into high-volume manufacturing, and by

2025

2,457.5

20242 % Change

2,303.2

7 %

715.7

629.4

14 %

3,173.2

2,932.6

8 %

The previously reported figures have been revised for comparability. For detailed

reconciliation with the previous year's reported figures, refer to chapter 28.6 'Summary of
material accounting policies'.

Revenue in the power/analog/wafer segment dropped by a double-digit
percentage and represented less than 10% of total sales. This drop
reflected a continued market downturn in the automotive and industrial
segments. Silicon carbide (SiC) Epi revenue declined sharply in 2025 – by
more than 50% – as market conditions deteriorated significantly, following
two years of strong performance.
In 2025, memory accounted for 16% of equipment sales, which was down
considerably from 25% in 2024. DRAM, for the most advanced nodes in
particular, represented the largest part of our memory sales in 2025. We
booked solid growth in revenue from HBM DRAM for AI-related datacenter applications. This was offset by a sharp drop in sales from the
Chinese memory segment, which is normally fairly small for ASM but
contributed relatively high and bulky sales in 2024. In addition, NAND

Figures labelled as ‘adjusted’ or percentages presented ‘at constant currencies’ are non‑IFRS measures. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the table at the end of section 10.1, and definitions can be found in Chapter 34, ‘Non‑IFRS financial performance measures’.
Free cash flow is a non-IFRS performance measure and it is calculated as cash flows from operating activities after investing activities.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

revenue, which still had a relatively robust contribution in 2024, dropped in
2025.

Operating performance overview
(€ million, except margins % and per share data)

2024

Change

Revenue

3,173.2

2,932.7

8%

Gross profit

1,643.6

1,481.4

11 %

Gross margin

51.8 %

50.5 %

Other income

-

7.4

(100)%

Selling, general and administrative expenses

(296.5)

(316.8)

(6)%

Adjusted selling, general and administrative
expenses 1

(291.6)

(311.9)

(7)%

Net research and development expenses

(409.0)

(369.8)

11 %

Adjusted net research and development
expenses 1

(395.1)

(355.8)

11 %

Operating result

938.0

802.1

17 %

29.6 %

27.4 %

956.9

821.0

Adjusted operating margin 1

30.2 %

28.0 %

Share in income of investments in associates

24.8

9.6

15.2

(201.2)

(182.2)

(19.0)

(206.4)

(187.4)

(19.0)

Net earnings

723.7

685.7

38.0

Adjusted net earnings 1

740.7

708.4

32.3

€14.70

€13.89

0.8

€15.05

€14.35

0.7

Operating margin
Adjusted operating result

1

Income taxes
Adjusted income taxes

1

Net earnings per share, diluted
Adjusted net earnings per share, diluted
1

2025

1

17 %

Adjusted figures are non-IFRS performance measures. For a reconciliation of non-IFRS
performance measures, see the table at the end of this section.

In terms of product lines, ALD continued to be our largest product line,
clearly accounting for more than half of our equipment sales. ALD sales
increased by a double-digit percentage year‑over-year, mainly driven by
the logic/foundry market. Sales in silicon epitaxy (Si Epi), our secondlargest product line, were relatively unchanged, with higher GAA-related
sales offset by decreases in the power and wafer segments. Vertical
furnaces sales dropped double digits in 2025, which was also mainly

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

explained by softness in the power/analog/wafer market. Sales in SiC Epi
were sharply lower in 2025, following the strong gains in the previous two
years. The SiC market had already softened in the course of 2024 and
entered a meaningful downturn in 2025.
Spares & Services revenue increased by 14% (28% in 2024), and by 18% at
constant currencies, thanks to continued growth in our outcome-based
services.
Our 10 largest customers accounted for around 72.3% of revenue in 2025
(2024: 69.7%). Our five largest customers accounted for around 53.6% of
revenue in 2025 (2024: 50.8%). In 2025, we had two customers (2024:
three customers) who contributed more than 10% of total revenue.
The table below shows our revenue breakdown by geography:
Year ended December 31,
(€ million)

2025

486.9

15.3 %

628.5

21.4 %

Europe

142.2

4.5 %

169.2

5.8 %

Asia

2,544.1

80.2 %

2,135.0

72.8 %

Total

3,173.2

100.0 % 2,932.7

100.0 %

Revenue from Asia increased by 19%, while revenue from the US and
Europe decreased by 23% and 16% respectively. In terms of geographies,
ASM’s revenue growth in 2025 was fully driven by revenue from Asia which
increased by 19%. The increase in revenue in Asia primarily reflected
higher demand in the leading-edge logic/foundry segment, which was
partly offset by lower revenue in China.

Gross margin
Year ended December 31,

Gross profit

2025

2024

2025

1,643.6

1,481.4

51.8 %

39

Gross margin increased from 50.5% to 51.8% in 2025. The higher gross
margin was driven by a very strong mix, including a continued solid
contribution from the Chinese market, as well as other favorable customerand product-mix effects. The margin also benefited from the gradual
impact of ongoing efficiency improvement programs. Within the year, gross
margin declined from 52.6% in the first half to 50.9% in the second half.
This partly reflected the impact from lower China sales in the second half.
In 2025, gross margin was above our mid-term target (46% to 50% for the
period ending 2025, and the newly introduced range of 47% to 51% for the
period 2026-2030), mainly due to the aforementioned mix effects.

Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses
Year ended December 31,
(€ million)

2025

2024 % Change

Selling, general and administrative expenses

296.5

316.8

(6)%

Adjusted selling, general and administrative
expenses

291.6

311.9

(7)%

2024

United States

(€ million)

__

Increase
(decrease)
percentage
points
2024

50.5 %

1.3

SG&A expenses decreased 6% year-on-year, in line with the 6% decrease
excluding currency impacts. This reflects continued cost discipline. As a
percentage of revenue, SG&A expenses were 9.3% (2024: 10.8%).
Total headcount decreased slightly to 4,519 at the end of 2025, following
several years of growth.
Adjusted for PPA amortization, SG&A expenses decreased by 7%. As a
percentage of revenue, adjusted SG&A expenses in 2025 were 9.2%, down
from 10.6% in 2024. Our target for SG&A is below 7% as a percentage of
revenue by 2030.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Research and development (R&D) expenses

Financial statements

ASM Annual Report 2025

Operating result

Year ended December 31,
(€ million)

Appendix

2025

2024 % Change

Increase
(decrease)
percentage
points
2024

Operating margin

Gross research and development expenses

512.0

469.8

9%

Adjusted gross research and development
expenses

2025

2024

2025

498.0

455.8

9%

Operating result

938.0

802.1

29.6 %

27.4 %

2.2

Capitalization of development expenses

(205.1)

(166.3)

23 %

Adjusted operating result

956.9

821.0

30.2 %

28.0 %

2.2

Amortization of capitalized development
expenses

92.4

65.9

40 %

Impairment of capitalized development
expenses

9.7

0.4

2,072 %

Net research and development expenses

409.0

369.8

11 %

Adjusted net research and development
expenses

395.1

355.8

11 %

Gross R&D increased by 9%. This growth was again primarily driven by
increased R&D activities and development programs, reflecting the
expanding pipeline of new opportunities, including applications for nextgeneration device technologies in GAA, DRAM and advanced packaging
(AP). R&D headcount increased by 7%. Net R&D increased by 11%. The
higher increase in net R&D compared to gross R&D was largely explained
by amortization costs, which increased by 40% in 2025. This was driven by
a relatively higher number of product development projects entering the
commercial release phase, including new applications for the 2nm GAA
technology node. As a result, the related capitalized development
expenses started to be amortized. This already led to a higher increase in
amortization in 2024 (+50%) and further impacted the increase in 2025. In
addition, net R&D included impairment costs of close to €10 million, related
to customer specific projects. As a percentage of revenue, adjusted net
R&D expenses were 12.5% (2024: 12.1%). This is in line with our previous
indication that net R&D expenses would remain at the higher end of the
low double-digit target range in 2025.

40

Income tax
Year ended December 31,

(€ million)

__

Operating result increased 17% year-on-year. Operating profit increased on
the back of higher gross profit, and strict cost control in SG&A, partially
offset by increased investments in R&D. Adjusted for PPA amortization,
operating result increased 17% year-over-year.
Operating margin increased to 29.6% in 2025, up from 27.4% in 2024.
Adjusted for PPA amortization, operating margin was 30.2%, up from
28.0% in 2024. Our mid-term target for adjusted operating margin is a
range of 28% to 32% for the period 2026-2030, and more than 30% by
2030.

Financing income and expense
Financing income was mostly driven by interest on our cash and cash
equivalents, and was partially offset by financing expenses for the change
in fair value of the contingent consideration ('LPE earn-out') of €3 million in
2025 (2024: €9 million). The 2025 translation result included a translation
loss of €84 million, compared to a translation gain of €45 million in 2024. A
substantial part of ASM’s cash position is denominated in US dollars, which
together with the exchange impact on accounts receivable, was the key
driver of the exchange loss in 2025. The gain in 2024 was predominantly
driven by US dollar‑denominated cash positions. The company did not use
derivative financial instruments to hedge these exposures.

The income tax expense of €201 million (2024: €182 million), adjusted for
the impact from purchase price allocation, amounted to €206 million
(2024: €187 million).
The effective tax rate in 2025 was 21.8% (2024: 21.0%). For more
information on tax, see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements.
The higher effective tax rate for 2025 is primarily due to prior year tax
adjustments.

Net earnings
Net earnings increased from €686 million in 2024 to €724 million in 2025.
Excluding net income from our investment in ASMPT, as well as PPA
amortization, adjusted net earnings amounted to €741 million (2024: €708
million).
Within the year, net earnings included a non-cash impairment charge of
€215 million on investments in associates in the first quarter, which was
related to the reduced market valuation of the stake in ASMPT. This was
followed by a reversal gain of €34 million in the second quarter due to a
recovery in market valuation, and a further €181 million gain in the third
quarter, fully reversing the first-quarter impairment.

Cash flow
The following table shows the condensed cash-flow statement:
(€ million)

2025

2024

Net earnings from operations

723.7

685.7

Operating cash flows before changes in working capital

986.0

919.2

Net cash from operating activities

1,060.9

897.7

Share in income of investments in associates

Net cash used in investing activities

(626.9)

(350.0)

The share in income of investments in associates, which reflects our
shareholding in ASMPT, increased from a gain of €10 million in 2024 to a
gain of €25 million in 2025, mainly driven by a strong fourth quarter. At the
end of 2025, our stake in ASMPT amounted to 24.65% (2024: 24.73%).
Cash dividends received from ASMPT during 2025 and 2024 were €7
million and €14 million, respectively. For more information on ASMPT, visit
www.asmpacific.com.

Free cash flow 1

433.9

547.7

Net cash used in financing activities

(313.5)

(301.0)

Foreign currency translation effect on cash and cash
equivalents

(20.0)

42.6

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

100.4

289.2

1

Free cash flow is a non-IFRS performance measure. It is calculated as cash flows from
operating activities after investing activities. Please see chapter 34.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

We generated cash from operating activities of €1,061 million. The increase
compared to €898 million in 2024 was mainly driven by increased
profitability and lower working capital. We used €627 million cash in
investing activities (2024: €350 million) – with the increase for a large part
explained by acquisition related and higher capex – and used €314 million
in financing activities (2024: €301 million), consisting of dividend and share
buybacks. Free cash flow decreased to €434 million (€548 million in
2024), mainly driven by M&A-related cash flow. Excluding M&A-related
cash payments totaling €181 million, free cash flow would have been €615
million, representing an increase of 12% compared to 2024.
Capex increased from €168 million in 2024 to €218 million in 2025, in line
with our forecast of €200-250 million. Key infrastructure projects in 2025
included the completion of our expanded R&D and manufacturing center in
Korea, and the ongoing construction of our new R&D center in Scottsdale,
Arizona. For the coming years we guided for annual capex of €150–250
million in years of infrastructure expansions. Next to further spending on
our new facility in Scottsdale, in 2025 we also announced our intention to
invest in a new facility in the Netherlands. Next to ASM's new global
headquarters, the planned facility in Almere will include a state-of-the-art
R&D center, a dedicated training hub, and part of the company’s product
development operations.
The M&A-related cash flow of €181 million comprises a €100 million
earn‑out payment for the 2022 LPE acquisition and €81 million net cash
paid for the Axus acquisition in 2025. In accordance with accounting
guidance, €76 million of the earn‑out payment is classified as investing
activities and €24 million as operating activities.

Working capital
Working capital decreased from €447 million to €347 million. This was
mainly driven by a decrease in the accounts receivable position from €789
million to €562 million. This drop in accounts receivables mainly reflected
the phasing of revenue within the year, with sales in the fourth quarter of
2025 at a relatively lower level (down 14% year on year), as well as strong
cash collection. Inventories decreased slightly from €567 million to €552
million.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

The number of outstanding days of working capital, measured against
quarterly sales decreased to 45 days as of December 31, 2025, compared
to 50 days as of December 31, 2024. ASM's target for working capital days
is a range of 50 to 70.
The working capital developed as follows:

(€ million)

December 31, 2025

December 31, 2024

Inventories

552.1

567.0

Accounts receivable

562.1

789.0

Contract assets

110.2

57.7

Other current assets

84.8

70.3

Accounts payable

(214.9)

(282.6)

Provision for warranty

(45.0)

(33.4)

Contract liabilities

(505.8)

(485.7)

Accrued expenses and other
payables
Working capital

(197.0)

(235.3)

346.5

447.0

December 31, 2025

December 31, 2024

1,026.9

926.5

Liquidity
(€ million)

Cash

We were debt-free as of December 31, 2025 (and 2024). Our principal
sources of liquidity consisted of €1,027 million in cash and cash
equivalents, and €150 million in undrawn bank lines. The company has had
a revolving credit facility (RCF) in place since the end of May 2022. The
facility’s option to extend the tenor by two years has been exercised and
will now mature at the end of May 2029. The facility amount is €150 million
and includes accordion option to increase the facility by up to €100 million.
The facility includes a financial covenant on the consolidated total net
debt/total shareholders’ equity ratio. This financial covenant is measured

__

41

twice a year, on June 30 and December 31. We remained compliant with
this financial covenant on both measurement dates in 2025.
In 2023, ASM converted its revolving credit facility into a sustainabilitylinked RCF aligned with the Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles by the
Loan Market Association. Under the terms of the facility, the interest rate is
linked to the achievement of long-term sustainability goals targeting
gender diversity, net zero, and value-chain packaging reuse, which are in
line with ASM’s sustainability strategic focus. Achievement of these targets
will impact the interest rate as the lenders will apply a discount on the
existing margin or add a penalty to the existing margin, depending on the
sustainability achievement against the target. The original terms and
conditions of the RCF remain in place.
For the most part, our cash and cash equivalents are not guaranteed by
any governmental agency. We place our cash and cash equivalents with
high-quality financial institutions to limit our credit-risk exposure.
Our liquidity situation is influenced by operational needs, R&D projects and
cash conversion cycle. Based on the timing and extent of these factors, we
believe that cash generated by operations plus the liquidity provided by
our existing cash resources and our financing arrangements will be
sufficient to fund working capital, capital expenditures, and other ongoing
business requirements for at least the next 12 months.
For more information on our funding, treasury policies, and long-term debt,
see notes 11, 17, and 18 to the consolidated financial statements.

Financial risk factors
We are exposed to market risks (including foreign exchange-rate risk),
credit risk, liquidity risk, and capital risk. We may use forward exchange
contracts to hedge foreign-exchange risk. We do not enter into financial
instrument transactions for trading or speculative purposes. For more
information on financial risk factors, see note 18 to the consolidated
financial statements.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Reconciliation between IFRS and non-IFRS performance measures
(€ million)

Revenue
Cost of sales

1

Gross profit 1
Other income

Year ended December 31, 2025
Adjustme
Reported
Adjusted
nt

Year ended December 31, 2024
Adjustme
Reported
Adjusted
nt

3,173.2

-

3,173.2

2,932.7

(1,529.6)

-

(1,529.6)

1,643.6

-

1,643.6

—

—

—

Change
Reported

Adjusted

8 %

8 %

-

2,932.7

(1,451.4)

-

(1,451.4)

5 %

5 %

1,481.4

-

1,481.4

11 %

11 %

7.4

—

7.4

—

—

Operating expenses:
Selling, general and administrative 1

(296.5)

4.9

(291.6)

(316.8)

4.9

(311.9)

(6) %

(7) %

Research and development 1

(409.0)

14.0

(395.0)

(369.8)

14.0

(355.8)

11 %

11 %

Total operating expenses

(705.6)

18.9

(686.7)

(686.6)

18.9

(667.7)

3 %

3 %

938.0

18.9

956.9

802.1

18.9

821.0

17 %

17 %

49.2

3.0

52.2

11.1

8.7

19.8

343 %

164 %

Operating result

1

1

Finance income (expense) 2
Foreign currency exchange gain (loss)

(83.7)

-

(83.7)

45.0

-

45.0

(286) %

(286) %

Net finance income (costs) 2

(34.5)

3.0

(31.5)

56.1

8.7

64.8

(161)%

(149)%

Share in income of investments in associates 1

24.8

0.3

25.1

9.6

0.4

10.0

158 %

151 %

Impairment of other investment

(3.4)

-

(3.4)

-

-

-

n.a.

n.a.

Reversal of impairment of investments in associates, net

-

-

-

-

-

-

— %

— %

Result before income taxes 1,2,3

924.9

22.2

947.1

867.9

28.0

895.9

7 %

6 %

Income taxes

4

(201.2)

(5.2)

(206.4)

(182.2)

(5.2)

(187.4)

10 %

10 %

Net earnings

1,2,3,4

723.7

17.0

740.7

685.7

22.8

708.5

6 %

5 %

1

3

Adjusted for the amortization of fair value adjustments from purchase price allocations.
Adjusted for the change in fair value of the contingent consideration ('LPE earn-out').
3
Adjusted for the impairment reversal.
4
Adjusted for the realization of temporary differences resulting from purchase price allocation.
2

__

42

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

43

Quick take: ASM’s S/4HANA implementation
With Shinsuke Seki - Senior Director Business Process Transformation
Tell us about your career at ASM
so far?
I joined ASM in 2008 as a project
manager. My first assignment was
leading the XP8 New Product
Introduction (NPI) and overseeing
its manufacturing transfer from
Japan to Singapore. Then I took on
my first IT-related project,
implementing SAP PLM. Later, I led
the XPE platform NPI. In 2021, I
took on the role of driving the
S/4HANA implementation project.
ASM recently completed its
migration to S/4HANA. What was
this process like?
Our legacy ERP platform had been
in place for many years. As part of
ASM’s digital transformation
roadmap, we conducted an
assessment in 2021 to evaluate

S/4HANA’s capabilities. In 2023, we
moved into the implementation
phase with strong leadership
support. By July 2025, we achieved
a major milestone – the first
S/4HANA transaction went live. The
migration was completed on time,
within budget and scope.
ERP platform migrations are often
said to be complex and risky.
What approach did ASM take?
We chose the Bluefield approach to
balance project risk, ensure high
data continuity, and drive process
innovation. We named the project
TRANS4M! to reflect its ambition to
transform business processes and
build a strong foundation for future
growth.
We also chose a Global Big Bang
go-live instead of a phased go-live,
to avoid maintaining a dual-system
landscape for an extended period,
which would have created
additional non-value-add

•

complexity and increased
implementation time and cost. By
taking this approach, we
accelerated transformation and
positioned ASM to adapt more
quickly in a highly competitive
market.
What contributed to the success
of the project?
Success was driven by a dedicated
project team, including subjectmatter experts from every business
function, working closely with
external consultants. The team led
the transformation end-to-end –
from process redesign to technical
design and system build – followed
by rigorous testing and
comprehensive end-user training
that engaged nearly all ASM
employees, including the Executive
Committee.
Key factors included strong
leadership commitment, challenging
non-value-adding customizations,

“With TRANS4M!, we’ve built a digital foundation that
enables ASM to innovate faster, scale smarter, and unlock
new value for our customers.”

adopting industry best practices,
and maintaining a strategic vision to
scale ASM’s business capabilities.
Mobilizing key experts throughout
the project reinforced ASM’s
unwavering commitment to success.
What's the outcome?
ASM now operates on a platform
that delivers greater efficiency,
enhanced productivity, and
strengthened governance. Looking
ahead, S/4HANA provides a
strategic digital foundation for
ASM’s next wave of transformation.
It will unlock advanced analytics,
intelligent automation, and AIdriven insights – empowering ASM
to innovate faster, optimize
decision-making, and deliver
superior value to customers in an
ever-evolving semiconductor
landscape.

What are some concrete examples
of productivity improvements?
We have many examples, but a few
I’d like to highlight are:
• Central procurement efficiency:
the new functionality allows us
to draw down contracts across
global purchasing organizations
without routing demand through
a single plant, eliminating
bottlenecks and reducing
redistribution workload.
• The system better supports our
innovative outcome-based
service models in the Spares &
Services unit by establishing
Service Plants in S/4HANA.
• With SAP Concur, employees
can submit expense claims on
the go and easily capture
receipts using their
smartphones, significantly
reducing administrative efforts.

Now that Trans4M! has wrapped
up, what new projects are you
focusing on?
Rolling out S/4HANA and
Teamcenter to newly added
entities remains a priority. For
example, LPE will be on S/4HANA
and Teamcenter by Q1 2026, and
planning is already underway for
the integration of our newly
acquired Axus business. Beyond
that, we have a busy pipeline of
several transformative initiatives
over the next few years, including
upgrading our CRM (customer
relationship management) and SLM
(service lifecycle management)
systems, implementing end-to-end
planning, and launching a new
supplier collaboration portal.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

10.2 Capital allocation policy
ASM's capital allocation policy, as reiterated in the Investor Day 2025, is
closely tied to the long-term growth and innovation agenda.

• ASM's first priority remains investing in the growth of our business, both
organically – investing in capex and R&D – and also scanning the market
for potential M&A opportunities. We increased gross R&D spending by
9% in 2025, reflecting our strong pipeline of opportunities such as those
in next-generation GAA and DRAM technologies. We spent €218 million
on capex, including capex related to the completion of our new
innovation and manufacturing site in Korea, as well as on the ongoing
construction of our new facility in Scottsdale, Arizona. In December
2025, ASM acquired Axus for €81 million in cash, providing ASM with
differentiated CMP products for market such as in compound
semiconductors and More-than-Moore (MtM) manufacturing.
• Second, it is key for us to maintain a strong balance sheet. At the
Investor Day 2025, we communicated our goal of maintaining a
minimum cash position of €800 million.
• Third, we are committed to paying a sustainable dividend. With the
publication of our Q4 2025 results on March 3, 2026, we announced a
proposed dividend of €3.25 per share to be paid over 2025.
• Finally, we continue to deliver value to our shareholders by returning
excess cash through share buybacks. In 2025, we completed a €150
million share buyback program. In March 2026, we announced a new
buyback program for €150 million.

10.3 Shareholders
At ASM, we are committed to maintaining the highest standards of
transparent and effective communications. We regularly share information
through multiple channels, including press releases, the AGM, investor
presentations, earnings calls, virtual & in-person meetings, conferences,
and dedicated ESG engagements.
In line with our policy regarding communications with shareholders and the
stakeholder dialogue policy, we actively engage in a year-round dialogue
with investors. Discussions include a number of topics, including:

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

44

• Industry trends, including the outlook for WFE spending, megatrends

•
•
•
•

such as AI, the growth outlook for the Chinese market, the implications
of export controls, and the competitive landscape.
Technology roadmaps, such as the increasing requirements of ALD and
Epi in the transition to gate-all-around, and in next-generation memory.
Financial performance, including quarterly and annual results, and
progress against our mid-term guidance.
Capital-allocation priorities.
Our sustainability agenda, such as the progress towards our Net Zero
targets, the importance of human capital and topics related to human
rights in our supply chain.

Sell-side research
At the year-end 2025, ASM stock was covered by 26 equity research
analysts, representing brokers and financial institutions as well as
independent research firms.

Investor Day
A key event was our Investor Day on September 23, 2025 in London. It
was our third investor Day, following previous editions in 2021 and 2023.
During the event, senior management provided updates on our business,
financial performance, and market outlook, and laid out our strategic
priorities through 2030.
During the Investor Day, ASM introduced new financial targets for the
period through 2030. Supported by continued growth opportunities in our
key ALD and Epi markets, ASM targets revenue of more than €5.7 billion by
2030, implying a CAGR of at least 12% over the 2024–2030 period. This is
twice the growth rate for the WFE market over the same period forecasted
by third party research firms at the time of the Investor Day 2025.
Gross margin is targeted to be in a range of 47% to 51%, an increase
compared to the previous target range of 46%-50%. Operating margin is
expected to be in a range between 28% and 32%, reaching more than 30%
by 2030, supported by disciplined cost management and scale benefits.
ASM also launched a target for free cash flow of at least €1 billion by 2030.

Share listing
As of December 31, 2025, ASM share capital consists of 48,881,549
outstanding ordinary shares with a nominal value of €0.01 each, all listed
on Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ASM.
Our shares have been included in the AEX index of Euronext Amsterdam
since March 2020, in the MSCI Global indexes since February 2021. ASM
shares are also part of the STOXX Europe 600 index.

Performance of shares
ASM’s market capitalization at year-end 2025 was €25.3 billion, based on
the closing share price of €517.60 on Euronext Amsterdam on December
31, 2025 (€558.80 on December 31, 2024), and 48.9 million total
outstanding shares at year-end. The graph below shows the performance
of ASM’s shares on Euronext. The total share return in this graph is the
performance of the share including dividends paid over the period.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

ASM share price and total shareholder return

Financial statements

Appendix

__

ASM Annual Report 2025

The table below shows key metrics related to ASM's per-share data:

45

Dividend per share in € paid over

(indexed)
Key per share data (in million, except per share data)

2025

2024

2023

2,400

Basic EPS

14.77

13.95

15.26

2,000

Diluted EPS

14.70

13.89

15.18

1,600

Dividend per share1

3.25

3.00

2.75

Basic weighted average number of shares

49.0

49.2

49.3

Diluted weighted average number of shares

49.2

49.4

49.6

1,200
800
400

1

0

2.50

2.50

2.75

3.25

3.00

2.00
0.80

0.70

2017

1.00

2019

2021

Extraordinary dividend

Proposed dividend for 2025

2023

2025*

Regular dividend

*Proposed

2019

2020

2021

Total return

2022

2023

2024

2025

Share price performance

ASM share trading on Euronext Amsterdam1
Closing share price Euronext Amsterdam

2025

2024

2023

Year-end

517.60

558.80

469.95

High

628.20

740.20

491.60

Low

354.90

436.30

235.65

Market capitalization year-end (€ million)2

25,301.1 27,435.9 23,122.5

Average daily volume (number of shares)

165,503

139,601

183,912

Turnover (€ million)

20,702

19,546

17,326

Source: Bloomberg
2
Based on outstanding ordinary shares of 48,881,549

Cash returned to shareholders
Shareholder return is one of the key priorities of our capital allocation
policy. Over time, ASM has returned significant amounts of cash in
different forms to our shareholders. In 2025, we returned around €147
million in the form of dividends and €150 million through share buybacks.
Since 2016, we have returned approximately €2.6 billion in cash to our
shareholders.

The table below shows key metrics related to ASM’s share price
performance on Euronext Amsterdam:

1

3.00

2,562
2,263

1,029

1,393

1,630

1,751

1,975

Institutional investors by geography
in %
7

421

31

19

140

2016

On February 25, 2025, ASM announced a new share buyback program of
up to €150 million. The program started on April 29, 2025, and was
completed on July 25, 2025. In total, we repurchased 322,533 shares at
an average price of €465.07. For more information on our historical sharebuyback programs, visit our website.
On March 3, 2026, ASM announced the authorization of a new share
buyback program of up to €150 million.

Cumulative cash returned to market
in million

1,227

Share buyback

2019

Return of capital

2022

Dividends

2025

Share buybacks

Dividends
ASM has consistently paid dividends since 2010. On March 3, 2026, we
announced that we would propose to the upcoming AGM a regular
dividend of €3.25 per common share over 2025, compared to €3.00 per
common share in 2024.

43

Europe ex. UK

North America

United Kingdom

Rest of the world

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Shareholder base

Institutional ownership was geographically distributed as follows: 43% in
North America, 31% in continental Europe, and 19% in the United Kingdom.
According to Dutch law, shareholders should notify the AFM when their
shareholding equals or exceeds 3% and certain higher thresholds including
5%, 10%, and 15% of the issued capital, and when it subsequently falls
below those thresholds. As of December 31, 2025, five investors –
BlackRock, FMR, Norges Bank, Tokyo Electron and WCM – had a
shareholding of more than 3%.
Largest shareholders as per December 2025

BlackRock, Inc
FMR LLC

3

4

Appendix

Financial calendar

ASM shares are held by an international and diversified shareholder base.
At the end of 2025, about 80% of our shares were held by institutional
investors, and the remainder by broker, retail, and other investors.

ASM International N.V.
(treasury shares) 2

Financial statements

Number of
shares

Percent 1

Number of
voting rights

Percent 1

446,999

0.9 %

–

–%

4,222,310

8.6 %

4,904,810

9.9 %

2,483,114

5.0 %

2,349,655

4.8 %

Norges Bank 5

2,397,015

4.9 %

2,397,015

4.9 %

Tokyo Electron Ltd. 6

2,299,000

4.7 %

2,299,000

4.7 %

WCM Investment
Management, LLC 7

1,481,350

3.0 %

1,481,350

3.0 %

¹ Calculated on the basis of 49,328,548 issued common shares as of December 31, 2025.
² On December 31, 2025, ASM held 446,999 common shares in treasury.
Based on the notifications filed with the AFM: ³⁾ October 19, 2023; ⁴⁾ December 2, 2025;
⁵⁾ October 12, 2023; ⁶⁾ November 3, 2025; ⁷⁾ December 19, 2025

April 21, 2026

Quarterly results Q1 2026

May 11, 2026

Annual General Meeting

May 13, 2026

Ex‑dividend date NL

May 14, 2026

Ex‑dividend date US
Dividend record date

May 21, 2026

Dividend payment date

July 28, 2026

Quarterly results Q2 2026

October 27, 2026

Quarterly results Q3 2026

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

46

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Investor Day 2025
ASM hosted its 2025 Investor Day on 23
September in London, bringing together
institutional investors and analysts for an
update on strategy, technology, markets, and
long-term financial ambitions.

Strategic agenda and ambition
CEO Hichem M’Saad revisited objectives set at prior
investor days, confirming ASM has outgrown the WFE
market, strengthened its leadership in ALD, expanded
its Epi position, and doubled spares and services
revenue since 2020.
Looking ahead, ASM aims to maintain its leading ALD
market share and continue growing its Epi business,
with continued strong growth expected in logic/
foundry and increased opportunities in DRAM. AP is a
new mid-term strategic area for ASM.
CFO Paul Verhagen introduced new financial targets
for 2030. Revenue is targeted at more than €5.7 billion
by 2030, implying a CAGR of at least 12%. This is twice
the growth rate for the WFE market. Operating margin
is expected to reach more than 30%, and free cash
flow will be at least €1bn, both targets by 2030.
Management detailed investments in manufacturing
and R&D, including the new facility in Korea and ASM's
current expansion in Arizona.

Technology inflections in logic and memory
The semiconductor market is on an accelerated
growth path, mainly driven by multi-year expansion in
AI. As process nodes shrink, manufacturing complexity
rises. This increases ALD and Epi layer intensity,
benefiting ASM.

In logic/foundry, GAA entered high-volume
manufacturing at the 2nm node, creating a US$400
million served available market (SAM) increase per
100k WSPM. The next GAA node at 1.4nm is expected
to generate an additional US$450-500 million for ASM,
with the strongest ALD increase in the transistor area
where ASM holds strong positions. In memory, the
shift from 6F² to 4F², starting in 2028, plus the
transition to FinFET peri, will create roughly US$400–
450 million extra SAM per 100k WSPM.

ALD leadership and expanding share in Epi
The ALD market is expected to outgrow the WFE
market, reaching US$5.1-6.1 billion by 2030, reflecting
a CAGR of 9% to 13%. ASM is targeting a continued
market share above 55%, supported by its unparalleled
ALD legacy and ongoing innovations, including AI/ML
common platforms. The Epi market is expected to
grow to US$2.5-3.2 billion by 2030 reflecting a CAGR
of 9% to 13%.

Outcome-based services
ASM is targeting continued growth in Spares &
Services revenue at a minimum CAGR of 12% through
2030. By 2030, more than 50% of sales will come from
outcome-based services. Key innovations include dry
cleaning, which improves sustainability, and
maintenance automation, which enhances precision.

Sustainability
ASM reiterated its commitment to accelerate
sustainability. All sites have operated on 100%
renewable electricity since 2024, and ASM ranks
among the industry ESG leaders.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

47

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

48

11. Interview with the Chief HR Officer
Edyta Jakubek spotlights how ASM strengthened its
people agenda by sharpening organizational design and
strategic workforce planning, elevating global talent
acquisition to meet escalating demand, and positioning
the technical career framework as a core path for growth.
She also highlights targeted investments in building strong
leaders at every level, ensuring ASM has the capabilities
and clarity needed to scale at pace.

“I'm proud of how our people have embraced
change – adapting to new ways of working while
staying fully committed to serving our customers.”

2025 has been an important year for ASM’s People strategy.
Which initiatives stand out as most transformative?
2025 marked a real breakthrough for ASM’s People strategy. We
embedded strategic workforce planning and organizational design into the
heart of how we operate, enabling faster decision-making and stronger
long‑term execution, while reinforcing a culture of excellence that guides
everything we do. In parallel, we shifted to a more integrated talent
management approach, where planning, development, and succession are
connected. This gives us earlier insight into capability needs and helps us
build stronger internal benches.
Our hiring approach also evolved, with AI‑powered, digitized processes
delivering greater efficiency and a premium candidate experience. At the
same time, we redefined our technical and leadership career frameworks,
making internal growth opportunities more transparent and accessible for
everyone. These changes strengthened our ability to scale and earned
external recognition, including a transformational HR leadership award in
the Netherlands.

How is ASM evolving its organizational capabilities to support
growth and future readiness?

Edyta Jakubek
Chief HR Officer

We have made significant progress in organizational design and strategic
workforce planning, fundamentally reshaping how ASM prepares for the
future. Our blueprinting process now clarifies the right mix of roles and
responsibilities across the company, while regular dashboard reviews have
improved spans of control and reduced management layers, making the
organization more agile and scalable.

We stay close to teams that are growing quickly to ensure they have the
structure, support, and capabilities they need. Integrating workforce
planning and demand modeling into our strategic cycles allows us to close
talent gaps before they emerge. Data‑driven insights increasingly inform
our People decisions, and automation continues to boost efficiency. These
steps position ASM for sustainable growth and long‑term readiness.

What are your top priorities for strengthening ASM’s
competitive advantage through people in 2026 and beyond?
Advancing our technical career framework remains a core priority as we
aim to attract, develop, and retain top engineering talent. We are also
focused on strengthening leadership capability across ASM, supported by
robust development programs that build T‑shaped leaders – blending
technical depth with business acumen, customer insight, and the
confidence to make decisions at speed. Enhancing our Total Rewards
strategy plays a key role in deepening engagement and reinforcing a sense
of ownership.
We continue to accelerate succession planning through targeted
development assignments and global mobility for high‑potential leaders. At
the same time, we’re diversifying our external sourcing strategies,
expanding into new geographies, and benchmarking against advanced
industries to fuel excellence and innovation. Looking ahead, we remain
committed to increasing our internal hiring ratio by developing and
promoting talent from within.
ASM’s digital journey supports these priorities beyond HR, spanning
company‑wide automation, AI‑driven processes, and integrated platforms
that improve efficiency and strengthen decision‑making.
Finally, we continue to foster a culture of courageous conversations,
ownership, and a growth mindset, where every employee is empowered to
contribute and thrive. Together, these priorities ensure ASM is ready to
meet future challenges with a strong, agile, and engaged workforce.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

49

Community engagement
STEM education

STEM education

We contribute to initiatives that improve the quality
and accessibility of STEM (science, technology,
engineering and math) education. These initiatives
aim to inspire and provide youths with the
opportunity to fulfil their potential and to create
the connection between technology and the real
world.
Seraphina Seng
Head of Government and Community Relations
At ASM, we are committed to building
meaningful connections and creating a positive
impact in the communities where we operate.
Across the globe, we engage through
partnerships with local organizations, strategic
donations, and employee volunteer initiatives.
These efforts not only advance our corporate
responsibility goals but also highlight the
collaborative efforts of our employees and
partners in strengthening the communities
where we live and work.
In 2025, we focused our community initiatives
on three strategic pillars aligned with ASM
priorities for long-term sustainable growth that
benefits society: promoting STEM education,
accelerating environmental sustainability, and
uplifting underprivileged local communities.

Korea: Hwaseong into Technopole

China: ASM at STEM Youth Carnival
ASM took part in the STEM Youth Carnival at the
Wuzhen Science and Technology Museum with an
immersive educational booth showcasing ASM’s
expertise in deposition technology. To amplify impact
and encourage circular use for sustainability, booth
materials were donated to Shanghai Jiao Tong
University (SJTU), one of China’s top five universities,
for continued educational outreach. In addition, Lego
atom models from the exhibit were donated to the
Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications
Affiliated Primary School.

The Netherlands: ASM LOOPmakers
In Almere, together with local partner Circuloco, ASM
launched the ASM LOOPmakers Program to bring
circular thinking into local classrooms. The school
program was designed to equip students to become
young circularity champions and equip them with tools to
think creatively and responsibly about the future of
design, sustainability, and innovation. In 2025, the
program reached five local schools in Almere, engaging
more than 150 students and training 22 teachers.

ASM donated €44,000 to extend our partnership with
HRDF on the 'Hwaseong into Technopole' program for
three more years until 2028. The competitive talent
development program is jointly funded by ASM and
HRDF.
Under this program, high-potential high-school and
university students who live in Hwaseong visit ASM
global sites and key semiconductor R&D institutes to
learn about the global semiconductor industry. ASM
leadership and engineers give talks on semiconductor
technology and career development to raise awareness
of opportunities in the semiconductor industry.
Outreach impact in 2025: 50 students took part.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Environment

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Community support

US: Trail maintenance with Washington
County Parks Department in Oregon

ASM Belgium contributes to the expansion of forests in
the vicinity of Leuven, specifically the “Tafelbos” near
Lubbeek and Tels-Winge. Employee volunteer event
with external partner Natuurpunt. By helping restore
and expand natural habitats nearby, creating up to 2
to 4 hectares of new forest at Tafelbos, ASM can
actively balance its footprint with positive
environmental action.

50

Community outreach in neighborhoods where
our team members live and work, supporting
employee-led grassroots efforts and donations.
These include partnerships with charities that
provide essential needs and assistance to
disadvantaged families and communities.

ASM supports community-based projects that
demonstrate the importance of environmental
protection and actively contributes to resource
conservation efforts in communities where we
operate.

Belgium: Natuurpunt at Tafelbos

__

ASM partnered with the Washington County Parks
Department to support improvements and longterm stewardship of local parks through hands-on
environmental volunteerism. Activities focused on
trail maintenance, helping to improve the safety
and accessibility of park trails for community
members and visitors. ASM also contributed a
volunteer equipment trailer to enhance the
County’s volunteer program by enabling the
transport of tools and materials to park sites. The
trailer will be reused annually for community
volunteer events.
ASM aims to continue this partnership supporting
park health, access, and environmental
stewardship through future volunteer activities.

Singapore: Donation drive for students

Ireland: Employee volunteer donation
matching
ASM Ireland employees independently raised
approximately €6,700 through a hiking event, with
21 employees climbing Slieve Donard mountain in
July 2025. ASM matched the amount, doubling the
contribution. Funds were donated to the charity
selected by the group - LauraLynn Children’s
Hospice, the only Children’s hospice providing free
palliative and hospice care for children with lifelimiting conditions and their families in Ireland.

In Singapore, ASM contributed through a series of
donation drives to two non-profit organizations
providing social services to low-income families in the
Woodlands neighborhood. In May, ASM matched
employee donations and fundraising through a team
step challenge, as well as charity artwork sale for Care
Corner, a social service agency providing affordable
after-school care for children. ASM also donated 100
“back-to-school” sets to the Woodlands Social Centre,
to equip children from low-income families with basic
necessities for school.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

From sand to stars – inspiring future innovators
ASM brings semiconductor technology
to kids through an interactive science
exhibition.
Semiconductor chips power everything – from
gaming consoles and social media to Mars
rovers – yet few understand how they work.
That's why ASM launched 'From sand to stars:
A semiconductor adventure' at Arizona Science
Center, turning the complex world of
microchips into a hands-on learning
experience for young minds. Over three
months, the pop-up exhibition attracted
around 40,000 visitors. In addition, 5,700
students from low-income schools took part
through ASM-sponsored field trips.
The exhibition transformed advanced concepts into
interactive adventures. Students completed electrical
circuits using their own bodies, illuminated a periodic
table featuring semiconductor materials, and explored
a life-sized photo wall showcasing ASM’s XP8 Synergis
technology used in leading chip fabs worldwide. The
exhibition’s debut coincided with SEMICON West –
North America’s largest semiconductor conference –
held in Phoenix for the first time in its 50-year history.
Attendees were encouraged to visit the Science
Center, conveniently located just steps from the event.
ASM and Arizona Science Center built a strong
partnership in 2025. ASM launched the 'From sand to
stars' exhibition, sponsored 50 field trips for lowincome schools, and invested in the Girls in STEM
program to inspire future innovators.

“Partnering with the Arizona Science Center, we turned ASM technology
into fun, hands-on experiences that demystify chips and spark STEM
ambition. Semiconductors are now center stage, and we’re showing this
science is exciting. Our goal: every kid sees semiconductors as a world of
exploration and possibility.”
Alyx Cima
US and Europe Corporate Communications Lead and
Arizona Science Center Partnership Lead

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

51

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

52

12. Leading-edge innovation
Thanks to our decentralized R&D network, we are well positioned
to expand customer collaborations globally. In 2025, we
increased gross R&D by 9%, as we continued to execute on our
roadmaps and opportunities in the next-generation technology
nodes. R&D employees represent 27% of our total workforce.

12.1 ASM R&D strategy and model
ASM has a globally distributed R&D and engineering organization. Our
corporate R&D resources are primarily located in Helsinki, Finland, and
Leuven, Belgium. Our product-development sites are located in the
Netherlands (Almere), US (Phoenix), Japan (Tama), Korea (Hwaseong),
and Italy.
The corporate R&D group drives advanced process and materials
development, as well as process integration learning for future-generation
semiconductors that are four to eight years away from initial production at
our customers' sites.

Our Helsinki team focuses on precursor chemistry development for new
ALD materials, while our Leuven team concentrates on material application
and device characterization through integration and testing.
Each product-development site specializes in specific products and
technologies, contributing to our innovative capabilities. We have
integrated IP managers across all locations to ensure proactive
identification and protection of our innovative IP, which is crucial to our
technical leadership.

12.2 Corporate research
In 2025, we continued with increased investments and further grew our
R&D employees to accommodate the growing pipeline of new
opportunities. The capital investments included demo, R&D, and metrology
tools across all our global R&D locations.

Our long-term strategic partnership with the Interuniversity
Microelectronics Center (imec) in Leuven, Belgium, the world-leading R&D
institute in our industry, continued in 2025. The imec collaboration gives us
the opportunity to investigate, both jointly and independently, the
integration of individual process steps and new materials in electrically
active devices. We have partnered with imec since 1990, with significant
on-site representation since 1994.
ASM continued its involvement in the Semiconductor Research
Corporation (SRC) program on Nanomanufacturing Processes that first
started in 2022. Through this membership, ASM gains access to and
actively participates in forward-looking pre-competitive semiconductor
research at leading universities around the world. We also gain direct
access to graduate students, as new hires, who are highly qualified in ALD
and other relevant areas of expertise.

Our R&D facilities

Corporate R&D

Product R&D

Belgium
Leuven

Japan
Tokyo

The Netherlands
Almere

Current
US facility
Phoenix

Finland
Helsinki

Italy
Milan &
Catania

Korea
Hwaseong

Future US facility
Scottsdale
(under construction)

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

53

ASM’s R&D strengths
A legacy of innovation in materials research
ASM’s leadership in materials and precursors stems
from the acquisition in 1999 of Microchemistry Oy,
spearheaded by our visionary founder Arthur del
Prado.
Home to ASM’s early-stage R&D efforts, our R&D lab in
Helsinki, Finland, focuses on early-stage R&D for
developing new materials and precursor chemistries.
Here, ASM also formed and funded the ALD Center of
Excellence with the University of Helsinki. This
partnership advances novel research methods for
developing and adapting the study of mechanistic
details of atomic layer processes.

Deep precursor chemistry, materials, and
plasma expertise
Our geographically diverse R&D teams possess deep
expertise in precursor chemistry, complemented by
long-term strategic R&D partnerships.
In Belgium, ASM is located on the premises of imec in

“ASM’s deep materials expertise and
pioneering ALD innovations continue to power
every major transition in semiconductor device
architecture.”

Vamsi Paruchuri
VP Technical Marketing

Leuven, the world‑renowned, independent
semiconductor research institute. Our collaboration
with imec spans more than 30 years and enables us to
investigate the integration of new materials and
individual process steps into semiconductor devices
using imec’s state‑of‑the‑art pilot line. In January 2026,
ASM and imec signed their sixth consecutive Strategic
Partnership Agreement, expanding R&D activities and
collaboration.

The largest ALD product portfolio and a
growing offering in Si Epi

Early 2000s

> 50%
increase
over 2 yrs

iPhone 11

iPhone 12

iPhone 13

iPhone 15

ASM’s ALD product portfolio expanded from just three
to four layers in 2003 to over 80 layers currently,
reflecting significant advancements in deposition
technology.
One of the key breakthroughs took place in 2007,
when ASM’s Pulsar ALD tool became the first system
used in high-volume manufacturing of devices
featuring a novel hafnium-based high-k gate dielectric
at the 45nm node. In 2011, with the transition to 22nm,
ASM played an important role in supporting the
industry move from planar to FinFET transistors.

Elements accessed by ALD

1980s

Number of ALD layers

2024

Today, our large portfolio positions us as a key partner
for the leading logic/foundry players in the transition to
the GAA transistor architecture, with several
applications in ALD and Si Epi.

Patents as a strategic advantage

ASM has developed reference processes for >70% of the elements cited in ALD literature

Our innovations are backed by a robust, high‑quality
patent portfolio. This also provides a strategic
advantage – supporting long‑term value creation as
device architectures and materials systems continue
to evolve.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Through our network, we collaborate with universities in several countries
on a bilateral basis, including, among others, academic institutions in the
Netherlands, Belgium, Finland, Ireland, the United States, and South Korea.
In 2025, we continued the significantly expanded four-year collaboration
signed in 2024 with Eindhoven University of Technology (TU/e), and also
launched several new collaborations, including one with Delft University of
Technology (TU Delft).
We contribute to several process and equipment-development projects at
the major Dutch technical universities through the Dutch NWO1 funding
organization in the domain TTW2 (covering applied and engineering
sciences). In Belgium, we take part in the industrial users group for several
projects supported by the Flemish funding organization VLAIO3.
We occasionally cooperate with other semiconductor capital equipment
suppliers in complementary fields. Our aim is to learn more about how our
own deposition processes perform, in cooperation with other processes,
either in bilateral or consortia projects. We continuously engage in formal
joint-development programs (JDPs) with customers for 300mm
applications of our products. We also actively evaluate our most advanced
technologies with selected customers. The scope of these JDPs spans
many nodes – from the current node in production to N+2 and beyond
nodes in logic, foundry, DRAM and 3D‑NAND technologies. For the logic/
foundry technologies, there is a significant increase in our engagements
related to GAA devices as they enter high-volume manufacturing.

In January 2026, ASM and imec extended their strategic partnership

2

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

54

12.3 Product development
Our global product-development sites are centers of excellence for a
subset of products and technology. The Phoenix location focuses on
products for thermal ALD and Epi; Almere, the Netherlands, for vertical
furnaces; Hwaseong, Korea, for PEALD, and Tama, Japan, for PECVD and
PEALD, in collaboration with Hwaseong. Our R&D and productdevelopment facilities in Italy focus on SiC Epi.
Our key product units work with customers on the products and technology
currently in volume manufacturing or to be used in manufacturing in less
than six years' time. The global platform engineering group addresses the
need for common platforms and software for the various products in our
product portfolio, and across different key-product units. This helps us drive
the standardization of hardware and software throughout the organization.
We continuously drive innovation of our products and services to meet our
customers' evolving technology needs, while supporting the industry’s
goals of reducing costs and improving environmental performance. Our
development programs focus on increasing throughput, equipment
reliability, and yield in our customers’ manufacturing line, while also
lowering energy and resource intensity, and cost of ownership. Customers
benefit from reduced operating costs, as many of our products share the
same parts and consumables, and a common control architecture
enhances ease of use.
To support our strong increases in the ALD and Epi growth markets, we are
investing in a new cutting-edge R&D center in Scottsdale, Arizona. This
facility, announced in 2023, is making progress and will greatly expand our
R&D capabilities when completed. In 2025, we completed the next phase
of our Korean manufacturing and innovation center in Dongtan, Hwaseong,
which will further expand our R&D footprint. In 2025, ASM also announced
its intention to invest in a new facility in the Netherlands. This planned
facility in Almere will serve as ASM’s new global headquarters and include
a state-of-the-art R&D center, a dedicated training hub, and part of the
group’s product development operations. Over the coming years, ASM
expects to invest several hundred million euros in this project, marking a
significant expansion of its presence and activities in the Netherlands.

De Nederlandse Organisatie voor Wetenschappelijk Onderzoek ('Dutch Organization for Scientific Research')
Domein Toegepaste en Technische Wetenschappen ('Domain for Technical and Applied Sciences')
3
Vlaams Agentschap Innoveren & Ondernemen ('Flemish Agency for Innovation and Entrepreneurship')
1

Financial statements

ASM signs a Head of Terms with Municipality of Almere and Province of Flevoland

Improving cost of ownership and technical performance
Innovation in products and platform technology is one of ASM's most
important strengths, bringing continued improvements in technical
performance and cost of ownership. In the following section, we highlight a
few examples of the many innovations we introduced in our ALD and Epi
products.
ALD
We have optimized our ALD products and introduced specific innovations
for different applications. For example, for metal oxides, we have
developed a new reactor with the flexibility to deposit five, six, or even
seven elements. This is important because new materials are driving
Moore's Law. This ability to mix and match different precursors allows us
to develop new materials that are unknown to humanity right now. This has
been an important factor in developing new ALD applications, such as for
use in GAA and in selective ALD.
For all metal ALD applications, we have further developed and optimized a
surface clean (SC) technology. This technology has been integrated on the
same platform with the metal ALD reactors, so as not to break vacuum. SC
reactors remove any impurities or moisture from the wafer surface prior to
metal ALD deposition.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

In memory devices, ALD has seen an increase in use for gap-fill
applications. With our innovative TENZATM ALD technology, we are able to
gap-fill high aspect ratio (>100:1) structures. This ALD technology has
been selected for use in several applications in 3D-NAND.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

55

XP8E common platform

Most of the ALD films are deposited on the XP8 platform in a dual-chamber
module (DCM) or quad-chamber module (QCM) architecture, to improve
productivity and reduce the cost of ownership.
We expanded our ALD product portfolio in 2025, with an additional range
of new applications. However, we kept the key advantages of our core
reactor design consistent, such as a small reactor volume. This allows for
very fast cycling times and an ALD reactor design that provides excellent
uniformity and homogeneity. We are able to purge the precursor very
quickly, which is important for gap-fill applications where it is challenging
to purge out the precursor from the deep structures.
Si Epi
The reaction chamber design of our Epi tools includes several key
innovations, key to providing optimal value to our customers as they
transition to next-generation device structures. A notable example is
Turino-CL, introduced in 2023, which enables unmatched within-wafer and
wafer-to-wafer uniformity. Turino‑CL is the industry's first closed-loop
direct-wafer temperature measurement and control system. For more
information, refer to the Epi technology explainer in chapter 4. The ability
to actually measure and control the wafer temperature makes for accurate
matching. This allows thickness control one monolayer at a time, bringing
important advantages such as in GAA nanosheet applications. Most new
process applications are customer specific, and are typically outcomes
from our collaborative joint-development programs.

XP8E – Powering next-gen nodes
ASM’s XP8E platform is a strategic enabler for next-generation
semiconductor manufacturing, purpose-built for 2nm and beyond nodes
where complexity and precision are critical. Its modular cluster architecture
integrates multiple process steps – clean, treat, inhibit, and ALD/CVD –
delivering superior throughput, wafer-to-wafer uniformity, and cost-ofownership advantages.

XP8E provides flexibility for advanced technologies such as area-selective
deposition (ASD), high-k/metal gate integration, new memory materials,
and 3D packaging – positioning ASM at the forefront of enabling transistor
scaling and 3D architectures.

Embedded AI-driven process control enhances yield and uptime through
predictive maintenance and real-time anomaly detection, minimizing
operational risk and maximizing fab efficiency. By combining high
productivity, advanced process capability, and intelligent control, XP8E
positions ASM as a critical partner for the industry’s most advanced
technology nodes and reinforces our leadership in ALD and related
integration flows.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

56

Innovation in Spares & Services
The technology-development team in Spares & Services has grown
significantly in recent years. Innovations are multiplying worldwide, many
more are being developed, and patents are being filed. The focus of these
innovations is on the parts making up our systems. We are developing
these based on the key issues customers encounter as they use our
systems in different ways and over long periods. We focus on how we
innovate to overcome these issues, and on making the system perform
better on wafer (lower defects, better uniformity, etc.), and more
consistently over longer periods of uninterrupted use at lower costs.
Primary focuses are on evolving the internal chamber part surfaces to
make them more robust for our evolving uses, enabling the refurbishment
and reuse of parts rather than replacing them, and making parts last
longer.
We are developing AI/machine learning-based data capture and learning
so we may understand how to make our tools operate most effectively to
levels that were previously unobtainable.
Our complete kit management (CKM) solution is one example of our new
outcome-based service products developed in recent years – a service
that aims to make the maintenance process faster, more efficient, and cost
effective, through, among others, smart planning and proactive
maintenance. With CKM, we can combine the repair, replacement, and
preventive maintenance of several different parts, resulting in a significant
reduction in the time it takes for a system to be taken down for
maintenance until it is back up and running. It also means more time
between maintenance.
CKM also puts significant focus on reducing the carbon footprint of our
maintenance through repairing, refurbishing, and cleaning used parts for
reuse, rather than replacing with new parts. With our innovations in CKM,
we recognize the benefits of a circular economy and the importance of
eco-design for addressing systemic issues like climate change,
biodiversity loss, and pollution.

Life in Semiconductors: Exploring What’s Next
With Jessica Cimada - Process Engineer

Jessica, how would you describe
your job?
I’m a Process Engineer at ASM,
specializing in ALD. I often
describe it as like working with
LEGO blocks: you start with a big
block and form different layers,
then make that block smaller and
smaller, shrinking it down to an
incredibly tiny scale – far beyond
what the eye can see. That’s the
level

of precision and complexity I work
with every day.
What inspired you to get into your
field?
I didn’t initially envision a career in
technology, but my passion for
solving complex problems and
puzzles led me down this path.
Ultimately, I earned a Ph.D. –
becoming the first in my family to
achieve this milestone – which
solidified my commitment to
science and technology.

What do you like most about your
work at ASM?
Tackling complex challenges and
delivering real-world impact by
developing solutions to the most
difficult problems in semiconductor
technology as we advance toward
the Angstrom era. This journey
involves setbacks, but each failure
brings valuable lessons that move
us closer to success. At ASM, we
explore atoms so that others can
create technologies that will
change the world.
How do you see AI influencing
your work at ASM?
As engineers in the semiconductor
industry, AI unlocks a world of
opportunities. However, as users,
it’s crucial to remember that AI is a
tool – and now more than ever,
practicing critical and creative
thinking remains essential.

What has been the most exciting
achievement or highlight for you
in 2025?
Achieving my fourth published
patent and securing three
provisional patents in 2025. I also
have several more IDFs (invention
disclosure forms) on track for
submission to the patent office in
2026.
What advice would you give to
someone who wants to pursue a
career in science and
technology?
Stay curious and committed to
lifelong learning – technology
evolves rapidly, and continuous
growth is essential. Equally
important is developing strong
problem-solving skills, as careers
in science and technology revolve
around tackling complex
challenges and finding innovative
solutions.

“ASM’s innovation culture is defined by accountability,
collaboration, continuous learning, and bold
experimentation – all aimed at pushing the boundaries
of technology.”

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

57

Tech explainer

Advanced packaging – mid-term growth opportunity
Advanced Packaging (AP): Accelerating
semiconductor innovation beyond
transistor scaling
For decades, Moore’s Law – the doubling of transistors
roughly every two years – has powered extraordinary
progress in computing. Even today, transistor scaling
continues to deliver remarkable gains in performance
and energy efficiency at advanced nodes like 2nm
gate-all-around and beyond. Yet as devices grow
more complex and workloads more demanding,
system-level innovation has become just as critical as
transistor-level scaling. This is where advanced
packaging steps in, complementing Moore’s Law by
enabling new architectures that maximize the benefits
of smaller, faster transistors.

What is AP?
Traditional packaging simply protects a chip and
connects it to the board. AP, however, transforms the
package into a performance enabler by integrating
multiple dies – often built on different process nodes –
into a single, high-density system. Key technologies
include:

This approach allows designers to leverage cuttingedge transistors where they matter most – for
compute-intensive logic – while using mature nodes
for I/O, analog, and other functions. The result: better
performance, lower cost, and faster time-to-market.

Why AP matters – even as transistors
keep improving
Moore’s Law continues to deliver remarkable transistor
scaling, but today’s complex workloads demand more
than smaller nodes alone. AP amplifies these gains by
enabling chiplet architectures that improve yield and
cost, reduce latency and power through in-package
interconnects, and allow heterogeneous integration –
combining cutting-edge logic with mature I/O and

ASM’s role in enabling advanced
packaging
AP requires precision, reliability, and scalability, and
ASM is uniquely positioned to enable this
transformation through its expertise in materials
engineering and deposition technologies:

AP applications example: SoIC
(Systems on IC)
Silicon

Carrier 2
Bonding layers for fusion bonding
TDV

~16um

• 2.5D integration: Logic and memory side-by-side on
a silicon interposer for ultra-wide, low-latency
connections.
• 3D stacking: Vertical integration using TSVs
(through-silicon vias) and hybrid bonding for neartransistor-level interconnect density.
• Heterogeneous integration: Combining logic,
memory, analog, RF, and accelerators in one
compact module.

analog. It also unlocks memory bandwidth for AI and
HPC through technologies like high-bandwidth
memory (HBM), where stacked DRAM sits close to
logic for terabytes-per-second performance, lower
latency, and higher density without increasing
footprint. Together, transistor scaling and advanced
packaging are driving the next era of computing
efficiency and innovation.

BPM BPM
~16um

TSV

TSV

Die-gap fill
Die-edge fill
Bonding layers for hybrid bonding
Face (passivation)

Carrier 1

TSV liner

• Atomic layer deposition (ALD) and epitaxy: Critical
for creating ultra-thin, conformal films used in
advanced interconnects, TSV liners, and barrier
layers for 2.5D and 3D integration.
• Dielectric and metal films: Enabling hybrid bonding
and fine-pitch interconnects with low resistance
and high reliability.
• Wafer-level processing: Supporting redistribution
layers (RDL), under-bump metallization (UBM), and
advanced passivation for chiplet and HBM
integration.
• Process control and uniformity: Ensuring defectfree layers for high-yield multi-die assemblies.
As highlighted during ASM's 2025 Investor Day, our
ambition is to grow our served available market in
advanced packaging WFE to over 30% and to
strengthen our leadership in deposition technologies
that enable advanced packaging and heterogeneous
integration – creating long-term value by driving
innovation beyond transistor scaling and shaping the
future of semiconductor manufacturing.

The future: Moore’s Law + system
scaling
Transistor scaling will continue to deliver significant
gains, but the next era of computing depends on
combining smaller, faster transistors with smarter
system integration. AP is the bridge between these
worlds – transforming individual chips into powerful,
energy-efficient systems ready for AI, cloud, and edge
computing.

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

12.4 Intellectual property and patents
ASM’s intellectual property (IP) includes our patents, trade secrets,
trademarks, and copyrights. We strategically develop our IP portfolio to:
• grow shareholder value;
• strengthen our competitive advantage in the marketplace; and
• support our position to sell our products and services.
We fully understand that our IP is a critical asset that we must protect.
Failing to safeguard it can have negative consequences, such as a loss of
revenue and market position, disruptions to our supply chain, and a
reduction of public trust. Protecting our IP is also a key priority for our
stakeholders, as reflected in our sustainability materiality analysis. For
these reasons, IP protection remains essential to ASM.

Financial statements

Appendix

in the market, and maintaining a competitive advantage as a shareholder
asset.
In addition to its patent portfolio, ASM owns and maintains a portfolio of
trademarks that protect our corporate identity, product brands, and
service marks. These include registrations for key assets such as ASM and
the ASM International logo in major markets including the U.S., Europe, and
Asia. Our trademarks are an integral part of our branding strategy, helping
prevent marketplace confusion. ASM actively monitors and enforces these
trademarks to safeguard our competitive position and mitigate potential
risks from infringement.
Growth in ASM patents in force
3,953

Intellectual property portfolio strategy
New deposition technologies and chemistries continue to drive growth in
our global patent portfolio. Patents give us the right to protect and license
our innovative processes, products, and services. They also make it
possible for us to confidently share our innovations with the market. We
have developed ASM’s trade secrets through decades of focused R&D. Our
IP assets help us design and make industry-leading equipment and
processes, and they strengthen our patent portfolio, licensing, and sales
processes.

3,395
2,953

# of patents

Within 5 years

582

6-10 years

891

11-15 years

1,964

16-20 years

486

We generally file patents in the principal countries where semiconductor
devices and related equipment are made and/or sold. We review our
portfolio to make sure it is as effective as possible, while monitoring the
increase in maintenance and prosecution costs linked to a growing
portfolio. We strategically develop our IP portfolio through close
collaboration with ASM’s technical community, ensuring our strong position
1
2

https://www.lexisnexisip.com/resources/atomic-layer-deposition-thin-layers-are-a-big-thing/
https://www.lexisnexisip.com/resources/patent-asset-index

A strong and impactful IP portfolio
According to a study from LexisNexis® PatentSight® 'Atomic Layer
Deposition Thin Layers Are a Big Thing'1, ASM holds a strong and impactful
patent portfolio on its core strength of ALD as measured by both
Competitive Impact and Patent Asset Index2.
Strength of ALD patent portfolio: ASM versus competition
16
14

ASM

12
10
8

B

6

A

C

4

0

200

400

600

Portfolio size
Source: LexisNexis® PatentSight® (November 2024)

2020

2021

2022

D

0

2,250

Breakdown ASM patent portfolio by lifetime (2025)
Remaining life of patents in force

58

2

2,619
2,094

__

ASM Annual Report 2025

Competitive impact

Introduction

2023

2024

2025

Patents in force
ASM is dedicated to innovation and continues to expand its intellectual
property portfolio, regularly applying for and receiving patents. We also
maintain a considerable number of pending patent applications worldwide.
As of December 31, 2025, we had 3,953 patents in force globally,
protecting our products and services.

800

1000

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

12.5 Industry technology roadmap
At ASM, we believe that as long as there is growing demand for
semiconductors, Moore’s Law – or at least a generalized version of it – will
continue. Scaling of the smallest dimension through lithography is no
longer enough to increase density and decrease cost-per-function.
Increasingly, scaling is complemented with a move to the vertical
dimension '3D'. A first example of this was the transition from 2D-NAND to
3D-NAND non-volatile memory with, currently, more than 200 transistors
aligned vertically along a single vertical channel.
A second example of 3D is the gate-all-around (GAA) transistor, poised to
take over in coming years, following five or more generations of FinFET.
This stacks up to four channels on top of each other, significantly
multiplying the current a particular transistor can carry. Simultaneously, this
improves the control over that current. Third, chips are now stacked
vertically in a package to reduce the package size and shorten the
connection lengths between the chips. For example, a high-bandwidth
DRAM device integrates a logic chip, formerly 'the periphery' in a single
chip, with multiple vertically stacked memory arrays in a single package.
And fourth, the difficulties in scaling the cost and size of a DRAM is
expected to lead to a transition to stack transistors vertically in a 3DDRAM beyond 2026.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

59

ALD

SiC Epi

Due to its ability to create substantially uniform and high-quality layers of
complex materials over 3D structures (‘conformality’) at relatively low
temperature, the share of ALD (including PEALD) in the deposition market
is expected to grow substantially with this trend towards 3D. On the one
hand, existing technologies like LPCVD are being replaced by single-wafer
ALD. On the other hand, new ALD processes will enable further changes in
device architecture that will not be possible with other deposition
technologies. New materials, such as better conductors and insulators, for
example, will be needed to maintain adequate electrical performance.
Materials need to be deposited in narrow, deep gaps, without any holes or
seams. More and more of these critical process steps are expected to
migrate towards ALD and PEALD.

Another area of growing semiconductor demand is for power devices,
especially due to the increasing market for electric vehicles and other
power applications. Within this growing market, the use of silicon carbide in
power devices is expanding.

Si Epi
The GAA transistors will rely on an epitaxial superlattice of as many as
eight to 10 silicon and silicon-germanium layers. For 3D-DRAM, this
superlattice is expected to be even taller – starting with around 64 layers.
This is expected to scale quickly to even more layers. The new GAA
transistors will also need new epitaxial contact layers, selectively grown
bottom up with high doping. In addition, power electronics for, among
others, electric vehicles, will need thick epitaxial layers.

SiC devices provide greater battery life and a longer range for electric
vehicles. Because of its wide band gap, SiC is highly efficient at high
voltages, offering higher power efficiency, increased power density –
resulting in reduced component weight and size – and faster batterycharging times. Our SiC tools use an epitaxy process to deposit the SiC
materials on either bare substrates or as part of the transistor device
fabrication process. Most SiC epitaxy is currently done on 150mm wafers,
but is expected to move to 200mm in coming years to reduce costs. The
transition to 200mm SiC is a major technological inflection point that
positions single-wafer reactors like ASM's particularly well, as thickness
and material uniformity control are more challenging at 200mm.

Overall, we believe ALD and Epi are the most important growth markets, at
least in the next five years. Accordingly, we have focused most of our R&D
spend on these technologies.

Logic

__

DRAM

3D-NAND

FinFET

GAA

CFET

6F2

4F2

3D-DRAM

2012

2025

2031

2004

2028

2032+

Layers

1xx

2xx

4xx

2015

2022

2026

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Next chapter in Korea operations as innovation
and manufacturing center opens
In 2025, ASM’s vision to strengthen its global
manufacturing and technology capabilities in Korea
became a reality. With the opening of our new
innovation and manufacturing center in Dongtan,
Hwaseong, in December, a strategically important site
was transformed into one of ASM's core global hubs
for advanced semiconductor equipment and
technology.
The expanded campus – now featuring a second
building with 1.5 times more floor space – brings
together two state-of-the-art cleanrooms, a modern
warehouse logistics system, and a future-ready office
environment designed for collaboration, focus, and
wellbeing.
Inside this new center, engineers and researchers
work side by side to support some of the most
advanced semiconductor roadmaps in the world.
Hwaseong is instrumental to our growth, delivering
next-generation R&D and technology for Korean and

global customers. It is also ASM’s global center for
PEALD, where innovations such as the ALD quadchamber module (QCM), TENZA™ ALD for ultra-high
aspect-ratio gap-fill, and high-quality PEALD oxides
and nitrides for critical patterning applications were
pioneered.
The facility strengthens ASM’s global manufacturing
footprint while reinforcing Korea’s role as a strategic
base for innovation and future growth.

Commitment to community
The impact of the new center extends beyond
technology. With the Hwaseong campus fully
operational, ASM has created new high-value jobs
across engineering, R&D, and manufacturing, while
deepening partnerships with local suppliers. We’ve
steadily expanded hiring in Korea and are actively
engaged in sustainable community initiatives,
reaffirming our commitment to nurturing local talent.
This includes donations and long-term support for
organizations dedicated to STEM education. In 2023,
we donated KRW 100 million to the Hwaseong City
Human Resource Development Foundation and
supported local students through global site visits
under the ‘Hwaseong into Technopole’ program. At the
opening ceremony of the center, our Supervisory
Board Chair, Pauline van der Meer Mohr, presented an
additional KRW 70 million donation, pledging continued
contributions to talent development and regional
industry growth.

A new chapter begins
Opening this center during ASM's 30th anniversary in
Korea marks the beginning of our next chapter. We're
expanding our investments and strengthening our
advanced manufacturing capabilities, positioning
Hwaseong as a driving force behind the next wave of
semiconductor breakthroughs.
At ASM, we stay ahead of what’s next, and expanding
our facility in Hwaseong will play a crucial role in this
mission as we work towards new innovations and
unlock new opportunities.

“The new innovation and manufacturing
center in Hwaseong anchors ASM’s next
chapter of excellence. Korea is a strategic
hub for cutting-edge semiconductor
innovation and a cornerstone of ASM’s
global growth strategy.”

__

60

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

61

13. Operational excellence
ASM’s global operations and supply chain provide a robust
foundation that enables the company to build world‑class
semiconductor equipment and support sustained growth.

13.1 Manufacturing operations
ASM has its largest manufacturing site in Singapore. In Korea, we
significantly increased capacity in 2025, with the completion of our new
expanded innovation and manufacturing facility. Being close to the R&D
centers, our manufacturing sites are adding value as ideal sites for piloting
new products. This allows for faster time to market through better
collaboration between the design, new product engineering, and
manufacturing teams.
ASM investing in flexible manufacturing capacity
Manufacturing capacity indexed to 2020
750

500

volume products and applying same concepts to our new products, and by
enhancing facilities to support the increasing complexity of our products.
We aim to further extend the scope of ASM's manufacturing strategy of
distributed manufacturing model in support of our ability to scale. Our
business model with regional contract manufacturers will be strengthened
to foster stronger collaboration.
We view our contract manufacturers – our key strategic partners – as
'ASM's extended factories'. We engage them as partners, supporting their
operations so they can play an integral role in realizing ASM's distributed
manufacturing model.
Globally, ASM continued to increase its efficiency in 2025, and this will
remain a key focus for 2026:
• In Korea, the expansion of our footprint in 2025 will enable roughly a
three-fold increase in manufacturing capacity. This will support our
existing and future high-volume manufacturing demand, as well as new
applications as they move into the high-volume manufacturing phase.
• Singapore, our global operation hub, will continue to produce ~80% of
ASM's total volume with high efficiency, while also enabling new
product pilots supported by a strong regionally close supply-chain base.
We continue to invest in innovating our manufacturing processes and are
excited about the significant strides we made in 'Build' and 'Test'
methodologies in 2025.

250

0
2020

2021

2022

2023

2024

2025

20262030

To support scalability of the business and the increasing number of new
product pilots in our global manufacturing footprints, we will continue to
focus on increasing capacity and flexibility through manufacturing process
innovation using advanced technology. This includes automation for high-

As we advance these efforts, we will continue investing in learning and
providing our people with overseas exposure, while also hiring talent with
the right skill sets to support the transformation toward a truly
state‑of‑the‑art manufacturing entity.
Our manufacturing facilities follow the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA)
Code of Conduct.

Improving product quality
Delivering product quality that exceeds customer expectations is a top
priority for ASM. We aim to collaborate with our customers and strive to
support them with systemic improvements. We foster strong collaboration
with internal stakeholders – field service engineering teams, design
engineering, and global product managers – to enhance end-to-end startup quality at customer sites. ASM did not have any product quality recalls
or related material financial impacts in the period 2020-2025.
Our focus also includes suppliers' quality improvement, and we partner
with them to draw on each other's expertise to exceed end-customers'
expectations.
On new products, our suppliers partner with ASM cross-functional teams on
cost, manufacturability, and reliability as early as the design phase. Being able
to anticipate potential issues and eliminate them has led to a reduction in the
non-conformance of new products.
In 2025, ASM had many success stories in our manufacturing worldwide.
These include:
• Innovation in non-conformance preventive measures in our
manufacturing processes;
• New product quality aims to 'do it right the first time' through 'design for
assembly, test and quality' for ASM; and
• Collaborating with key suppliers to enhance testing methodologies for
better efficiency and quality.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

In 2025, we also advanced several programs to enable future growth,
including a major ERP migration, a product lifecycle management (PLM)
upgrade, the introduction of a supplier portal, improvements to our end-toend planning processes, and the hiring of AI experts to enhance and set
the foundation to successfully scale ASM.

A well-positioned supply chain

ASM's new innovation and manufacturing hub in Korea: cleanroom view

With these experiences, we have outlined new initiatives for 2026 to
further lead our team on our continuous improvement journey, including
standardizing manufacturing improvements, digitalization, and automation.
We will continue our focus on high-value engineering roles to support
innovation in manufacturing to stay ahead of what's next.
Coupled with the increased capacity in our Singapore and Korea facilities,
we believe we have the internal assembly capacity in place to reach our
revenue target through 2030.

Managing a global supply chain with leading-edge parts and technologies
is becoming increasingly complex. In recent years, we have faced extreme
challenges – from natural disasters to COVID-driven shortages. Constantly
changing rules and regulations, geopolitical tensions, tariffs, and shifting
materials flows mean that a diversified and well-established supply chain is
now more critical than ever to ensuring continuity of supply. ASM’s supply
chain is geographically well positioned to support our customers despite
these external pressures. Lessons from the recent past have taught us to
expect the unexpected, and to protect ASM across the entire value chain –
from raw materials to manufacturing to after-market support. By
maintaining strong alignment with suppliers to plan for a range of risks,
building resiliency into our network, and ensuring we have capabilities that
can be quickly ramped in other geographies, we can respond quickly to
new challenges without impacting ASM manufacturing or our customers.
ASM has secured some key raw materials and capacity for constrained
parts and suppliers, and is working with suppliers to ensure the right
measures are in place – such as capacity expansions, sub-tier
development, and process improvements.
Supplier spend by geography
as a %

13.2 Global supply chain
ASM’s global supply chain continues to develop in scope and depth as it
scales to support ASM’s ambitions for future growth and technology
leadership. With expanded manufacturing in Korea, a new facility pending
in Scottsdale, and growing after-market needs, ASM is ensuring supplier
capacity and capability stay ahead of these demands. We are doing this by
increasing engagement with global suppliers, engaging earlier for key new
product development, and partnering on after-market support close to
customers.

6
21
Asia
US
EU
68

__

62

Supply chain model

MIT model
Contract manufacturing
module + customization
and test

Ship to customer

Old model
Contract
manufacturing
module

Send to ASM

ASM to
customize
and test

Ship to
customer

What worked yesterday will not work in the future
The incredible pace of innovation and the ever-increasing technology
requirements for suppliers’ parts means the entire supply chain needs to
continue to improve. Cleanliness specifications, tolerances, and accuracies
for parts that were sufficient in the past may no longer meet the demands
needed to achieve the advanced geometries required for on‑wafer
performance in ASM’s tools. We work closely with suppliers to drive
continuous improvements – implementing statistical controls, in-line
metrics, and enhanced inspection supported by AI and data-driven
initiatives. These efforts ensure that evolving requirements are met and
that ASM can maintain its technology leadership. Over the past year, ASM
has worked closely with suppliers to develop IP-controlled manufacturing
methods, surface treatments and new technologies to keep us ahead of
the competition.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Old
way

Concept /
design

Approach

Prototype
(lab)

Setup and process

Customer
evaluation

Customer
pilot

CIP

Volume start

Old way: 2-3 years

New
way

Customer
pilot / CIP at
customer

Build #1
Concept /
design

63

Tools, data and growing towards AI

Advanced supplier collaboration powering faster builds

Mindset

__

Customer
build #1

Volume start

New way: 6-18 months

As customers advance their technology at an ever‑increasing pace, it has
become even more critical for ASM’s suppliers to deliver parts quickly, with
high quality, and to ramp rapidly. Expectations have shifted dramatically
from the past, when new parts underwent long cycles of lab testing,
iterative improvements, and gradual evaluation at customer sites before
reaching high‑volume production. Today, the timeline from engineering
idea, to part manufacturing, to installation in a customer fab is extremely
short. To succeed in this environment, ASM partners with suppliers who
can be flexible, support quick-turn capabilities, and partner with
engineering teams on new requirements and capabilities. These key
supplier partnerships have enabled ASM to build new tools in a relatively
short timeframe, with improved designs and processes right from the start.
ASM continues to strengthen these key supplier relationships while also
engaging new suppliers who are willing to innovate alongside us.

After-market growth
A critical area of growth and customer enablement is the work we do
directly with customers and suppliers to support the after-market and drive
part improvements for the installed base tools. ASM is developing some of
the most advanced processes for surface treatments, part metrology, and
particle control. We are designing and manufacturing tools and
methodologies that are being integrated directly into suppliers’ processes,
enabling customers to realize improvements in tool performance. This
capability – combined with strong supplier partnerships – allows ASM to
solve some of our customers’ challenges in a timely and tailored way,
specific to each customer, node and process.

ASM went through a major ERP and PLM change this year. These
transitions were completed without any impact on the supply chain or
manufacturing – an outstanding accomplishment given the many examples
of companies that have been severely impacted by similar changes.
These improvements will enable ASM to operate more efficiently, increase
transparency, and strengthen collaboration with suppliers around changes
and updates. Some of these enhancements also support the new Supplier
Portal, which improves communication with suppliers. For more information
on ASM's S/4HANA implementation, see page 43.
These new tools also form the foundation for ASM’s end-to-end planning
improvements, enabling the company to grow in a seamless manner. ASM
is exploring various ways to integrate AI capabilities into its operations to
improve planning, capacity management, workflows, manufacturing, and
inventory management. Together, these initiatives are laying the
foundation for ASM’s ambitions.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

64

14. Sustainability highlights
Environmental highlights

Social highlights

SDGs

Saving 528 MWh through
energy-efficiency projects
& additional renewableelectricity generation

A reduction in Scope 3 CO2e
emissions intensity of 47%
against baseline

Lowered our recordable injury
rate to 0.13 (from 0.24 in
2024)

Reduced the overall
number of high-risk 3TG
smelters in our supply
chain by 25%

Attaining a CDP 'A' rating for
Climate for the second
consecutive year

25% of critical suppliers
committed to sciencebased reduction targets

Reduction in suppliers at
risk for health and safety and
involuntary labor by 5%

Platinum status and perfect
(200-point) score in
Singapore RBA VAP audit

Sustainalytics
(risk rating)

MSCI ESG

Innovation is at the heart of our purpose to improve people’s lives. Our
vision is to lead in sustainability, setting ambitious goals and aligning our
priorities with global standards to extend our reach and influence. Our
integrated effort aligns with our long-term value-creation goals for all our
stakeholders and supports the advancement of five UN SDGs that are
intrinsic to our business strategy:

ESG-rating results
CDP Climate Change
and Water security

A / ASecond year on Climate A List

S&P Global CSA

and yearbook member

81

(negligible risk)

7.6

AA

Improved from 2024

Improved from 2024

On par with 2024

ISS ESG Corporate Rating

FTSE Russell

C+

4

On par with 2024

On par with 2024

(Prime)

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

65

Our 2030 ESG strategy
Embedding sustainability across our
business and value chain.
ASM's 2030 ESG strategy sets a clear course
for action on how we will drive sustainable
growth and long-term resilience across our
value chain through a set of new multi-year
targets, extending to 2030 and beyond.
Built around five sustainability pillars, the strategy
reflects our ambition to create shared value for all our
stakeholders. Our 2030 strategy provides a forwardlooking framework that embeds sustainability at the
core of our decision-making. It sets out a series of
ambitious multi-year targets that will guide how we
innovate, manage our impact, and collaborate across
the value chain to advance responsible growth.

Innovation
Product sustainability*

• 35% precursor consumption
reduction per wafer (key ALD
processes)
• 35% reduction thermal energy
per wafer (thermal-driven
products)
• 20% reduction RF energy per
wafer (plasma-driven products)

People
Workplace safety

• Recordable injury rate of 0.15 or
lower

Inclusive workforce

• Sustain global gender pay
parity (≤3% median gap) across
all roles and regions
• Female representation for
company of ≥25%
• Female representation for subboard of ≥25%

Planet
Net zero

• Continue SBTi validated net-zero
decarbonization pathways across
scopes
• Maintain 100% renewable
electricity for global operations
• 10 GWh aggregate energy
savings within global operations

Climate resilience & adaptation

• Green building site

certifications for all new
construction

Supply chain
Human rights and safety

• ≥80% of ASM's most critical
direct-material supplier sites
are verified as conformant with
our Supplier Code of Conduct

Responsible sourcing

• ≥80% of 3TG smelters or
refiners are meeting industry
standards

Decarbonizing the supply
chain

• Top 100 emitting suppliers for
Scope 3.1 have a climate
transition plan

* The product sustainability targets year is 2035

“Our 2030 strategy reflects the next stage of our journey:
turning ambition into action, and ensuring that
sustainability is a driver of growth, innovation, and
resilience.”

Dylan McNeill
Senior Director Sustainability

Governance
Ethics and integrity

• Healthy awareness of our Code
of Business Conduct policies
through ≥97% annual training
completion

Speak-up culture

• Healthy utilization of our
whistleblower channel

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Innovation

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

People

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Planet

Supply chain

__

66

Governance

Product sustainability

Workplace safety

Net zero

Human rights and safety

Ethics and integrity

Reduction in precursor consumption per
wafer (key ALD processes)1

Recordable injury rate (per 100 employees)

Scope 1+2 (market based) percent
reduction in line with our net-zero pathway3

% of ASM’s most critical direct material
supplier sites verified as conformant to our
Supplier Code of Conduct

Healthy awareness of our Code of Business
Conduct policies through annual training
completion

Target
2024

N/A

2025

2030

2035

(10)%

N/A

(3)%

2025

2030

0.24

0.13

0.15

2035

2030

Target
2024

(61%)

Inclusive workforce

2025

(44)%

2030

Reduction in RF energy per wafer
(plasma-driven products)1

(90)%

2024

N/A

2025

2030

—%

Target
2024

2025

2030

97%

97%

97%

2035

2024

2025

2030

2035

(44%)

(47)%

(48)%

(97)%

Maintain 100% renewable electricity for
global operations

Female representation within sub-board

Target
Target

2035

(20)%

2025

2030

N/A

8%

80%

Target
2035

2024

2025

2030

95%

91%

97%

2035

2024

2025

2030

22%

19%

25%

2035

2024

2025

2030

2035

100%

100%

100%

100%

Target
2025

2030

19%

19%

25%

Speak-up culture

% of 3TG smelters or refiners that are
meeting industry standards

Healthy utilization rate of our
whistleblower channel (per 100 employees)

Target
2024

2025

2030

N/A

65%

80%

Target
2035

2024

2025

2030

0.58%

0.63%

0.8-1.2%

2035

Aggregate energy savings within global
operations (in GWh)

Female representation across the
company2
2024

Responsible sourcing
Target

2

Target

2024

Scope 3 intensity reduction in line with our
net-zero pathway3

2035

(35)%

Target

2035

(41)%

Global gender pay gap across all roles and
regions

Target
2025

2024

(35)%

Reduction in thermal energy per wafer
(thermally-driven products)1

2024

Target

Target
2035

2024

2025

2030

N/A

0.53

10.00

2035

¹ Targets and results are against a 2023 baseline.
² Targets and results exclude ASM’s US-based employee population.
³ Targets and results are against a 2021 baseline

.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

14.1 Message from our Head of Sustainability
John Golightly, Head of Sustainability at ASM, reflects on our
sustainability journey in 2025, highlighting key achievements
in climate action, human rights, and supply-chain
engagement. Sustainability is becoming increasingly
embedded in ASM’s strategy and operations, with new
initiatives and updated multi-year targets introduced to
deepen impact across the value chain. He also shares his
perspective on the semiconductor industry’s role – and ASM’s
contribution – in addressing future sustainability challenges
and creating lasting positive change for society and the
planet.

Financial statements

Appendix

“Accelerate Sustainability is a
strategic objective for ASM because
it’s good for the planet and society,
and makes strong business sense.”
Global developments
In 2025, ASM continued to advance its sustainability ambitions, despite
shifting perceptions of ESG, regulatory complexity, and political
polarization. Our strategy has always recognized that sustainability
delivers a dual benefit: it creates positive impact for society and the
environment while making strong business sense.
ASM’s commitment to sustainability is more than a responsibility – it’s a
strategic advantage. Our technologies are essential building blocks for the
digital transformation that underpins a cleaner, smarter future. Innovations
in clean energy, from managing electrical grids to energy storage and
electric vehicles, depend on advanced semiconductor solutions. Likewise,
digital tools such as AI, IoT, and smart factories drive efficiency and reduce
environmental impact. A sustainable digital future is core to ASM’s strategy
because it benefits society and the planet while creating long-term growth
opportunities. With breakthrough technologies such as ALD and gate-allaround, ASM is uniquely positioned to enable this transformation and
deliver value for all stakeholders.

John Golightly
Head of Sustainability

Another clear example of this dual benefit of sustainability is our focus on
product sustainability and innovation. Like most companies, our Scope 3
emissions are our largest source, with product use and purchased goods
and services accounting for more than 90%. We are making strong
progress in reducing product footprints and designing more sustainable
solutions through initiatives such as complete kit management and service
models that eliminate hazardous chemicals and promote reusable parts.
These innovations not only lower our customers’ environmental impact for
years to come but also make our products more energy-efficient, reducing
operating costs, and enhancing competitiveness. Together with supply

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

67

chain programs, these efforts position ASM for success in achieving our
Scope 3-reduction ambitions.
Positive efforts are also underway at the policy level. ASM supports the
EU’s efforts to revisit its sustainability framework to boost
competitiveness, with the Omnibus proposal simplifying CSRD, CSDD, and
Taxonomy rules. The pragmatic approach will allow companies like ASM to
focus resources on the actual work of decarbonization and supply chain
engagement to expand positive impact. Outside the EU, where a large
majority of our supply chain resides, we are seeing strong global support
for improved disclosure norms through adoptions or alignment with the
ISSB (IFRS S1/S2) framework in multiple countries. The alignment of global
standards will strengthen ASM’s ability to drive progress across our supply
chain.

Supporting our supply chain
A success story in 2025 I am particularly proud of and excited to see
continue is our new SCORE program. SCORE (Supplier Consulting in
Optimization, Renewables, and Emissions) is a high-impact engagement
initiative connecting ASM subject-matter experts (SMEs) in our
sustainability team directly with our suppliers. Our SMEs visit, survey, and
help suppliers understand concepts as well as the physical attributes of
their sites and operations, driving energy efficiencies. We have already
seen early efficiency gains at key suppliers, demonstrating the higher
impact of this approach compared to standard assessments. This program
complements our continued sponsorship of the Catalyze program, which
provides suppliers with education and access to several renewable
electricity programs tailored to their needs. We will continue SCORE in
2026, broadening our outreach to new supplier regions. Building their
resilience in turn builds our resilience.

Net-zero progress
Similar to the steps we have taken in addressing Scope 3 emissions, I am
encouraged by the progress we have made over the past few years on our
Scope 1 and 2. We continued to source 100% renewable electricity for our
global operations for the second consecutive year. While we saw a small
uptick in the Scope 1 and 2 total emissions due to the opening of a new
site in Korea, we remain on track under the SBTi pathway toward Net Zero
by 2035. We are expanding solar PV installations in Korea and Singapore
and planning large arrays at our new Scottsdale facility currently under
construction. Beyond generation, we focus on reducing consumption: in

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

2025, we made good progress on energy efficiency, with another 0.5 GWh
in energy-efficiency improvements, contributing to a more than 1.5%
reduction over three years.

Embedding sustainability
To achieve our objectives and ambitions, sustainability must be embedded
across ASM operations, becoming part of our identity rather than a
standalone strategic objective. In 2025, we advanced a multi-year effort to
institutionalize this, strengthening governance, enterprise processes,
functional capabilities, and department-specific KPIs that anchor
sustainability in operational decision-making. This foundation will deepen
further in 2026. I am encouraged by how these efforts are elevating our
innovation culture, sharpening execution, and strengthening long-term
resilience.
In this report we introduce updated multi-year targets across all
sustainability and ESG areas, extending to 2030 and beyond. These
targets define the progress we aim to deliver, reinforce the structural
elements required for disciplined execution, and provide the transparency
and accountability our stakeholders rightly expect.

Health and safety
Our teams are the most important asset we have. Without their hard work
and innovation, we would not be the company we are today. We strive to
eliminate the risk of incident and injury in all that we do, through the safe
design of our equipment, safety controls in our operations, and growing a
culture that respects health and safety. We’re proud that in 2025 we
achieved our lowest recordable rate ever – 0.13. While this puts us ahead
of the 2030 absolute target, our real challenge is maintaining this level of
performance year over year. Our journey is only just beginning. Over the
past two years, we have built a strong foundation by engaging and
enabling our employees to work more safely, to speak up when they see
concerns knowing that action will be taken, and to feel more connected to
our shared safety goals. Through our annual Be Safe Week – now entering
its third year – we take time to reflect on our progress, have some fun with
safety, and connect with each other to remember who we stay safe for
and who we protect. This reminder helps reinforce and strengthen our
safety culture.

Financial statements

Appendix

Looking ahead
In uncertain times, we must take decisive action that benefits the business,
our planet and society. As a key provider of digital transformation
technology, ASM has an obligation to listen to our stakeholders who want a
strong and resilient business, as well as the technology needed for a digital
transformation. Our customers demand more energy-efficient equipment
and innovations in transistor technology, while shareholders expect ASM to
remain resilient in a changing world. The actions we take today to deliver
on this and embed resilient practices in our operations and value chain, will
yield results in the future. ASM is proud of its rich history in enabling digital
technologies and looks forward to contributing to sustainable and resilient
technologies of the future.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

68

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Sustainability
statements
15. General disclosures

70

16. Climate action

77

17. People

93

18. Supply chain responsibility

103

19. Business conduct

109

20. EU Taxonomy

112

15.1 Company overview
15.2 Sustainability governance
15.3 Stakeholder engagement
15.4 Impacts, risks, and opportunities (IROs)

70
70
72
72

__

69

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

70

15. General disclosures
ASM maintains a strong commitment to transparency and
accountability in its sustainability practices. Our sustainability
governance framework outlines the key policies, processes, and
risk-management practices that guide our decision-making. By
embedding sustainability throughout our operations, we aim to
ensure that our efforts are aligned with stakeholder expectations
and support ASM's long-term value creation.

15.2 Sustainability governance
Sustainability leadership council

Supervisory Board
Management Board
Chair

15.1 Company overview
Our sustainability statements
While the European Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive has not
been transposed and implemented in Dutch law on the date of this Annual
Report, our sustainability statements have been prepared in accordance
with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) and are
compliant with the reporting requirements adopted pursuant to Article 8 of
Regulation (EU) 2020/852. The sustainability statements cover ASM’s
consolidated performance, the same as our financial statements. No
entities were excluded. We incorporate, where needed, relevant financial
data derived from our consolidated financial statements, which adhere to
IFRS. Our sustainability policies, actions, metrics, and targets include
important data from both upstream and downstream value chain activities.
These include:
• Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, covering significant
upstream and downstream value chain activities.
• Supply chain disclosures, covering material impacts, risks, and
opportunities (IROs) related to workers in ASM's value chain.
For areas outside of these specific disclosures, we concentrate on our
internal operations, with qualitative insights into the value chain provided
when necessary. Quantitative metrics are generally focused on ASM's
direct activities unless specified otherwise. For details about our business
model, products, and value chain, refer to sections 4.2, 4.3, and chapters 5
and 6, (in accordance with ESRS SBM-1).

Sustainability

Planet

Supply chain

Innovation

People

IP & cybersecurity

Throughout 2025, the Management Board has received quarterly updates
on performance against key metrics and targets. The Supervisory Board,
either directly or through its Audit Committee, also receives quarterly
updates. These updates focus on our sustainability performance against
targets, including progress on our net-zero ambition, health and safety
programs, gender-diversity initiatives, and business conduct matters. The
Supervisory Board plays an oversight role on our sustainability strategy.
The Audit Committee plays an oversight role in ensuring the accuracy and
integrity of our sustainability reporting. The Nomination, Selection, and
Remuneration (NSR) committee plays an oversight role for Inclusion,
Diversity, and Belonging. For more information on the composition of the
Management Board, Supervisory Board, Audit Committee, and NSR
Committee including their roles, responsibilities, charters, and expertise in
sustainability matters, refer to sections 21.5, 22, 23, and 24.2 of this
report.

Sustainability incentive schemes
Corporate control and Finance
Communications

Organization of our sustainability framework
Our sustainability governance is fully integrated into the organization, with
strategic management residing with the Sustainability Leadership Council
(SLC), chaired by the Senior Director Sustainability. The SLC meets
monthly to review material IROs related to sustainability and reports to the
Management Board. The SLC is comprised of functional leaders, with
functions represented in the graphic above. Sustainability targets are
developed through an internal management process. Stakeholders are not
directly involved in target setting unless explicitly stated for a specific
topic. Sustainability is overseen by the Management Board, which takes
responsibility for managing sustainability risks, setting targets, and
integrating these factors into strategic decisions. This includes matters
pertaining to climate change.

Sustainability is a key driver of decision-making at ASM, with
sustainability-related objectives integrated into incentive schemes across
the organization. In 2025, 25% of the short-term incentives (STI) for the
Management Board were based on non-financial targets, including:
• Reducing product equivalent energy use and related GHG emissions;
• Delivering annualized energy savings across ASM sites;
• Increasing supplier coverage with science-based Scope 1+2 reduction
targets; and
• Reducing the total recordable injury rate through an increased safety
culture and improved structural safety measures.

”In our second year of CSRD reporting, we continue to
strengthen how we measure and disclose our impact, ensuring
transparency and accountability remain central to our
sustainability journey.”

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Performance is evaluated on a sliding scale, with the specific terms
approved by the Supervisory Board, as advised by the NSR Committee. For
details on performance against these targets, refer to the remuneration
report (in Chapter 26). Beyond the Management Board, sustainability goals
are embedded in corporate objectives as well as department-level
objectives, ensuring a company-wide focus on sustainability performance.

Sustainability due diligence
Sustainability due diligence is woven into our governance, strategy, and
business model. We continuously engage with stakeholders, identify and
assess potential adverse impacts, take action to address them, and track
the effectiveness of our efforts to ensure meaningful progress.
Due diligence coverage
Core elements of due diligence

Sections in the report

a) Embedding due diligence in governance, strategy, Section 15.1
and business model
Section 15.2
b) Engaging with affected stakeholders in all key
steps of the due diligence

Section 15.3
Section 17.1
Section 18.2

c) Identifying and assessing adverse impacts

Section 15.4

d) Taking actions to address those adverse impacts

Sections 16.3-16.5
Chapter 17
Section 18.3
Section 19.2

e) Tracking the effectiveness of these efforts and
communicating how impacts are addressed

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Our sustainability reporting principles

__

• Timeliness: Prioritizing timely reporting to ensure information is available

Our non-financial information is measured and monitored according to a
set of clear reporting principles, which ensures that our sustainability
disclosures are both comprehensive and reliable. These are:
• Sustainability context: Integrating sustainability into reporting by
considering social, financial, and environmental impacts. We prioritize
long-term value for stakeholders and align with global sustainability
standards.
• Balance: Providing a balanced view that reflects both strengths and
areas for improvement. We offer a fair assessment of our overall
performance.
• Comparability: Facilitating meaningful comparisons of performance and
metrics over time. We apply consistent methodologies to ensure our
reports remain reliable and insightful.
• Clarity: Ensuring information is clear and accessible for all stakeholders.
We make it easy to understand and utilize our reports.
• Completeness: Ensuring reports include all relevant non-financial data
for a comprehensive view. We regularly reassess our data to maintain its
accuracy as our organization evolves.
• Accuracy: Committing to precise data quantification to support informed
decision-making. We strive to minimize bias and uncertainty in our
reporting.
• Verifiability: Documenting and disclosing processes transparently to
allow independent verification. We reinforce trust in our data through
accountability.

when needed. We enable stakeholders to make well-informed
decisions.
Through these principles, we have implemented a robust framework to
determine and disclose material sustainability information in line with the
criteria set out in ESRS 1 §3.2. For each material impact, risk, and
opportunity identified through our double materiality assessment (DMA),
we evaluate which data points and qualitative information are required to
reflect the nature, scale, and likelihood of those matters. Quantitative and
qualitative thresholds are applied to ensure relevance and proportionality
of disclosures.
Key elements of the framework are as follows:
a. Three lines of defense model to ensure effective reporting processes;
b. Multi-layered internal control system combining preventive, detective,
and remediating activities to uphold information integrity;
c. Quarterly review meetings with topic owners and senior management to
assess our key performance indicators; and
d. Quarterly report-out on the operating effectiveness of our control
measures to the Management Board and Audit Committee.

Our sustainability reporting principles

Purpose
Mitigate risks of
material
misstatement

Three lines of
defense model
Ensures effective
reporting
processes

71

Multi-layered
internal control
system
Combines preventive,
detective
and remediating
activities for
information
integrity

Quarterly
review meetings

Quarterly
report-out

External
auditor

Involves topic
owners and senior
management to
assess KPIs

Reports on control
measures to the
management board
and audit committee

Limited assurance
provided on nonfinancial information

Outcome
Ensures
accurate
and reliable
sustainability
reporting

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Data methods, limitations, and estimations
For more information on our data definitions, methods, limitations,
estimations, and restatements of historic figures, refer to chapter 32 of this
report.

Financial statements

Stakeholder engagement is central to our sustainability strategy. We align
our policies with global standards and engage with a variety of
organizations to advance shared priorities and drive progress on our
sustainability goals. ASM's stakeholder framework focuses on regular
engagement to reflect stakeholder interests in our sustainability strategy
and keep our key Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities (IROs) up to date.
On the right is the stakeholder engagement table, which captures the main
stakeholders and type of touchpoints we employ. It provides a nonexhaustive list of touchpoints that occurred in 2025, in the context of
stakeholder engagement and insights-gathering via regular business
operations. This also feeds into our identification process towards ASM’s
material IROs. For more information, refer to section 15.4 'Impacts, risks,
and opportunities'.

__

72

15.4 Impacts, risks, and opportunities (IROs)

Touchpoints

Applicable focus areas

Our double materiality assessment (DMA)

Customers

• Periodic meetings
• Key account management
• Development sessions
• Joint (innovation) projects

• Innovation
• Planet
• People
• Responsible supply chain

Employees

• All-employee meetings
• Works council, employee
resource groups,
engagement surveys
• Employee development
dialogues

• Innovation
• Planet
• People

We conduct an annual materiality assessment to evaluate our sustainability
priorities from two angles: the impacts that ASM has on people and the
planet, as well as the financial risks and opportunities that sustainability
topics might have on ASM. This process identifies material impacts, risks,
and opportunities (IROs), ensuring we focus on areas where our
sustainability strategy can drive the most value. The process involves four
steps:

Investors

• Annual General Meetings
• Roadshows
• Conference calls
• Broker conferences

• Innovation
• Planet
• People
• Responsible supply chain
• Governance

Suppliers

• Commodity manager
engagement
• Annual Supplier Day
• Quarterly business reviews

• Innovation
• Planet
• People
• Responsible supply chain
• Governance

• Engagement letters and
sessions
• Bilateral dialogues

• Planet
• People
• Responsible supply chain

Industry
consortia

• R&D partnerships
• RBA; SEMI; SIA; SESHA;
RE100
• UN Global Compact

• Innovation
• Planet
• People
• Responsible supply chain
• Governance

Communities

• Employee volunteering
• Company donations
• Contributions to local
communities

• Planet
• People

NGOs

By maintaining strategic relationships with groups like SEMI, the
Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), and RE100, we actively contribute to
industry-wide efforts to advance sustainability. In 2025, ASM continued to
chair the Semiconductor Climate Consortium for its third year. We also
continued to serve on the board of the UN Global Compact Network
Netherlands. Our active participation in these groups strengthens our
approach to corporate responsibility and keeps us at the forefront of
sustainability initiatives.

ASM Annual Report 2025

Stakeholder touchpoints

15.3 Stakeholder engagement
ASM stakeholder framework

Appendix

1. Operating environment analysis: We assess our business context, value
chain, and stakeholder landscape. We examine the full scope of our
business activities, from upstream suppliers like smelters, component
producers, contract manufacturers, and utility providers to downstream
customers, including semiconductor manufacturers.
2. Identifying long-list topics: We define our sustainability priorities through
stakeholder touchpoints, benchmarking activities, and industry research
conducted by our internal experts. Identified topics are informed by the
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), peer and industry
research, and ASM’s enterprise risk-management framework.
3. Prioritization and validation: The long-list of sustainability topics is
refined through workshops and consultations with both internal and
external stakeholders. Methods such as surveys, expert interviews, and
desk research are used to capture stakeholder priorities. These topics
are then validated and prioritized using both impact and financial
materiality lenses, ensuring the material topics are identified.
4. Board verification: Once the list of material topics is finalized, it
undergoes a multi-tiered approval process. ASM’s Management Board,
Executive Committee, and Sustainability Leadership Council validate the
topics before receiving final approval from the Supervisory Board. This
ensures ASM’s strategic objectives and sustainability efforts are
focused on the material topics, enabling us to manage risks effectively
and seize opportunities for positive impact.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Assessing impacts
Our materiality assessment evaluates both direct and indirect impacts
across our value chain. Internally, we assess impacts such as energy
consumption and employee well-being. For impacts arising from business
relationships, we evaluate the processes of upstream suppliers. We also
assess how ASM’s core products and services impact our sustainability
objectives. For example, because the use of our equipment by customers
accounts for a significant portion of ASM’s carbon footprint, we prioritize
energy-efficiency improvements in our tool designs to support our
emission-reduction targets. Our primary customer base – leading
semiconductor manufacturers worldwide – is increasingly pursuing
sustainability in their processes. By providing equipment that helps reduce
our customers’ environmental footprint, we ensure our product portfolio
contributes to ASM’s sustainability goals while meeting the market’s growing
demand for eco-efficient solutions. This value chain lens enables us to
understand the full spectrum of our potential impacts on people and the
environment, whether through our direct operations or broader ecosystem.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Financial materiality and integration with Enterprise Risk
Management
Under financial materiality, we evaluate the magnitude and likelihood of
gross sustainability risks and opportunities over different time horizons,
integrating these with our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework.
Key elements include:
1. A standardized risk assessment matrix that informs prioritization and
applies to all risk types, including sustainability-related risks;
2. Long-term scenario analysis, particularly for climate-related risks and
opportunities;
3. Risk-mapping tools that identify cascading effects between
sustainability and business risks; and
4. Scenario analysis to inform strategic planning and prioritize risks,
particularly those related to climate change.

__

73

Based on our DMA, we do not anticipate material negative financial effects
in the short- to mid-term from the net risks. We expect to maintain
effectiveness in our management practices, lowering the likelihood of
material financial impacts over the long term as well, although these
outlooks are subject to higher levels of uncertainty. Our risk management
measures align with our strategic goals, so reducing the likelihood of
significant potential financial impact.
To continue to implement our strategic plans, we rely on a strong balance
sheet that allows us to continue investing in R&D and the growth of our
company. To this end, our target is to maintain a minimum amount of €800
million in cash on our balance sheet. This helps ensure we have the
necessary resources to execute our strategic initiatives effectively while
maintaining financial resilience.

Accelerating sustainability through advocacy

Risk management and opportunity identification
Our process carefully maps the interconnections between risks,
dependencies, and opportunities. For example, we assess the risks
associated with climate change – such as increased operational costs due to
carbon pricing – alongside opportunities to develop energy-efficient
products. This matrix approach allows us to visualize how different risks and
opportunities interact, informing a more comprehensive sustainability
strategy that not only mitigates risks but also capitalizes on emerging
opportunities.

2018

2020

2023

2025

Titanium Member
SESHA

Full Member
Responsible Business
Alliance (RBA)

Board Member UN
Global Compact
(UNGC)

Founding Member
Semiconductor
Climate Consortium
(SCC)

Member RE100

Founding Sponsor
Catalyze

Member BSR

SESHA promotes
ESH education for
the high-tech and
associated
industries. ASM is on
the board of
directors of SESHA.

RBA is the world's
largest industry
coalition dedicated
to corporate social
responsibility in
global supply chains.

UNGC aims to
advance societal
goals and support
the implementation
of the SDGs. ASM is
a board member of
the UN Global
Compact Network
Netherlands.

The SCC is
developing an
industry climate
strategy to reduce
its carbon footprint.
For the third year
running, ASM
chaired this
consortium.

RE100 is a global
initiative led by the
Climate Group in
partnership with
CDP, uniting
businesses
committed to 100%
renewable
electricity.

Catalyze is a
pioneering initiative
to accelerate the
adoption of
renewable electricity
across the global
semiconductor value
chain. ASM is a
current program
sponsor.

BSR is a global
network that
partners with
companies to build
resilient and
responsible business
practices. ASM
collaborates with
BSR to advance
sustainability across
the value chain.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

2025 results and continuous improvement
Our 2025 DMA represented a major update to our process. Building on the
validation exercise of 2024, this year we conducted an extensive review to
confirm whether the topics identified remain relevant and complete. We
engaged a wide range of stakeholders through various methods, including
desk research, surveys, deep-dive interviews, and structured due
diligence. This ensured that the refreshed assessment incorporated
diverse perspectives and reflected both external expectations and ASM's
business context.
The results of this update show that our set of material topics remains
largely consistent with the previous year. This consistency underlines the
robustness of our earlier assessments, while the broader input process has
reinforced confidence in their continued relevance. Changes compared to
prior year include updates to value chain impacts for climate change
adaptation and energy availability. Also, given its importance to our Scope
3.11 strategy, we sharpened the IRO on energy efficiency and product
sustainability.
As in previous years, it is important to note that topics considered material
from a societal or environmental perspective (impact materiality) do not
always equate to financial materiality and vice versa. Treating these
perspectives independently ensures balanced evaluation of our impacts,
risks, and opportunities (IROs).
From a timeline perspective, we consider most identified topics relevant in
the short term, with several gaining greater importance in the mid- to long
term. These topics are already deemed material because they require
active management now to avoid negative consequences later. Unless
communicated otherwise, we follow the timelines prescribed by the
European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS). Metrics related to
material topics are not externally validated beyond the work of our external
auditor.
Based on the outcomes of our double materiality assessment, we
identified a set of entity-specific disclosures in accordance with ESRS
requirements. The identified impacts, risks, and opportunities are
translated into entity-specific targets, actions, and related metrics that are
used to steer our sustainability priorities. An overview of the material
topics and the corresponding metrics applied to manage these topics is

Financial statements

Appendix

provided in section 32.3 of this report, with further detail in the respective
topical sections.
The outcome of the double materiality assessment forms the basis for
translating identified impacts, risks, and opportunities into management
priorities. For each material topic, the nature and magnitude of the IRO
determine how the undertaking applies policies, actions, metrics, and
where relevant targets. Targets are therefore not defined independently
but represent the measurable expression of how we manage or mitigate
negative impacts and risks, or advance related opportunities.
In defining our targets, we apply a structured internal methodology that
considers baseline performance, trend development, and operational
feasibility. The level of ambition is calibrated to the severity and likelihood
of the respective IRO and reflects the expected effect of the associated
policies and actions. The methodology assumes that implementation of
these actions will proportionally reduce negative impacts and risks or
enhance our ability to capture related opportunities. Assumptions are
based on historical performance data, internal planning parameters, and
available technologies. Our net-zero target is science based, while other
environmental targets are established using our internally defined
methodology. An overview of targets and their characteristics is provided
in section 32.3 of this report, with topic specific explanations in the
respective sections.
The outcomes of this updated DMA, presented in the table on the next
page, form the foundation of our sustainability priorities moving forward.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

74

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

Double materiality assessment
Impact materiality

Governance

Social

Environment

Topic

Value chain Description of IRO

Financial materiality
Type of IRO

Description of IRO

Type of IRO

Extreme weather events (e.g. floods, storms, heat waves etc.) could impact ASM's operations by
causing physical damage to utilities and ASM's facilities.

–

Failure to meet net-zero targets in time, leading to 1) ASM becoming a lagger in the climate
transition; 2) ASM technology and IP becoming less preferred as alternatives with lower impact
become available. 3) non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations.

–

Climate change adaptation

This topic did not meet our threshold for impact materiality.

Climate change mitigation

ASM contributes to climate change by emitting greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions through its
operations and value chain.

Energy availability

This topic did not meet our threshold for impact materiality.

Low energy availability from the market might interrupt business processes.

–

Energy efficiency

This topic did not meet our threshold for impact materiality.

1) Preference for our energy- and resource-efficient technology could increase ASM’s market
share; 2) Alignment with stakeholder expectations on climate action enhances ASM’s credibility
and market access; 3) Access to sustainable finance and lower cost of capital

+

Training and skills development

ASM invests in training and skills development of its workforce, positively impacting long-term
employability and workers' morale.

Appropriate training and skills development could lead to highly skilled, motivated, and
dedicated employees. It supports our ability to attract and retain talent.

Diversity and gender equality

ASM supports an inclusive and diverse workforce (incl. gender equality), which could otherwise
negatively influence workers' morale.

+
–

+
–

Equal pay

ASM offers equal pay, resulting in a level playing field for individuals, thereby positively
influencing the prospects of minority groups and general workers' morale.

+

Adequate wage

ASM provides employees with an adequate wage, enabling a decent living standard for
themselves and their families, increasing their quality of life.

Health and safety at ASM

If ASM does not facilitate a healthy and safe work environment for its workforce, accidents and
harm to personal health can occur.

Health and safety at ASM
suppliers

If ASM does not stimulate a healthy and safe work environment for suppliers (incl. further down
the chain such as 3TG suppliers), accidents and harm to personal health can occur.

Working hours at ASM

Excessive working hours could compromise the health and well-being of our own workforce.

Working hours at ASM suppliers

Excessive working hours could compromise the health and well-being of supply-chain workers.

Involuntary labor at ASM
suppliers

People working for our suppliers could be working against their will, creating an unsafe work
environment and compromising their health, well-being, and worker rights.

+
–
–
–
–
–

Business ethics

This topic did not meet our threshold for impact materiality

Corporate culture

ASM's corporate culture stimulates desired corporate behavior, resulting in respectful and
diligent behavior to people and the environment.

Value chain:

Upstream

Own operations

Downstream

Type of impact:

+ Positive impact – Negative impact

–

Failing to establish a diverse workforce could result in missed opportunities to attract and retain
top talent and improve customer orientation and decision-making.
This topic did not meet our threshold for financial materiality.

This topic did not meet our threshold for financial materiality.
This topic did not meet our threshold for financial materiality.
This topic did not meet our threshold for financial materiality.
This topic did not meet our threshold for financial materiality.
This topic did not meet our threshold for financial materiality.
This topic did not meet our threshold for financial materiality.
Non-compliance to business conduct rules and regulations due to unethical behavior, including
bribery and corruption, could lead to severe penalties and financial damages.

+

ASM's corporate culture supports the company’s ability to attract and retain talent.

–
+

75

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

76

Sustainable innovation in Spares & Services
Enhancing tool performance and sustainability through innovation

As chip designs become more advanced, keeping reactor parts
performing reliably has never been more important. ASM is
addressing this need through innovations that both enhance tool
uptime and reduce environmental impact. A key example is our
dry cleaning technology, now an integral part of our
outcome‑based service model. By restoring components with
precision rather than replacing them, dry cleaning enables
higher availability, longer part lifetimes, and more sustainable
maintenance practices.

Titanium process kits (500 kits example)
in Tonnes CO2e

Dry
Clean

Dirty

1800
1600
1400

Outcome-based services

1200

Dry cleaning process
As device complexity increases, maintaining reactor performance during
ALD processes becomes critical. Over time, material buildup inside the
reactor can lead to defects, reduced yield, and increased downtime.
Traditionally, wet cleaning and sandblasting have been used to restore
parts, but these methods consume large volumes of chemicals and water,
introduce surface roughness, and shorten part lifetimes. This drives up
cost and environmental impact.

By extending part life up to five times longer, dry cleaning significantly
reduces the need for new part manufacturing, avoiding emissions
associated with raw material extraction, production, and logistics.
Improved critical dimension control and defect detection ensure parts
meet the stringent requirements of advanced nodes without additional
replacements. By enabling reuse and recycling of parts and byproducts,
ASM minimizes carbon-intensive processes across the value chain,
advancing climate action and reducing overall CO₂ impact.

1000

85%
reduction

800

95%
reduction

600
400
200

67%
reduction

0
No refurb

Wet clean

Dry clean

ASM’s dry cleaning technology represents a breakthrough in maintenance.
It eliminates the need for wet cleaning and abrasive blasting, replacing
them with a precise, controlled process that delivers superior results.

Parts cleaning

Dry cleaning achieves more than 95% CO₂ emission reduction compared to
part replacement and delivers 10 times better selectivity by removing only
unwanted films while preserving the integrity of the base material. This
innovation significantly reduces the need for new components and
conserves critical materials such as silicon carbide, metals, and coatings. It
also minimizes the use of chemicals, deionized water, and blast media.

Parameter

Dry clean vs Wet clean

Substrate selectivity

10x improvement

Part lifetime

5x longer

Critical dimension control

5x improvement

Chemical usage

No highly toxic/hazardous acids used

Sustainability impact

> 95% reduction

Business impact

> 2x reduction in cost of ownership

Wet etch is the standard today. Dry clean is a novel technology enabling
sub-Angstrom precision that is critical to device performance and yield – in
ALD every monolayer matters

Source: ASM estimates. Investor Day 2025

ASM’s outcome-based service model has transformed how customers
manage tool performance and cost of ownership. Since 2020, this model
has nearly doubled spares revenue by shifting from transactional part
replacement to a results-driven approach that guarantees uptime and
performance. Instead of simply supplying parts, ASM partners with
customers to deliver measurable outcomes such as higher tool availability,
predictable maintenance cycles, and improved yield.
This service model now works hand in hand with ASM’s breakthrough dry
cleaning technology. Rather than discarding worn components, dry
cleaning restores them with precision and extends their lifetime.

“Together, outcome-based services and dry cleaning provide
superior tool availability, predictable performance, and
measurable sustainability benefits. These innovations reflect
ASM’s commitment to redefining semiconductor
manufacturing with solutions that deliver both business value
and environmental impact.”

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

16. Climate action
Sustainability statements

16.1 Climate impacts, risks, and opportunities
16.2 Climate action approach and results
16.3 Product sustainability
16.4 Own operations
16.5 Supply chain emissions

78
79
86
88
90

__

77

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

At ASM, we continue to advance our efforts to mitigate climate
change and adapt to its impacts. We focus on reducing
greenhouse gas emissions, enhancing energy efficiency, and
integrating renewable energy solutions across our operations
and value chain. Our ambition to achieve net-zero emissions by
2035 is a driver of our long-term strategy.

16.1 Climate impacts, risks, and opportunities
ASM acknowledges that climate change is a critical issue facing the entire
planet. This is why we are taking action to do our part to mitigate risks
posed by climate change. At the forefront of our efforts is enhanced
collaboration – climate change is a risk the whole planet faces, so we must
work together to face the challenges head on.
Our manufacturing processes, activities carried out on our behalf in our
supply chain, and the use of our products have associated greenhouse gas
(GHG) emissions, and thereby a contributing effect to climate change. As a
global semiconductor equipment provider, we recognize our role in the
broader environmental impact of the industry. To address this, we aim to
improve the energy and resource efficiency of our products, adopting ecoefficient designs, and transitioning to renewable energy sources in our
operations, while decarbonizing our supply chain. These efforts are part of
our ambition to reduce our Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions and align with
global climate targets.
Energy availability is another critical dimension of climate-related impacts
and risks, especially as the global need for energy intensifies. Reliable
access to energy is vital for communities, but also ASM’s operations and
broader value chain. We recognize the potential business risks posed by
energy scarcity, such as operational disruptions and increased costs,
particularly in regions facing energy shortages or infrastructure challenges.

1

Financial statements

Appendix

To set our priorities in managing climate risk, ASM defined a formal annual
process in 2022 to identify and manage climate-related risks and
opportunities, taking into account the framework provided through the
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

78

For transition risks, ASM's climate scenario analysis assessed how the
transition to a low-carbon economy may affect our business environment
and value chain. Key assumptions include tightening climate regulations,
expansion of carbon pricing and border adjustment mechanisms, and
growing customer preference for low-carbon wafer fabrication equipment.

Deep-dive and hotspot assessments
Since 2022, ASM has alternated between deep-dive assessments and
hotspot analyses to evaluate climate-related risks and opportunities. This
approach ensures both breadth and depth: hotspot analyses provide wide
coverage across our global footprint, while deep dives allow for focused
investigation of the most material risks and opportunities.
Summary of previous assessments
• 2022-2023: Deep-dive and hotspot assessments focusing on both
transition and physical risks, including regulatory changes, carbonpricing schemes, renewable energy sourcing, windstorms, flooding, and
water scarcity.
• 2024: Deep-dive assessment on direct economic impacts of climate
risks and opportunities. Two areas were prioritized:
– Opportunity: Growing demand for low-carbon semiconductor
equipment driven by customer and regulatory expectations,
assessing potential revenue impacts across short-, medium- and
long-term time horizons.
– Risk: Potential extreme heat-induced blackouts at our Phoenix facility
by 2050, though mitigation costs were assessed as below materiality
thresholds.

Our 2025 assessment
In 2025, ASM performed a hotspot scenario analysis for physical risks
across our entire real-estate portfolio of 56 locations, as well as selected
upstream and downstream locations, assessing each site against the full
range of 28 physical climate risks, including extreme heat, flooding,
drought, heavy precipitation, and tropical cyclones. This systematic
assessment provides a comprehensive overview of our global exposure to
physical climate risks.

Our analysis in this space considers how increasing carbon taxes, stricter
energy-efficiency standards, and value-chain decarbonization pressures
could influence costs, product design, and market demand. It also reflects
macroeconomic shifts in energy mix and technology deployment toward
electrification and renewables. These insights guide ASM's strategy to
enhance portfolio resilience, align R&D priorities, and support customers in
achieving lower-emissions semiconductor manufacturing.
A key difference in 2025 is that all analyses are performed in-house
through our climate-risk platform. This newly implemented platform
enables more detailed and consistent coverage across all physical risk
categories compared to previous years, delivering more robust and
comparable results.
To enable informed decision-making, we continued to focus on the direct
economic impacts of climate risks and opportunities. This effort not only
enhanced the assessment process but also strengthened company-wide
awareness of climate-related risks and opportunities.
Our process consisted of four main steps:
a. Identification and monitoring: This step included a review of the ASM
Climate impact, risk and opportunity (IRO) long list1 and determined if
any R&O topics must be added to the short list for further assessment.
Also, in this step the previously identified R&O short list2 was
reassessed.
b. Assessment: This step involved conducting a scenario analysis to
assess the size and scope of the identified R&O short list and
conducting a business-impact assessment to quantify the potential
impact of the risks and opportunities for ASM’s business strategy and

ASM Climate R&O long list: Aims to document the full suite of physical and transition risks and opportunities identified by stakeholders across ASM’s entire operations and value chain, irrespective of potential materiality, structured into three parts: climate-risk identification and
categorization; ASM’s perceived vulnerability to and potential business impact of this risk/ opportunity; strength of the climate-change signal (i.e. the magnitude of change in frequency and/ or intensity of a specific hazard/ climate impact driver in a 1.5°C (for transition risks and
opportunities)/4°C scenario (for physical risks) compared to the baseline).
2
ASM Climate R&O short list: The list of climate risks and opportunities the business prioritized for further assessment using climate-scenario analysis.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

financial planning. The R&O short list was assessed on a short-,
medium- and long-term horizon1.
c. Risk prioritization: We prioritized risks and opportunities that could
significantly impact our business financially or strategically, using ASM's
materiality thresholds. The most material risks were integrated into the
corporate risk-management process.
d. Action-planning and execution: This step included planning and taking
appropriate actions to mitigate/manage material risks and opportunities,
and review business processes and controls to ensure that activities are
performed and acknowledged.
In 2025, as in previous years, ASM used climate scenarios to assess
climate-related risks and opportunities across short-, medium-, and longterm time horizons. For physical risks, ASM applied two scenarios2, and for
transition risks and opportunities the scenario aligned to warming below
1.5°C, reflecting the 'rapid transition' scenario3.
The results of our climate risk assessments feed directly into ASM’s
corporate risk management and strategic planning.
Our 2024 assessment of extreme heat-induced blackouts at our Phoenix
facility by 2050 has remained unchanged, as mitigation costs were
assessed as below materiality thresholds. Simultaneously, we believe the
customer preference for low-carbon products continues to represent a
material financial opportunity in the near- to mid-term horizon. We expect
demand for low-carbon semiconductor equipment to continue, driven by
evolving customer preferences and regulatory demands across different
regions.

Financial statements

Appendix

Two factors shape the size of the opportunity:
• Customer ambition for sustainable tools, as higher ambition expands the
TAM by accelerating the shift from conventional equipment towards
energy-efficient and low-impact solutions.
• ASM’s competitive differentiation grows if it accelerates sustainable
product development faster than its peers, allowing ASM to capture a
disproportionate share of the emerging sustainable product segment
and increase its SAM.
Further information on how we are pursuing this opportunity, including our
product sustainability targets and innovations that improve energy
efficiency is provided in section 16.3 'Product sustainability'.
Based on the assessment, the occurrence of physical risks that were
assessed in the period 2022-2025 are increasingly likely. At this time, they
are however not considered to represent a material financial risk in the
near- to mid-term or long-term horizon. In 2025, ASM completed an
impairment test that included sensitivity checks with regard to ASM's asset
valuation under the same climate-related scenarios. This assessment did
not identify any material financial reporting impacts. Refer to Note 5 of the
financial statements in this report.

Governance
for more information on how sustainability risks and opportunities are
governed at ASM, refer to section 15.2 'Sustainability governance'.

ASM Annual Report 2025

Our climate and net-zero policies
Following the identification of climate-related risks and opportunities, ASM
has developed Climate and Net Zero policy statements, available on our
website. These policies establish ASM’s vision, goals, and objectives for
climate action and GHG-reduction, and address the following:
a. acknowledgement of climate-related risks;
b. identification of risks & opportunities to inform strategic investments,
business resiliency, and sustainable operations;
c. actions to mitigate those risks and impacts;
d. reduction of emissions through efficiency, abatement, and chemical use
reductions & substitutions;
e. maximizing the sourcing of electricity from renewable sources;
f. neutralizing remaining emissions; and
g. collaborating across our value chain for collective global impact; and
h. monitoring performance against climate- and net-zero objectives and
transparently disclosing progress through defined targets, metrics, and
regular public reporting.

Net-zero target
In 2021, ASM announced its ambition for net-zero GHG emissions by 2035
and has been taking concrete steps towards building the appropriate
support system around this goal. This includes boosting our organizational
capabilities, strengthening our support of climate programs, kicking off
industry collaboration efforts, and integrating necessary steps into our
business strategy and plans.

ASM defines short-, medium- and long-term horizon for its climate change risk & opportunity assessment as follows: short-term: 1-5 years; medium-term: 5-15 years; long-term: 15-30 years.
SSP2-4.5 (associated with 2.5-3°C warming), reflecting ‘intermediate’ warming pathway, and SSP5-8.5 (aligned to 4°C or higher warming), reflecting a 'high-impact' warming pathway.
3
'Rapid transition below 1.5°C aligned scenario': Aligned with a 1.5°C pathway; (International Energy Agency Net Zero Emissions Scenario (NZE) and 1.72°C/2°C pathway (IEA, the Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS)).
2

79

16.2 Climate action approach and results

To assess the opportunity associated with sustainable product
development, we modelled the intersection of customer ambition and
ASM’s relative pace of innovation. Total Addressable Market (TAM) is
primarily determined by the rate at which customers adopt energyefficient tools. The Serviceable Addressable Market (SAM), however, is
driven by ASM’s ability to outperform competitors in delivering sustainable
products that reduce energy consumption per wafer.

1

__

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

80

Our main transition levers

Decarbonize
product use

Reducing the emissions
associated with the goods and
services used to develop our
tools requires us to engage
with our suppliers to implement
decarbonization strategies in
partnership with ASM.

Direct emissions and
energy procurement
Scope 1 & 2
0.2% of total 2024 GHG
footprint

This area is most directly
within our control, so we are
working to implement changes
within our organization’s
operations. This includes
efficiency measures,
renewable energy
procurement, and more.

Customer use of our
products
Scope 3, Category 11
66% of total 2024 GHG
footprint

Customer use of our products
through their productive life
represents the most significant
portion of our GHG footprint.
As a vital area to reduce
emissions in pursuit of our
targets, we must collaborate
across the industry to
decarbonize customer use of
our products.

Interventions for Scope 1 and 2

100%

1

At baseline, Scope 1 represented 13% and Scope 2 represented 87% of Scope 1+2 emissions.

100%

Procure
renewable
electricity

Green hydrogen
for natural gas

(4)%

Electrification

(1)%

(12)%

Energy
efficiency

Residual¹

78% of the reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by
2035, compared to the 2021 baseline, will be achieved
through procuring renewable energy.
1
2

In August 2023, the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) verified our
near-term, long-term, and net-zero GHG targets. The results on page 84 of
this report count as our annual update. Our targets include the following
from a 2021 baseline year:
• Reduction of Scope 1 & Scope 2 market-based GHG emissions by 50.4%
by 2032, and by 90% by 20351;
• Reduction of Scope 3 GHG emissions by 58.2% per EUR of value added
(gross profit) by 2032, and 97% by 2035; and
• Net-zero emissions across all scopes by 2035, allowing for the
neutralization of remaining emissions above the long-term targets to
achieve net zero through high confidence carbon-removal mechanisms.
Thus far, ASM has not made use of such mechanisms. Planned use is in
2035.

(78)%

(5)%

Base year and
business
growth

Interventions for Scope 3

(60)%

Emissions (tCO₂e)

Decarbonize
our operations

Purchased goods and
services (PG&S)
Scope 3, Category 1
21% of total 2024 GHG
footprint

Emissions (tCO₂e)

Decarbonize
our supply
chain

(14)%
(17)%

Base year and
business
growth

Decarbonize
products

Decarbonize
supply chain

Technological
learning²

(2)%

(7)%

All other
Scope 3

Residual¹

Decarbonizing our products will help us reduce
Scope 3 GHG emissions by 60% compared to the
2021 baseline.

Residual = difference between mapped reduction initiatives and SBTi allowed emissions by target year 2035 (net zero year), including future innovation.
Technological learning = emissions reductions that will occur due to decarbonization without direct action by ASM (e.g. use of low-carbon, renewable electricity in the value chain).

We selected 2021 as the base year for our GHG emissions targets as it
marks the start of detailed GHG-emissions tracking at ASM and represents
a typical operational year. This choice ensures the baseline value is
representative and reliable for measuring progress towards our targets.
While our primary GHG emissions-reduction targets are set for near-term
2032 and long‑term 2035, in accordance with approved pathways, ASM‘s
interim target for the year 2030 is as follows:
• Reduction of Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions by 41.2% by 2030 from 2021
base year; and
• Reduction of Scope 3 GHG emissions by 47.6% per EUR of value added
(gross profit) by 2030 from 2021 base year.

Our net-zero target forms a core part of our broader climate strategy,
aimed at mitigating climate-change impacts and utilizing sustainable
growth opportunities. Progress against our targets is monitored quarterly
and reported annually. This tracking helps us identify areas where we need
to adjust actions and strategies to better align with our net-zero goal. In
line with our strategic objective to accelerate sustainability, we integrate
climate initiatives into our business strategy and financial planning. For this
purpose, the VP of Sustainability takes part in business strategy sessions
that address the entire organization.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Climate Transition Plan
ASM’s Climate Transition Plan (CTP) translates our net-zero ambition and
SBTi-validated targets into decarbonization pathways, structured
intervention levers, and time-bound actions across our value chain. First
published in March 2024, the CTP outlines how ASM will reduce emissions
across upstream supply chain activities, our own operations, and
downstream product use. The plan defines the scope, time horizons,
assumptions, and enabling measures needed to support long-term
execution. The CTP was reviewed and approved by the Management
Board.
Our transition plan is structured around three primary decarbonization
levers. These correspond to material emissions sources in our greenhouse
gas inventory and form the core of our mitigation strategy:
• Decarbonize our supply chain (Scope 3.1) through cleaner inputs,
renewable energy adoption, low-carbon procurement, supplier
engagement, and improved emissions data.
• Decarbonize our operations (Scopes 1 and 2) through renewable energy
sourcing, energy efficiency, electrification, and abatement of high-GWP
gases.
• Decarbonize our product use (Scope 3.11) by improving product energy
performance, renewable energy adoption, and adopting circular
economy principles.
Our SBTi-validated near-term and long-term targets provide the
quantitative boundaries for the CTP and ensure alignment with a 1.5°C
pathway. These targets define the required pace and magnitude of
reductions for Scopes 1 and 2 on an absolute basis and Scope 3 on an
intensity basis. The adoption of 2021 as our baseline year ensures
consistency across our GHG inventory and enables measurable progress
tracking.
The quantified decarbonization levers in the climate transition plan
represent a single modeled transition pathway in which the near-term
targets function as interim milestones toward achieving the long-term net
zero target.
The quantified pathway is based on a set of forward-looking assumptions
reflecting current business strategy and external market expectations.
These include assumed gross profit growth rates to model business-asusual emissions, progressive supplier decarbonization broadly aligned with

Financial statements

Appendix

2035 transition timelines, technological learning effects and innovation
improvements over time, and continued availability of renewable electricity
procurement to enable Scope 2 abatement.
The CTP includes a decarbonization roadmap that allocates actions across
short-, medium-, and long-term time horizons. Near-term activities focus
on improving emissions data, scaling renewable electricity procurement,
enhancing facility energy performance, engaging priority suppliers, and
evaluating abatement and alternative chemistries. Medium-term efforts
expand into electrification of equipment and facilities, low-carbon
procurement of key materials, and product innovation to reduce
operational energy use. Longer-term reductions will rely more heavily on
technological advancements, supply chain transformation, and broader
market adoption of low-carbon electricity and process solutions.
Effective execution of the CTP requires enabling measures across
governance, data quality, financial planning, technology development, and
value chain collaboration. Oversight of climate-related targets and
transition activities involves senior leadership, and accountability is
integrated into relevant functions including procurement, operations,
sustainability, and engineering. The CTP also informs risk management and
strategic planning processes, supporting alignment between climate
objectives, capital allocation, and operational resilience.
ASM aligns with leading frameworks for CTP content inclusion, narrative,
and key metrics for credible transition planning. These frameworks,
including the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) and the Transition Plan
Taskforce (TPT) Disclosure Framework, help to illustrate the full picture
when considering all necessary steps, challenges, and opportunities to
transition to a net zero organization. The CTP is a living document that
evolves with the business and adapts to changes in operations and
planned decarbonization actions. For example, some solutions necessary
for decarbonization do not yet have known solutions and require
technological innovation to bridge the gap between today and the future.
As part of our target to reach net zero, the CTP is transparent to both the
known and the unknown actions required, with an acknowledgement that
we are aiming to find the necessary solutions to achieve stated objectives.
As such, many of the near-term actions ASM is taking are well defined and
understood, whereas some of the longer-term actions are less clear at this
point. Residual emissions are expected to decrease progressively. Where

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

81

remaining, they will be addressed through high-confidence removal
mechanisms. As currently residual levels exceed SBTi eligibility thresholds,
our pathway prioritizes abatement and innovation to close the remaining
emissions gap.
With each iteration, we update the CTP based on latest developments and
progress, while aiming to increase quantification of actions, investments,
and projected emissions. By continuously improving and updating our CTP,
we ensure our strategy is based on the latest and best known information.
ASM also recognizes that a large portion of our transition plan requires
strong collaboration and mutual action together with our value chain
partners. As such, we focus on these key partnerships to accelerate
decarbonization across organizational boundaries, where large
opportunities often exist. By treating decarbonization action as an
'everyone all in' effort, we recognize that achievement of these objectives
can only be accomplished together. Our success will only be in the mutual
success of our value chain, our industry, and the world.
As we continue to implement our CTP, we will refine assumptions, update
time horizons, and report our progress transparently, including Scope 3
performance as supplier data and customer energy profiles improve. ASM
aims to publish updates to its standalone Climate Transition Plan in H1
2026.

“Decarbonization requires both innovation and collaboration.
By aligning our product roadmaps, supplier engagement, and
operational decisions with our climate targets, the Climate
Transition Plan gives us a structured path to reduce emissions
where it matters most.”

Jeff Rudnik
Director Sustainability

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Decarbonization roadmap
Short term: 0-3 years

Medium term: 3-7 years

Long term: >7 years

Collect improved supplier-specific data for GHG inventory

Scope 3.1
Upstream

Engage suppliers directly and via CDP and SCC initiatives to develop emissions-reduction actions, material innovation, science-based targets

Decarbonize our
supply chain

Accelerate adoption of renewable energy across supply chain through industry-wide programs like Catalyze and one-on-one engagement
Develop and implement low-carbon procurement processes to decarbonize key materials
Conduct energy audits and implement energy-efficient retrofits, reduction measures, and conservation actions

Scope 1 & 2
Operations

Decarbonize our
operations

Electrify fossil-fuel combustion sources

Electrify facility processes and systems and shift towards alternative green fuels

Procure EACs to cover electricity consumption (100% by 2024)

Implement leading-edge technologies, control systems, and AI to enhance operational efficiency

Implement alternatives to EACs/RECs for viability and additionality
Pilot electrically-based high-performing process gas abatement

Replace high-GWP process gases, refrigerants, and heat transfer fluids across operations

Drive product innovation by increasing product energy and resource efficiency

Scope 3.11

Innovate to extend useful life and increase circularity of ASM products
Expand parts refurbishment and crate reuse programs to minimize waste and drive circularity

Downstream

Decarbonize our
product usage

Eliminate single-use plastic, including expanded polystyrene (EPS), in packaging
Encourage customers to source renewable energy and account for it in our GHG inventory

__

82

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

To support the implementation of these decarbonization strategies, we
have identified capex needs to support our decarbonization strategy.
These investments are focused on the following areas:
• Investments in energy-efficient technologies and solutions within our
sites and operations, as well as our supply chain;
• Investments in infrastructural upgrades to shift away from fossil fuels to
viable low-carbon alternatives;
• Investments in R&D for sustainable products, to reduce emissions
during customer use; and
• Investments in green buildings as we develop & expand our real estate
portfolio in a smart, energy efficient, and resilient way.
Our approach to reporting our capex in scope of our CTP is aligned with
the standards set by the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU)
2021/2178.

2025 greenhouse gas emissions results
In 2025, ASM recorded an absolute increase in total GHG emissions across
Scope 1, 2, and 3 of 5% year-over-year, primarily reflecting increased
business activity, site energy demand, and product sales volumes.
Scope 1 emissions increased by 12% compared to 2024. This rise was
mainly driven by higher natural gas consumption stemming from increased
operational activity as well as colder winter conditions. Scope 2 marketbased emissions increased by 105%, caused by higher district heating
consumption at our newly opened Dongtan 2 site in Korea, which accounts
for the majority of our market-based emissions.
Compared to our 2021 baseline, we have achieved a total reduction of 44%
in our combined Scope 1 and 2 market-based emissions, facilitated by
renewable electricity procurement. We believe this has us on track for our
2032 SBTi-approved short-term target, to reduce Scope 1+2 emissions by
50.4% in 2032 (annual reduction pathway to our near-term target: 4.58%).
For Scope 3, the most significant driver in 2025 remained Scope 3.11 (use
of sold products), which accounts for 70% of ASM’s Scope 3 footprint.
Scope 3.11 emissions increased by 11% year over year, reflecting higher
overall sales volumes and changes in customer and geographic mix,
including a higher share of customers with less renewable electricity,
together with increased sales in regions with higher grid emission factors.
This increase was partially offset by a growing share of less energy-

Financial statements

Appendix

intensive ALD processes in our sales mix. 2025 marked the first year in
which ASM accounted for customer usage of renewable electricity in the
calculation of Scope 3.11 emissions, resulting in 10% of our Scope 3
emissions being based on primary data. To ensure comparability, the
integration of primary data was also applied to historic Scope 3.11 results.
We expect increasing customer uptake of renewable electricity to play an
important role in reducing product use-phase emissions in the coming
years.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

83

classify our products or services as low-carbon, but will continue to assess
opportunities for this in the future.
As we continue to drive our climate transition, achieving our ambitious
targets cannot be accomplished in isolation. Our success depends on
active collaboration, engagement, and results across the entire value chain
– from suppliers to customers and all stakeholders in between. Only
through collective effort and shared commitment can we build a more
sustainable future and achieve the full potential of our CTP.

Furthermore, our Scope 3 intensity, measured as GHG emissions per EUR
of value added (gross profits), showed a reduction of 5% year-over-year.
Against our 2021 baseline, we reduced our Scope 3 intensity by 47%
(annual reduction pathway to our near-term target: 5.29%). We consider it
likely that future results will show increases in Scope 3 intensity due to
shifts in market demand, as mix will be a strong contributor. For more
information on the activities that ASM undertakes to reduce its emissions
across product technologies, see section 16.3 'Product sustainability' of
this report.

We also analyze potential locked-in GHG emissions from our key assets
(stationary and mobile installations) and products to ensure our
decarbonization plan remains achievable and aligned with our targets.
Various assets were identified as potential risks to our decarbonization
roadmap. However, these assets have lifecycles that are aligned with our
objectives up to 2032 and 2035. In line with our net-zero target, we are
advancing strategies to transform or decommission these assets to
mitigate their impact.

We confirm that ASM is not excluded from the EU Paris-aligned
benchmarks based on the stated exclusion criteria. We do not invest in
coal, oil, and gas-related activities. This ensures that our strategy remains
aligned with the rigorous environmental standards required to support the
objectives of the Paris Agreement.

Furthermore, our products’ emissions are calculated at the point of sale,
reflecting their current estimated impact over their significant lifetime
duration. While this accounts for future emissions from our product sales,
ASM remains committed to enabling our customers to enhance energy
efficiency across the lifecycle of our installed base.

Looking ahead

To support this, we aim to provide access to efficiency breakthroughs
through retrofit kits. These kits provide an upgrade pathway for existing
equipment, integrating the newest energy-efficient components and
process optimizations without requiring full system replacements. By
leveraging retrofit solutions, we help customers lower their operational
emissions, reduce energy consumption, and extend the longevity of our
tools.

To maintain our trajectory towards net-zero, we are continuously exploring
new innovations and efficiency strategies. Our investment in research and
development focuses on next-generation semiconductor manufacturing
technologies that further reduce power consumption.
The successful implementation of our decarbonization actions depends on
ongoing resource availability and allocation. Our decarbonization
investments are reviewed and approved annually through our regular
capital allocation and budgeting processes, taking into account business
priorities, technology maturity, and external developments. For 2026, our
planned amount for capex and opex investments is €11 million.
A key element of transitioning to net zero is increasing the share of our
revenue that comes from products or services with less embodied carbon
and lower carbon-intensities. We do not currently use EU Taxonomy to

This approach aligns with ASM's commitment to sustainability while also
supporting our customers in achieving their own resource efficiency and
environmental goals. Through continuous innovation and collaboration, we
reinforce our role in driving sustainability across the semiconductor
industry and reduce the risk of locked-in emissions related to our products.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

__

ASM Annual Report 2025

84

Our 2025 greenhouse gas (GHG) emission results
2024/2025 results

Our targets

Base year
(2021)

2024

2025

year-overyear %

1,334

2,466

2,759

12 %

-

-

-

n/a

Scope 1
GHG emissions

Gross Scope 1 GHG emissions (tonnes CO2e)

Scope 2
GHG emissions

Gross location-based Scope 2 GHG emissions (tonnes CO2e)

24,292

32,983

37,665

14 %

Gross market-based Scope 2 GHG emissions (tonnes CO2e)

8,417

1,341

2,745

105 %

Scope 3
GHG emissions

Total Gross indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions (tonnes CO2e)

1,637,921 1,627,314 1,712,815

5%

1 Purchased goods and services

Percentage of Scope 1 GHG emissions from regulated emission
trading schemes (%)

311,049

388,538

355,629

(8)%

17,017

34,457

52,276

52 %

3 Fuel and energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2)

4,912

5,780

6,315

9%

20,393

23,259

20,897

(10)%

329

540

460

(15)%

6 Business travel

7,375

30,372

15,840

(48)%

7 Employee commuting

8,830

12,813

13,231

3%

8 Upstream leased assets

192

339

442

30 %

14,306

38,615

31,452

(19)%

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

1,230,270 1,077,412 1,201,259

11 %

5 Waste generated in operations

9 Downstream transportation
10 Processing of sold products
11 Use of sold products
12 End-of-life treatment of sold products

Total
GHG emissions

(41.2%)*

2 Capital goods

4 Upstream transportation and distribution

1,308

1,464

1,289

(12)%

13 Downstream leased assets

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

14 Franchises

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

15 Investments

21,940

13,725

13,725

-%

Total GHG emissions (location-based) (tonnes CO2e)

1,663,547 1,662,762 1,753,240

5%

Total GHG emissions (market-based) (tonnes CO2e)

1,647,673 1,631,120 1,718,320

5%

*reduction target in percentage of Scope 1&2 market-based emission
**reduction target per EUR of value added (gross profit)

2030

2032

(50.4%)*

2035

(90%)*

GHG intensity***

2025

2024

%

Total GHG emissions (location-based) per net
revenue (tonnes CO2e /€ million)

553

567

(3)%

Total GHG emissions (market-based) per net
revenue (tonnes CO2e /€ million)

542

556

(3)%

Total Gross Scope 3 GHG emissions per gross
profit (tonnes CO2e /€ million)

1,042

1,099

(5)%

***Revenue and gross profit figures derived from the respective lines of the Consolidated
statement of profit and loss in section 28.1.

(47.6%)** (58.2%)** (97%)**

2025

2024

Biogenic emissions of CO2 from combustion or biodegradation of biomass not included in Scope 1 GHG
emissions (tonnes CO2e)

-

-

Biogenic emissions of CO2 from combustion or biodegradation of biomass not included in Scope 2 GHG
emissions (tonnes CO2e)

4,888

4,776

Biogenic emissions of CO2 from combustion or biodegradation of biomass that occur in value chain not
included in Scope 3 GHG emissions (tonnes CO2e)

-

-

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

We forge atoms, so
others can forge
energy’s future.

Innovation at ASM means shaping the future:
we solve tomorrow’s challenges by investing in
breakthrough research today. Around the
globe, our teams are committed to enabling
cutting-edge chips that deliver more compute
using less power. Designed for performance
and sustainability, our deposition tools and
material innovations enhance energy and
resource efficiency for our customers. ASM’s
innovations are making a material difference at
each monolayer, in every chip.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

85

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

16.3 Product sustainability
Our most significant GHG emission impact comes from the products that
we deliver to our customers. Our technologies enable advanced and more
energy-efficient computing, which is integral to reducing energy
consumption across various industries. From powering data centers to
enhancing electric vehicles and renewable energy systems, our solutions
can play an important role in supporting and enabling sustainable
development.
To put this into context, our advancements in ALD gate dielectrics and
novel work function metals have contributed to a thousand-fold reduction
in gate leakage current. The precise film conformality of ALD has also been
instrumental in transitioning from planar to FinFET semiconductor device
structures, which are more power-efficient.
The role of ALD and Epi processes will only become more critical as the
industry is currently preparing to transition from FinFET to GAA nanosheet
transistors, promising a further reduction in power usage. Similarly,
transitioning DRAM periphery to high-k dielectric and metal gate
technologies can lower power consumption in both dynamic and static
states, as previously seen in logic devices. These next-generation devices
are expected to play an important role in offering improved performance
and reduced power consumption in, for instance, AI and data-center
applications.
Another important technology that ASM is enabling is SiC epitaxy, which is
supporting the growing electrification of the automotive industry. Vehicle
power electronics are transitioning from silicon to SiC-based materials
because SiC devices allow for higher voltage and power handling, enabling
more efficient electric vehicles with longer battery life, greater driving
range, and faster charging times. Our SiC tools use an epitaxy process to
deposit the SiC materials as part of the transistor device fabrication
process. SiC is highly efficient at high voltages, offering higher power
efficiency; increased power density, which results in reduced component
weight and size; and faster battery-charging times.
ASM’s approach to product innovation is founded on a deep understanding
that our technologies must not only push the limits of technical
performance and cost of ownership, but also integrate eco-design

Financial statements

Appendix

principles into our tool operations to enable more efficient chip production.
In line with this, we have set clear sustainability targets across our product
portfolio, focusing on reducing chemical usage and enhancing energy
efficiency of our systems and processes.
Our 2035 product sustainability targets include:
• 35% reduction in precursor consumption per wafer in key ALD
processes, optimizing chemical usage to reduce waste and emissions;
• 35% reduction in thermal energy per wafer for thermally-driven
products such as Epi and VF; and
• 20% reduction in RF energy per wafer for plasma-driven products like
PECVD and PEALD.
These targets are critical to our climate strategy as they directly support
our ambition to reduce the carbon footprint of our customers.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

86

Product sustainability targets
Target

Description of impact

Chemical
consumption
and usage

• 90% reduction* by 2035 of NF3 usage in key cleaning
processes through replacement of NF3 with alternative
gases (F2, HF, etc.).

• 35% reduction* by 2035 of precursor consumption per
wafer for key ALD processes.
Energy and
resource
efficiency

• 35% reduction* by 2035 in thermal energy per wafer for
thermally driven products such as Epi & Vertical Furnaces.

• 20% reduction* by 2035 in RF energy per wafer for
plasma-driven products such as PECVD & PEALD.

Customer
collaboration

• Drive multiple sustainability initiatives addressing customer
fab-wide sustainability focus.

• Work with customers and suppliers to phase out materials
To realize these targets, ASM has embedded sustainability at the core of
its research and development processes. Through the use of sustainability
simulation tools, we can model the energy and resource impacts of new
products during the design phase, allowing us to make informed decisions
that enhance sustainability without compromising performance. To further
quantify the energy use of our products and their corresponding GHG
footprint, 21 SEMI S23 or comparable assessments were conducted on
ASM products across our portfolio during 2023-2025.
An example of a product sustainability innovation is our pressure swing
technology for thermal ALD, which enhances precursor efficiency in
advanced device architectures. The technology dynamically adjusts
chamber pressure and gas flow during each ALD step, optimizing reactant
exposure and purge efficiency.
Enabled by fast-acting pressure control and optimized reactor volume, this
approach achieves more than a tenfold reduction in precursor
consumption while maintaining over 90% conformality on high-aspect-ratio
substrates, based on ASM estimates. By combining significant
improvements in precursor efficiency with uncompromised process
performance, this innovation showcases how our technology roadmap
advances both sustainability and semiconductor capability for cuttingedge nodes.

containing PFAS or PIP (3:1).

• Number of active engagements with customers to align on
technology roadmap and product sustainability
development.
Design for
• Develop Design for Sustainability (DfS) simulation tool to
sustainability
simulate equivalent energy consumption during design
principle1
phase.

• Baseline and track product sustainability performance
year-over-year. In 2023-2025, ASM baselined 21
applications.
1

'Customer collaboration' and 'Design for sustainability principle' are quantitative and
qualitative targets. The remaining targets are quantitative.
* Against a 2023 baseline.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

87

A second example of our product sustainability innovations is our in-situ F2
chamber clean technology for vertical furnaces, which significantly
reduces GHG emissions while maintaining effective cleaning performance.
Chamber cleaning is an essential step in CVD and ALD processes to
remove deposited material and ensure tool stability. Traditionally, this
clean activity has relied on NF3, a highly effective fluorine-based cleaning
gas but also one with a very high global warming potential, more than
17,000 times that of CO2 over a 100-year horizon.

Our 2025 product sustainability results:

Other actions:

In 2025, innovations such as our pressure swing technology for ALD
processes enabled more precise precursor dosing and improved utilization
efficiency. Compared to the 2023 technology baseline, adoption of such
innovation resulted in a normalized reduction of 10% in average precursor
consumption per wafer for key ALD processes. In thermal processes, the
adoption of various technologies, including Turino™-CL, lowered the
average energy intensity by 3% per wafer.

As a vital area to reduce emissions associated with our products, we must
collaborate across the industry to decarbonize customer use of our
products. ASM is dependent on our customers' ability to decarbonize their
operations for our Scope 3.11 target to be realized. For this purpose, ASM
continues to play an active role in the Semiconductor Climate Consortium,
which unites the industry on a path towards decarbonization. We also
presented at several customer sustainability summits to better collaborate
with our entire value chain on climate action and sharing of learnings.

Our in-situ F2 clean has the ability to replace the NF3-based process with a
direct F2 chemistry that enables efficient chamber cleaning while lowering
temperatures. This, in turn, lowers furnace power consumption and
improves operational efficiency. At the same time, the elimination of NF3
from the cleaning process removes a high-GWP gas from our vertical
furnace portfolio.

For NF3 usage, a shift in sales mix and customer demand resulted in an
absolute increase of 38% compared to 2023. Looking ahead, broader
customer adoption of alternative chemistries are expected to reduce NF3
intensity over time. For RF-driven processes, multiple energy reduction
innovations progressed through development qualifications in 2025. While
these technologies did not yet result in measurable RF energy intensity
reductions in the reporting year, they are positioned for future deployment
and impact as customer adoption scales.

This innovation demonstrates how process-level advancements can
deliver meaningful GHG reductions, while sustaining the performance and
reliability required for advanced semiconductor manufacturing.
Product sustainability strategy
Energy efficient plasma sources

Smarter use of chemicals

Advanced thermal technologies

Chemicals (precursors) are deposited onto
wafers to create thin-films. The efficient use of
precursors is critical to a sustainable deposition
process.

Heating technologies are used to disperse
precursors uniformly and at the right
temperature during deposition processes.

Why it matters:
RF energy is used in large quantities, so
improving efficiencies can significantly reduce
energy consumption per wafer, making the
layering process more sustainable.

Optimizing chemical use can reduce
unnecessary waste and abatement,
reducing both environmentally taxing resources
and emissions.

As heating is a big source of energy
consumption in deposition and epitaxy
processes, heating efficiency lowers costs and
helps reach sustainability goals.

Our approach:
We developed RF power delivery technologies
that minimize RF energy loss and speed up the
plasma process, realizing lower energy
requirements.

We use chemicals more efficiently.
Through process innovations, our technology
reduces precursor consumption and lowers
abatement load.

We developed temperature control innovations
that reduce the energy required to reach the
desired temperatures for deposition, thereby
increasing efficiency.

What they are:
Plasma sources use radio frequency (RF) energy
to ionize gas, supporting deposition with higher
control and at lower temperatures.

Sustainable Innovation IP
ASM's intellectual property (IP) strategy is designed to foster innovation,
support environmental sustainability, and enhance resource efficiency. We
focus on the development of innovation that drives technological
advancements and aligns with our sustainability priorities.
To accelerate our efforts, we established a dedicated, cross-functional
committee for sustainability-related IP. ASM follows a well-defined
strategy to expand our sustainability-focused patent portfolio in three
critical areas: 1) throughput and uptime improvement, 2) chemical usage
and selection, 3) and energy efficiency.
Our commitment to sustainability-focused IP management drives our
efforts to tackle global environmental issues, ensuring long-term value for
our stakeholders and strengthening ASM’s position in this vital area.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

With Robert Hsieh – Senior Manager, System Engineering of Product Sustainability Performance

How does ASM integrate
sustainability into product design?
What if designing smarter meant
designing sustainably? At ASM,
product sustainability isn’t an addon, it’s in our DNA. We’re rethinking
design to create less waste,
conserve resources, and lower
footprints – not just ours, but those
of our customers too. Powered by
ideas, technology, and passion,

__

88

16.4 Own operations

Quick take: Product sustainability

Robert, tell us about your role and
responsibilities at ASM
I've been with ASM for two-and-ahalf years and my role focuses on
product sustainability across all
ASM products. My responsibilities
include: developing common
sustainability solutions and
supporting business units in
developing sustainability initiatives
to improve tool sustainability
performance against ASM
corporate targets and customer
requirements.

ASM Annual Report 2025

we’re shaping a future where
progress and eco-efficiency go
hand in hand.
What does it mean to be part of
ASM’s sustainability performance
team?
It means driving innovation with
purpose – embedding sustainability
into product design, improving
energy efficiency, and helping ASM
meet global goals without
compromising performance. I get
to work with multiple teams at the
tool development phase and
rethink traditional designs.
Does sustainability slow down
innovation in semiconductor
technology?
It actually accelerates it. By
sparking breakthroughs like
energy-saving platforms, smarter
process control, and greener
materials, while boosting

throughput to enable advanced
nodes, it fuels progress. That’s how
we stay ahead of what’s next while
meeting global environmental
goals.
Why is product sustainability
important at ASM?
It reduces environmental impact,
supports customers’ ESG goals,
and keeps us competitive. Through
continuous innovation – compact
chambers, advanced energysaving technologies, intelligent
process control, and modular
platforms – we improve throughput
and cut resource use. We opt for
eco-efficient chemicals to lower
our footprint and expand circularity
services for longer product
lifecycles.

“To me, sustainable innovation means enabling our
products to be competitive in the semiconductor market,
while being friendlier to our surrounding environment,
people and society.”

To meet our decarbonization goals and address energy scarcity, we are
implementing several key strategies in our own operations, including
energy-efficiency improvements at owned and operated facilities,
electrifying our systems, switching to low-carbon fuels, procuring
renewable energy, and implementing on-site renewable energy
generators. We are also working to reduce and eventually replace nonelectric GHG fuels in our operations.

Renewable electricity
As of 2024, we have achieved 100% renewable electricity usage across
our operations, supported by high-quality unbundled Energy Attribute
Certificates (EACs), green tariffs, and green premiums.
Our EACs serve as important financial incentives to renewable energy
projects, enabling the expansion of renewable energy projects globally and
thereby resulting in accelerated additionality. By supporting a range of
renewable energy sources through our EAC purchases, we aid broad
innovation and technological advancement in the renewable energy sector.
Moreover, we seek sourced projects with recent commissioning dates,
preferably within five years or less. In addition, we seek premium label
certificates such as Green-e and EKOenergy, ensuring our investments
positively influence regional clean-energy developments. In combination
with other sustainability measures, EACs reinforce our support for the
broader shift toward cleaner grids and contribute to the collective growth
of the renewable energy landscape.
We work to follow the RE100 technical procurement criteria for our
renewable electricity purchases, ensuring:
• 100% in-market purchases;
• Recent commissioning;
• Vintage limitations to electricity generation; and
• Exclusive ownership and attribution
These are all aimed at ensuring validity and reducing the chances of
double counting.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

100

100

73

2022

2023

2024

2025

Source of renewable electricity certificates
Source of renewable electricity certificates* in percentage of
total

2025

2024

Renewable electricity from bundled Energy Attribute Certificates
(EACs)

2%

3%

Renewable electricity from unbundled Energy Attribute
Certificates (EACs)

98 %

97 %

*Bundled EACs are certificates directly linked to electricity that is purchased from a
specific renewable energy source, while unbundled EACs are sold independently from
the physical electricity and can be acquired to support renewable energy claims

Looking ahead, we aim to further diversify our renewable energy approach
by entering into long-term virtual power-purchase agreements (vPPAs)
through consortium partnerships, as we cannot achieve the required
volumes as an individual company in market regions where we operate. At
this point, ASM is active in two separate consortia initiatives, which aim to
realize additional renewable energy projects to be brought to the grid.
Furthermore, ASM strives for all of its new construction projects to meet
high green building certification standards, integrating sustainability and
decarbonization elements into the design from the outset. This includes,
where possible, the on-site generation of electricity.
The expansion of our Dongtan facility in South Korea achieved LEED Gold
certification in 2025, reflecting strong performance across site
interconnectivity and transport, heat island reduction, water efficiency, and
enhanced energy commissioning.

2025

2024

-

-

(2) Fuel consumption from crude oil and petroleum
products (MWh)

2,446

2,290

(3) Fuel consumption from natural gas (MWh)

9,218

8,417

(4) Fuel consumption from other fossil sources (MWh)

-

-

(5) Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity,
heat, steam, and cooling from fossil sources (MWh)

6,628

3,284

(6) Total fossil energy consumption (MWh) (calculated as
the sum of lines 1 to 5)

18,291

13,991

Share of fossil sources in total energy consumption (%)

Energy consumption and mix

2025

2024

(7) Consumption from nuclear sources (MWh)

-

-

Share of consumption from nuclear sources in total
energy consumption (%)

-%

-%

(8) Fuel consumption for renewable sources, including
biomass (also comprising industrial and municipal waste
of biologic origin, biogas, renewable hydrogen, etc.)
(MWh)

-

-

(9) Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity,
heat, steam, and cooling from renewable sources (MWh)

88,829

79,146

(10) The consumption of self-generated non-fuel
renewable energy (MWh)

681

543

(11) Total renewable energy consumption (MWh)
(calculated as the sum of lines 8 to 10)

89,510

79,689

Share of renewable sources in total energy consumption
(%)

83 %

Total energy consumption (MWh) (calculated as the sum
of lines 6, 7, and 11)
107,801

85 %
93,680

*All energy produced is from renewable sources and is consumed by ASM.

Energy consumption and mix – fossil
(1) Fuel consumption from coal and coal products (MWh)

89

Energy consumption and mix – nuclear and renewable

In 2025, we allocated operational expenditure of €7 million towards our
decarbonization levers described in section 16.2 of this report, including
renewable energy and energy-efficiency measures. The expenditure does
not form part of ASM's capex plan under Commission Delegated regulation
(EU) 2021/2178 and is therefore not linked to EU Taxonomy KPIs. Relevant
line-items in order of significance include SG&A and R&D line items in the
P&L statement, section 28.1 of this report.

Energy consumption and mix

__

ASM Annual Report 2025

Following the energy-efficiency audits across our R&D and manufacturing
locations, first conducted in 2023, we developed a comprehensive energy
efficiency and conservation program to further decarbonize our
operations. This plan has led to numerous projects that improve energy
efficiency and reduce CO2 emissions across our facilities. In 2025, the
focus expanded to enable other departments to become sustainability
champions through dedicated training and engagement programs on
energy efficiency. These capacity-building initiatives aim to foster a culture
of sustainability ownership and empower teams to identify and implement
efficiency projects that contribute to ASM's decarbonization goals.

88

2021

Appendix

Energy management and efficiency

Electricity from renewable sources (in %)

74

Financial statements

17 %

15 %

In 2025, we advanced the Chiller iPlant Optimization project at our
Woodlands site. This intelligent solution leverages AI-driven analytics to
optimize cooling capacity at our Woodlands site in Singapore. By
dynamically adjusting chiller performance to actual demand, the system
reduces unnecessary energy use while maintaining reliability of our
operations. This project is expected to deliver energy savings of around 1
million kWh over a five-year period, with a payback time of less than five
years. Beyond the significant savings, it demonstrates how digital
technologies and smart optimization can accelerate decarbonization in a
scalable way. The project also serves as a model for how we can apply
advanced analytics and automation across other utility systems in the
future, further integrating smart solutions into our energy-efficiency
strategy.
Additional projects in 2025 targeted building ventilation and lighting
systems. A demand control ventilation system was introduced to
continuously monitor indoor air quality and carbon dioxide levels so that
ventilation rates reflect actual occupancy. This approach helps avoid overventilation during low-use periods, maintaining a healthy indoor

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

environment while reducing unnecessary energy consumption. We also
replaced fluorescent lighting fixtures with high-efficiency LED units that
draw less electricity, last significantly longer, and provide a better lighting
experience for employees. These upgrades contribute to reduced energy
use across the facility and help lower maintenance needs by extending
replacement cycles.

Carbon price

Energy intensity per net revenue

ASM applies a shadow carbon price to our Scope 1 and 2 market-based
CO2e emissions. In 2025, the societal cost of carbon (SC-CO2) was set at
€185 per tonne CO2e, based on Rennert et al. (2022), a comprehensive
peer-reviewed study published in Nature.

2025

Total energy consumption from activities in high climate
impact sectors per net revenue from activities in high
climate impact sectors (MWh/€ thousand)**

34.0

2024

31.9

*All ASM activities are in scope of high climate-impact sectors.
** Revenue derived from the Consolidated statement of profit and loss in section 28.1.

Overall, our energy efficiency and conservation initiatives, together with
our renewable energy generation, have resulted in a year-on-year saving
of 528 MWh. These achievements underscore our ambition to reach net
zero by 2035 and demonstrate ASM's continued efforts to minimize our
environmental footprint while optimizing operational performance.
ASM has introduced a new long-term target for energy efficiency and
renewable electricity. From 2026 to 2030, we aim to achieve a cumulative
10 GWh of energy savings and renewable generation across our global
operations. This ambition builds on the progress of recent years and sets a
clear pathway toward reducing our environmental footprint while
supporting operational performance. It also aligns with ASM's sustainability
strategy and the SBTi 1.5-degree pathway.
The target is underpinned by our 2025 electricity usage and a pipeline of
identified efficiency measures and renewable energy projects at our sites
worldwide. The expected savings are based on detailed engineering
assessments. While project completion will ultimately drive realized
reductions, ASM is actively implementing these projects to secure the
benefits as they come online.
To ensure accountability, ASM's environmental and facilities site teams are
working together to monitor delivery. Each project will be evaluated
against key metrics such as cost, energy savings, and environmental
impact.

To understand and account for the societal cost of carbon emissions, ASM
applies an internal carbon price mechanism in our own operations. This
metric supports our decision-making and prioritization by highlighting the
externalities of GHG emissions and embedding climate considerations
across our business.

The SC-CO2 metric represents the annual monetary value of the net harm
to society caused by the emission of one tonne of CO2e, including effects
on agricultural productivity, human health, property damage from flooding,
natural disasters, disruption of energy systems, risks of conflict,
environmental migration, and loss of ecosystem services.
ASM's envisioned use cases of this internal carbon price serve several
contexts:
• Energy efficiency, to determine the avoided carbon cost of efficiency
projects, strengthening the business case for low-energy solutions
beyond annual internal cost savings;
• Infrastructure, to guide decisions on infrastructure investments,
ensuring consideration of long-term climate impacts in financial
planning;
• R&D planning, to integrate climate-related externalities into the
prioritization of research and development spending and determining
the societal benefits of advancements in product sustainability; and
• Climate-risk assessments, to evaluate possible implications from
external carbon pricing developments.
By applying the SC-CO2 metric to our total Scope 1 and 2 market-based
emissions, ASM calculated a societal cost of €995,247 in 2025 (2024:
720,695 EUR). This assessment also helps ASM quantify the broader
societal impact of its emissions and supports integration of climate-related
issues into strategic and financial planning.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

90

16.5 Supply chain emissions
A significant portion of ASM’s Scope 3 GHG emissions comes from our
supply chain. As a result, we have adopted a multi-pronged approach to
decarbonizing our supply chain. Our strategy focuses on two key areas: 1)
Engaging our suppliers to increase transparency and reduce their
emissions, and 2) Optimizing materials usage and processes that
inherently lower or avoid emissions in the supply chain.
Supplier climate action
2025

2024

% of in scope Suppliers reporting Scope 1 & 2 emissions

87 %

67 %

% of in scope suppliers with GHG reduction targets
(Scope 1 & 2, 2030 1.5⁰ SBTi aligned)

37 %

21 %

Engaging and educating suppliers to decarbonize
Building on the foundation set in 2022, ASM continued in 2025 to
strengthen supplier engagement on climate action through a range of
dedicated programs and platforms. Each initiative provides distinct forms
of support, enabling suppliers to progress in their decarbonization journey
while building stronger alignment with ASM’s sustainability expectations.
In 2025, ASM initiated a new form of supplier support through its SCORE
(Supplier Consulting in Optimization, Renewables, and Emissions) program,
providing onsite engagement and training in the US and Korea for 19 of our
strategic and critical suppliers. These sessions covered a broad range of
capacity-building topics, including GHG emissions accounting, goal-setting
and SBTi validation. For more details on this program, refer to the next
page.
ASM also supports supplier access to renewable electricity through
industry collaboration. In 2025, the Semiconductor Climate Consortium's
Scope 2 working group advanced efforts to broaden availability of
renewables for suppliers of its 100 members. ASM also continues to
sponsor Catalyze, a pioneering program in the semiconductor industry to
improve awareness, access, and resources for renewable electricity
uptake by suppliers. Through pooling of needs, it creates larger-scale
purchasing opportunities that might not be accessible to organizations on
their own.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Both initiatives provide suppliers with clear guidance on best paths to
access renewable electricity and enable them to join procurement
opportunities either as part of a cohort or as individual buyers. This
industry-level cooperation helps accelerate the availability and adoption
of renewable electricity, further supporting decarbonization across the
value chain.

bill of materials that could be incorporated into the component
refurbishment program. Through these efforts, overall demand for new
parts in existing tools continues to decline through CKM services. The
growing adoption of multi-year CKM contracts underscores their value, not
only in maximizing operational efficacy but also in achieving quantifiable
reductions in supply-chain emissions.

To complement our upskilling efforts, ASM made the RBA’s environmental
training platform available to suppliers. This online platform offers a wealth
of courses and resources, designed to further build capabilities and enable
the practical implementation of sustainability practices within supplier
organizations. By providing accessible and structured training, ASM is
helping suppliers strengthen their internal expertise and embed
environmental management more effectively into their operations.

Avoided supply-chain emissions from materials savings

CDP continues to serve as an important platform for supplier disclosure.
ASM again invited critical and strategic suppliers to participate in the CDP
climate program with 87% reporting Scope 1+2 emissions (2024: 67%) and
37% having GHG reduction targets (Scope 1 & 2, 2030 1.5⁰ SBTi aligned).
In parallel, ASM advanced collaboration and insights-gathering through the
RBA Emissions Management Tool, a comparatively lighter disclosure
mechanism. By encouraging suppliers to align their disclosure practices
with ASM’s expectations on sustainability and climate, we are building
consistency in data collection across the supply chain, supporting our
intent of targeted engagement and intervention.

Avoiding emissions through materials savings
Next to a reduction in costs for our customers in operating the tool, our
complete kit management (CKM) program strategically focuses on
materials conservation, which prevents emissions throughout our supply
chain. CKM offers an outcome-driven service to our customers that
reduces the necessity for new materials through the systematic repair,
refurbishment, and reuse of tool parts. By extending the functional
lifecycle of durable tool parts, CKM achieves a notable reduction in
emissions related to raw-material extraction, processing, and
transportation. For more information on the CKM program, refer to section
12.3 'Product development'.
In 2025, the CKM initiative further matured, enhancing its efficacy in
mitigating supply-chain emissions. We expanded our internal
refurbishment capabilities and identified additional components within our

Year

Avoided GHG emissions per year through CKM materials savings
(tonnes CO2e)

2021

916

2022

1,807

2023

2,127

2024

2,592

2025

3,235

__

91

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

92

SCORE
Supplier Consulting in Optimization, Renewables, and Emissions
ASM is strengthening supplier resilience
through energy efficiency and renewable
energy engagement.
Through SCORE, ASM environmental experts work
directly with suppliers to identify opportunities in
energy efficiency and renewable energy, helping
suppliers to reduce costs, lower emissions, and build
resilience for the future.
Our specialists provide onsite engagement and
practical support, working hand-in-hand with suppliers
to design and implement improvement plans.

The program aims to create measurable impact across
our supply chain by building supplier capability,
sharing best practices, and accelerating the transition
to clean energy.
In 2025, 10 suppliers in the US and Korea received
onsite engagement from ASM specialists. For those
suppliers, improvement opportunities were identified,
ranging from supplier specific energy efficiency
upgrades to renewable energy adoption methods
specific to their regions.

“SCORE enables us to partner closely with
suppliers, empowering them to improve energy
performance, embrace renewable solutions,
and strengthen long-term resilience.”

Staci Curtis
Director Supply Chain Responsibility

The SCORE program
Drives supplier engagement: Provides hands-on,
onsite collaboration with ASM specialists to identify,
prioritize, and implement practical opportunities for
energy efficiency and renewable energy adoption.
Strengthens resilience: supports suppliers to reduce
operational risks, lower emissions, and improve
competitiveness by embedding sustainable
practices into their day-to-day processes and longterm business strategies.
Shares best practices: Creates a platform for
learning and capability-building, ensuring that
insights and improvements can benefit the broader
supply chain.
Delivers measurable impact: Translates supplier
engagement into concrete actions and long-lasting
results, scaling progress across key supply regions
and supporting ASM's overall sustainability
roadmap.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

17. People
Sustainability statements

17.1 People practices
17.2 Inclusion, Diversity & Belonging
17.3 Skilled workforce
17.4 Health, safety, and employee well-being

94
94
97
99

__

93

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

At ASM, we strive to be a home for talent in the semiconductor
industry. We aspire to not only be a great place to work but also
a great place to grow. Our focus on 'Best People' is a core
enabler of our Growth through Innovation strategy. Our people
power our progress by creating leading-edge semiconductor
processes, products, and services that advance technology,
drive customer success and improve people's lives. In 2025, we
built on these foundations to strengthen our company culture
and engage our people.

17.1 People practices
Engaging our people
Following our full employee engagement survey in 2024, we launched a
pulse survey in 2025. The 2025 survey examined employee sentiment
related to ASM's strategy and the evolution of our culture and talent
development, following a year marked by significant organizational change.
In addition to annual surveys, we engage our employees through multiple
channels, including quarterly global town-hall meetings with senior
leadership, employee resource groups, and development dialogues. Our
SpeakUp! whistleblower channel provides a confidential mechanism for
reporting concerns about business conduct and human-rights violations,
ensuring a safe and responsive platform for all our employees. Refer to
section 19.2 'Ethics, Bribery, and Corruption' for more information on our
whistleblower channel and raised concerns. While employee feedback
informs our people practices and engagement priorities, sustainability
targets, performance evaluations, and related improvement actions are
management-led.
In 2025, we continued to evolve our organizational design to enhance
ownership, collaboration, and innovation. This included adjustments to
leadership structures and reporting lines, as well as efforts to streamline
processes and improve operational agility. These changes support our
long‑term ambition to strengthen collaboration, accelerate execution, and
ensure we remain well‑positioned for future growth.
The pulse survey saw strong employee participation, with a 95% rate (2024:
95%). The findings indicate continued progress while also highlighting areas
for further focus. Feedback suggests that employees have an increasing

Financial statements

Appendix

understanding of how their work contributes to the company’s objectives,
accompanied by a solid sense of accountability across the organization.
In 2026, we plan to further strengthen connection, transparency, and
leadership visibility by increasing local and team all-hands meetings,
creating more informal opportunities to hear from leaders, and enhancing
feedback channels. A structured survey follow-up process, through
leadership-led discussions, action planning, and deeper dives with the
CEO and CHRO, will help to maintain alignment as our organization
evolves. Together, these measures are designed to support ongoing
engagement and the continued strengthening of our company culture.

Talent attraction and retention
Our employer brand, propelled by our tagline 'Ahead of what's next', aims
to capture ASM's identity as a company that is shaping the future of
technology at the atomic level. We are driven by breakthrough innovation,
enabling critical advances in AI, electrification, cloud computing, and nextgeneration healthcare. This forward-looking purpose is what attracts and
inspires talent across the globe.
We are committed to fostering employee growth and development through
a diverse and inclusive culture, as well as offering structured career
development pathways and a range of learning and development programs
designed to help our employees reach their full potential. Our culture of
excellence spurs us to create real-world impact and shape the future with
our advanced materials and deposition technologies.
Attracting and retaining our talent remains a critical focus for ASM as we
expand in alignment with our Growth through Innovation strategy. In 2025,
we successfully integrated 683 new hires globally. Our overall headcount
showed a slight decrease to 4,519. Despite a competitive global labor
market, we achieved a strategic expansion of our R&D workforce, which
constituted 27% of our total headcount per the end of 2025. This increase
was partially offset by simplified reporting structures and right-sizing of
management layers.
Our initiatives to fuel this growth have included targeted employerbranding campaigns, highlighting ASM as a pioneer in breakthrough
materials and precision-driven innovation. We further expanded our digital
engagement and strengthened our presence across universities and
innovation clusters worldwide. This helped further position ASM as the

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

94

destination for ambitious people who want to help shape the technologies
of tomorrow. In addition, we have maintained our investments in earlytalent programs and cultivated partnerships with industry associations to
nurture the next generation of semiconductor specialists.
ASM stands at an important point in its growth trajectory. Over the past few
years, we have continued to strengthen collaboration across the organization
and sharpen our strategic focus to support long-term global ambitions. As
part of this effort, a number of organizational adjustments were introduced to
enhance operational effectiveness and better position the company to serve
customers worldwide through a more scalable operating model.
These organizational actions, together with broader cultural shifts
underway across the company, contributed to a short‑term increase in
both voluntary and involuntary attrition during 2025 (722 persons in total).
This temporary effect was anticipated and reflects the scale and pace of
changes required to support future growth. Each step was taken to
position ASM for sustained growth, strengthen leadership capability, and
ensure our operating model supports the scale and ambitions of a top‑tier
global semiconductor company.
Employee turnover in percentages
Employee turnover (%)

2025

2024

Voluntary

10.0%

6.8%

Involuntary

6.0%

4.8%

Total attrition

16.0%

11.6%

17.2 Inclusion, Diversity & Belonging
Inclusion as a foundation
At ASM, Inclusion, Diversity & Belonging (ID&B) is a structured and
strategic system embedded within our culture, governance, and leadership
frameworks to support sustainable long-term value creation. We are
committed to fostering an environment where all colleagues contribute to
strong business results while bringing their best to ASM - a workplace
where everyone is valued, treated with respect, and experiences a genuine
sense of belonging. We believe this inclusive approach strengthens
innovation, enhances problem-solving, and establishes excellence as a
baseline standard across the organization.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

ASM's ID&B policy, last updated in December 2025, builds on our 2024
DE&I policy and is fully integrated into our governance framework and
leadership accountability structures. Oversight by the Supervisory Board
ensures alignment with our business strategy and long-term objectives.
The policy is implemented through targeted actions, ongoing training, and
measurable outcomes. We uphold meritocracy in hiring, performance, and
promotion decisions, based solely on role suitability and objective, nondiscriminatory criteria. Discrimination, harassment, bullying, abuse, or
physical, verbal, sexual, or psychological threats of any kind are not
tolerated. This policy reinforces psychological safety and belonging,
ensuring employees can contribute authentically, supporting engagement,
retention, and talent density – all critical drivers of sustainable growth.
Clear expectations for people managers and individual contributors define
high performance standards, and our 'One ASM' mindset and ACE values –
Accountability, Collaboration, and Empowerment – are embedded in daily
behaviors and decision-making. Culture is not aspirational; it is a measurable
system. ID&B outcomes and cultural behaviors are monitored through
employee engagement surveys, including a dedicated Inclusion Index, and
are reported regularly to the Social Economic Council in accordance with
Dutch law. Representation targets for leadership and board composition
further reinforce transparency, accountability, and progress tracking.

Our inclusion, diversity & belonging action plan
In 2025, we advanced our ID&B multi‑year strategic roadmap through
expanded reskilling and upskilling initiatives, complemented by global
webinars, micro‑learnings, inclusive feedback practices, and inclusive
hiring approaches. These initiatives engaged over 1,000 employees,
supporting the development of a more aware and empathetic workplace
culture. Inclusion topics were also embedded within leadership
development programs, including our Lead Ahead program, to reinforce
manager capability, accountability, and inclusive leadership behaviors.
Progress and impact in 2025 were monitored through engagement scores,
retention metrics, and delivery against defined strategic priorities. As part
of our inclusive hiring approach, we strengthened governance by tracking
the representation of women in final candidate slates. We also partnered
with specialized external recruitment partners to support the identification
and attraction of female talent. In parallel, we continued to strengthen our
employee value proposition (EVP), including the development of targeted
personas such as women in STEM, to support the attraction and retention

Financial statements

Appendix

of diverse talent. Together, these actions are intended to help ensure
employees feel respected, valued, and supported in contributing to ASM’s
objectives. Looking ahead to 2026 and beyond, we will continue on this
action path (also with a view of the gender diversity targets set out on the
next page under 'Diversity in perspectives').
In 2025, we expanded the reach and impact of the ASM Women's Initiative
Network (WIN). WIN initiatives are designed to support female talent, foster
leadership, allyship, and drive gender inclusivity in the workplace. Highlights
from 2025 included skill-building workshops, and networking events. These
initiatives contribute to building a sense of community and belonging.
Beyond WIN, our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) play a critical role in
fostering an inclusive culture. Our ID&B policy includes a target for 2025 to
have three ERGs in place: SHADES, WIN, and a Neurodiversity ERG. As
ERGs at ASM are voluntary and employee-led, their formation and
longevity depend on employee interest and engagement. While a
Neurodiversity ERG did not formally emerge in 2025, our ERG ecosystem
continued to evolve in meaningful ways.
Today, ASM's ERGs include WIN, SHADES, The Sustainability Ambassador
Network, and We Care – each reflecting the priorities and passions of our
workforce. These groups help cultivate a workplace that values diverse
perspectives while providing leadership with valuable insights into the
experiences and needs of potentially vulnerable or underrepresented
employee populations.
Looking ahead to 2026, we will continue to encourage and support ERGs
that arise organically, ensuring alignment with ASM's ID&B policy and
reinforcing inclusion as a driver of innovation, resilience, and long-term
value creation. Our ID&B policy includes a target for 2030 to have ERGs in
the areas of Disabilities, Multicultural and Multi-generational. With the
aforementioned action (and Multicultural being in place with SHADES), we
believe we are on a path to meet that target.

ASM Annual Report 2025

95

manager interview training' to minimize unconscious bias in the recruitment
process. We also launched a referral program aligned with International
Women's Day and International Women in Engineering Day to attract
female talent. In 2025, we expanded these efforts by redeploying our
leadership acceleration program for women, aimed at expediting their
readiness for leadership roles at ASM.
ASM continuously assesses the gender-pay ratio across all levels, ensuring
fairness in our remuneration practices. Our gender-pay review is a formal
part of our annual performance evaluation, providing transparency and
accountability in compensation and promotion processes. Our unadjusted
gender pay gap was -0.5% in 2025. Comparative data for the unadjusted
gender pay gap calculation was not practical to attain.
Equal remuneration results
2025

2024

Adjusted gender pay gap - average

0.97

0.98

Adjusted gender pay gap - median

0.97

0.97

Inclusion, Diversity & Belonging (ID&B)

Inclusion

We want to create a safe space and invite everyone to
contribute and share their voice so that they feel
respected, valued and supported.

Diversity

We embrace all the ways that make each of us unique and
accept everyone for who they are, so that our diversity of
thought can ignite innovation to make us stronger.

Belonging

We want everyone to feel accepted and connected as a
valued member, so that we can be ourselves – bringing our
authentic self to work to do our best every day.

Equal pay
We strive to provide equitable opportunities for all our employees while
ensuring advancement and recognition are based on individual merit and
performance. Our ID&B initiatives are integrated into core people
processes, including recruitment, performance reviews, promotions, and
compensation. In 2025, we implemented several actions, including 'hiring

__

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Diversity in perspectives
We have witnessed comparable representation of diverse nationalities
within ASM, growing from 69 nationalities in 2024 to 70 in 2025. As a
global company, we are committed to increasing diversity across all levels
of our organization.
To drive gender diversity, we focus on three segments: the Supervisory
and Management Boards, the Sub-board, which comprises 44 females and
246 males (2024: 49 females, 238 males), and all employees. For our
Supervisory and Management Boards, our ID&B policy aims for no single
gender to hold more than two-thirds of seats. Per the end of 2025, our
Supervisory Board achieved 43% (3/7) female representation, while the
Management Board consisted of two men. For more information on the
actions in place for those targets for the Management Board and
Supervisory Board and information on the ID&B policy where meritocracy
prevails, see chapter 21.6.
We aim to increase female representation across all levels of our
organization. The Sub‑board comprises directors, senior directors,
corporate directors, vice presidents, corporate vice presidents and senior
vice presidents, including the Executive Committee, but excluding
Management Board members. ID&B target calculations for this population
are subject to applicable laws and regulations and therefore exclude ASM’s
US‑based employee population and US nationals employed directly by
ASM’s non‑US entities.At the Sub-board level female representation
dropped to 19% in 2025, excluding ASM’s US-based employee population
and US nationals employed directly by ASM's non-US entities (2024: 22%).
Our aim was to achieve a Sub-board of 20% women by 2025, and now we
strive for at least 25% by 2030, subject to new applicable laws and
regulations, therefore excluding ASM’s US-based employee population. For
our general workforce, we had set a parallel goal of achieving 20% female
representation by 2025 and aiming for 25% by 2030, subject to applicable
laws and regulations, and excluding ASM’s US-based employee population.
In 2025, female representation was 19%, the same as 2024. Of our 683
new hires in 2025, 21% were female.
Despite focused efforts to hire women across all levels and regions, and a
rigorous internal promotion process aimed at advancing ASM’s strongest
female talent, the 2025 target was not achieved. While progress continues,
1

As captured in Note 24 of this report.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM remains committed to a merit‑based approach to talent decisions.
Leadership appointments and promotions are made based on capability,
performance, and readiness, rather than quotas. This approach ensures
fairness, credibility, and long‑term sustainability, while reinforcing our
ongoing commitment to building a diverse and inclusive talent pipeline.
These targets were set by the Management Board in 2025 per ASM's
baseline levels and an industry benchmark. It was subsequently approved
by the Supervisory Board.

Headcount (Female)

Headcount (Male)

As a global company, our workforce is composed of employees from
diverse regions, and encompasses permanent employees only. We did not
employ people on a temporary or non-guaranteed hours basis in 2024 and
2025. Our diversity enables us to maintain a dynamic and adaptable
workforce that can meet the evolving needs of our customers.
Workforce demographics in numbers1
Employee
headcount

Total America Europe

Asia

Total

565 2,528 4,519

1,337

646 2,575 4,558

Permanent

1,426

565 2,528 4,519

1,337

646 2,575 4,558

Full-time

1,426

537 2,526 4,489

1,336

612 2,572 4,520

Part-time

0

2024

2025

2024

Sub-board

15%

17%

85%

83%

Senior managers

24%

23%

76%

77%

Managers

25%

24%

75%

76%

Senior professionals

19%

20%

81%

80%

Employee
headcount

Professionals

18%

18%

82%

82%

by gender

Para-professionals

6%

5%

94%

95%

STEM-related positions

11%

10%

89%
82%

2024
Asia

1,426

2025

18%

2025
America Europe

Total

Group

18%

96

Workforce demographics

by region

Gender diversity across our organization

All employees

__

ASM Annual Report 2025

28

2

30

1

34

2025

3

38

2024

Female

Male

Total

Female

Male

Total

Total

832

3,687

4,519

827

3,731

4,558

90%

Permanent

832

3,687

4,519

827

3,731

4,558

82%

Full-time

822

3,667

4,489

812

3,708

4,520

Part-time

10

20

30

15

23

38

Age diversity
Age diversity within our workforce is an important element of our inclusion
efforts. Employees from different generations bring unique perspectives
and strengths, contributing to a well-rounded organizational culture.

By embedding ID&B into every aspect of our operations, we continue to
strive for a workplace that is innovative, empowering, and inclusive.
Top 5 countries by headcount

Age diversity across our organization

Country

2025

2024

Distribution of employees by age group (%)

2025

2024

United States

1,426

1,337

Under 30

13%

14%

Singapore

875

1,064

>30 and <50

68%

67%

South Korea

537

493

Over 50 years

19%

19%

Taiwan

482

408

Japan

325

330

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Develop Ahead program
Preparing for the next step in leadership
Why it matters
• At ASM, we know that developing leadership early builds
resilience and strengthens our future pipeline.

• The Develop Ahead program helps ambitious individual
contributors and mid-career managers to grow into broader
leadership responsibilities.
• This program reflects our commitment to preparing talent for
complex challenges and enabling career growth across the
company.

Program overview

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

97

17.3 Skilled workforce
Talent and leadership development
At ASM, we recognize that long-term career progression and skill
development are essential to retaining our talented workforce and
supporting our organizational growth. In 2025, we remained committed to
empowering our people through comprehensive talent and leadership
development initiatives aimed at upgrading skills and developing future
leaders within ASM. We offer a variety of development programs to ensure
the right knowledge is available at the right time, supporting both technical
and leadership growth.
ASM's approach to training and skills development is not defined by a
global policy, but by an emphasis on outcomes. This ensures that each
employee has access to development opportunities aligned with their
individual career journey. In 2025, we launched our Career Framework and
newly revised job architecture, which provide clearer pathways for growth
and reinforce ongoing skills development and training.

• Twice-yearly cohorts, combining external faculty coaching with
ASM business leaders as coaches.

• Participants practice navigating uncertainty and change by
evolving their leadership mindset and experimenting with new
approaches.

Participant impact
• Participant satisfaction: 9.6/10
• Content relevance: 4.89/5

“The most valuable insight I gained from the Develop
Ahead program was the power of pausing to gain clarity
– a simple yet profound principle that helps leaders
make better decisions in complex, fast-paced
environments."

Arvind Pattabiraman
Senior Manager Business Process

Learning programs and employee skill-building
At ASM, we see learning and development as essential to both individual
growth and organizational success. We are guided by the 70-20-10 model,
which emphasizes that 70% of learning occurs through on-the-job
experiences, 20% through coaching, mentoring, and networking, and 10%
through formal training programs. This balanced model helps ensure our
employees build the skills and confidence they need to thrive in a fastchanging semiconductor industry.
We invest in a wide range of opportunities to support this journey,
including in-house technical development centers across regions,
specialized training in deposition technologies, and access to leading
scientific publications such as IEEE Xplore, Elsevier, and TechInsights.
These resources ensure our people stay at the forefront of innovation.
A central focus is preparing our leaders for long-term success. In 2025, we
expanded our global leadership portfolio with programs tailored to every
stage of the career journey. We also formalized mentoring opportunities for
participants in these programs, with plans to further expand these
initiatives in 2026.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Quick take: ASM Women in Leadership
With Vivian Hsu – Senior Director Sales Taiwan

What is your role at ASM, and
what are your main
responsibilities?
I joined ASM in 2017 and currently
lead the sales team in Taiwan. My
main responsibilities include driving
revenue growth and expanding
market share across all product
lines and customers, developing
and executing the overall sales
strategy, leading and mentoring
sales team, and managing key
customer relationships to ensure
ASM's long-term success.

What are your main priorities for
supporting ASM’s customers?
Ensuring customer satisfaction,
loyalty, and business success by,
for example, effectively and
accurately solving customer issues;
proactively communicating to
deliver seamless, professional
interactions; and gathering
customer feedback to drive
improvement.
“To me, customer centricity
means…”
Placing customers' needs,
experiences, and long-term
success at the core of business
decisions and processes.

“To me, leadership excellence
means…”
The constant ability to inspire and
empower the team to achieve
results beyond expectations, while
developing the character and
capability of our people.

Is there anything else you’d like
to share about your role and/or
leadership development at ASM?
At the start of 2026, embrace the
edge – today’s challenges are
tomorrow's triumphs.

What is the most valuable insight
or leadership capability you took
away from the Women in
Leadership program, and why did
it resonate with you?
I found it useful to discover the
practical balance of authentic
strength vs. conforming – staying
authentic in principle and flexible in
style.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

98

Our Lead Ahead program, which serves as the foundation for all people
managers, continued to scale in 2025. More than 82% of managers
worldwide completed Levels I and II, taking part in virtual and in-person
sessions that enhanced leadership skills, strengthened team performance,
and broadened knowledge in business areas such as finance, intellectual
property, and legal compliance. In 2025, we introduced additional manager
courses for Level III.
For those stepping into their first management roles, the newly introduced
Boost Ahead program provided critical support in making the shift from
individual achievement to team success. The first global cohort completed
the program in 2025, with 2026 bringing an additional two cohorts.
Ambitious individual contributors and early-career managers preparing for
more complex responsibilities took part in Develop Ahead. Two cohorts
were hosted in the US and Taiwan, bringing together more than 50
participants who collectively invested over 1,000 hours in leadership
development. Feedback reflected a 96% satisfaction rate and significant
growth in the ability to navigate complex challenges.
At the executive level, Leap Ahead guided leaders from Asia, Europe, and
the US through a curriculum led by global experts and ASM Executive
Committee members. More than 20 participants explored strategy,
reflective leadership, and value creation, while also receiving 360-degree
feedback and peer coaching to strengthen collaboration and resilience.
To further diversify our pipeline, the Women in Leadership program
continued to accelerate the growth of women leaders at ASM. After a
successful first edition in Korea in 2024, the second cohort was held in
Taiwan in 2025. The program delivered external faculty expertise, direct
Board member engagement, and an expanded peer network, resulting in
enhanced participant confidence and stronger cross-regional
collaboration.

“Leadership excellence starts with authenticity. The
Women in Leadership program taught me that staying true
to your principles while adapting your style is the key to
inspiring teams and driving results.”

To broaden access beyond structured programs, we launched openaccess virtual learning sessions, creating more opportunities for employees
across the globe to develop their skills and connect with colleagues.
Taken together, these initiatives ensure that ASM supports leaders at
every level of their career. By investing in development pathways that
range from first-time management roles to seasoned executive

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

responsibilities, we are strengthening our culture, building an inclusive
leadership pipeline, and preparing the leaders who will guide ASM’s longterm success.

Performance management and career development
Performance management is a critical element of our skilled workforce
strategy. At ASM, every employee undergoes a structured annual
performance-review process that includes setting objectives at individual,
team, and company-wide levels. These objectives contribute directly to
performance-based incentives, ensuring alignment between employee
performance and ASM’s strategic goals.
Our performance review process involves mid-year check-ins, year-end
evaluations, and 360-degree feedback mechanisms, promoting
transparency and facilitating constructive dialogue between managers and
their teams. In addition to these formal performance cycles, ASM is
executing an agile performance-management approach. This continuous
approach supports managing employee performance and development
throughout the year rather than relying solely on annual or bi-annual
reviews. Agile performance management is collaborative, involving regular
conversations and continuous feedback. It not only focuses on achieving
annual performance outcomes, but also emphasizes the process of getting
there, regularly revisiting objectives, identifying barriers, and ensuring
effective performance.
In 2025, 100% of our employees took part in performance- and careerdevelopment reviews, ensuring that every individual received feedback on
their performance and had opportunities to align their growth objectives
with ASM’s goals. This participation rate was consistent across genders,
demonstrating our commitment to equitable career development
opportunities for all employees.
Employees that participated in annual performance and career
development reviews

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

2024

Male

100%

99%

Female

99%

98%

Total employees

100%

99%

99

Training and development metrics

Occupational health and safety (OHS) management system

ASM tracks key metrics to ensure the effectiveness of our learning initiatives.
In 2025, the average number of training hours per employee was 19 hours.
The year-over-year decline was especially driven by course-specific
demand versus any change in the training assignment structure. Also, in
2024, several ad-hoc mandatory trainings were introduced which were not
repeated in 2025.

Our OHS management system is designed to cover all aspects of
occupational health and safety across our operations. In line with
international standards such as the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA)
Code of Conduct, and other leading frameworks, our system ensures
compliance with applicable legal requirements. In 2025, 100% of ASM
employees and on-site contractors were covered by this system, ensuring
their safety and well-being are actively managed.

Average training hours for our global workforce
Avg. training hours per employee

Male

2025

2024

21

29

Female

13

17

Total employees

19

27

The disparity in average training hours between men and women stems
from the representation of men in specific roles that require a higher-thanaverage amount of training annually. For example, in roles such as field
service engineering, where training demands are highest, women currently
represent 15% of the workforce. The difference therefore reflects functionbased training requirements rather than unequal access to development
opportunities.
Research (Venniker, 2000) shows that the compounded benefits of
corporate training and skills development can extend further into society, a
concept of societal spillover effects of employer‑provided training. Based
on this, ASM applies a one-to-one multiplier to its investment in training,
resulting in an estimated societal benefit of €1.1 million in 2025 (€1.2
million in 2024).

17.4 Health, safety, and employee well-being
Our vision for health and safety

2025

__

At ASM, we believe all incidents and injuries are preventable and that
health and well-being are fundamental rights for all. This vision is
embodied in our Occupational health and safety (OHS) policy, which
guides our actions in creating a safe, healthy, and supportive environment
for everyone working with or for ASM. Our policy is available on our
website. We strive to care for the safety of our employees, contractors,
and partners.

We achieved a major milestone in 2025 with ASM's certification to ISO
45001, the internationally recognized standard for occupational health and
safety management systems. This certification confirms that ASM's safety
practices meet rigorous global standards and reflects our ambition to
create safe workplaces, reducing risks, and fostering a culture of
continuous improvement. By embedding ISO 45001 principles into our daily
operations, we are strengthening our ability to proactively manage hazards
and reduce workplace incidents.
Our management system is based on a structured, globally harmonized
framework that includes hazard identification, risk assessment, and safety
leadership across all operations. The system integrates internal
inspections, proactive risk identification measures such as Safety
Management by Walking Around (SMBWA), and regular Good Catch
reporting, with the aim to ensure the early detection of potential risks and
the effective implementation of preventive measures. The external
verification of our health, safety, and well-being management system
against ISO 45001 standards, provides independent assurance of our
compliance and progress across all our R&D and manufacturing locations.
We also prioritize and integrate action plans with quantified targets to
address identified health and safety risks. These action plans are
monitored and evaluated to assess progress in reducing or preventing
health issues or risks against established targets. To further enhance our
preparedness, we have integrated emergency response actions, including
trained Emergency Response Teams (ERT) to manage incidents effectively
at our key production and R&D sites.

Well-being and work-life balance
At ASM, we recognize that employee well-being is integral to our success.
Our working hours and employee well-being policies adhere to local
regulations, and align with the RBA guidelines, which dictate a workweek

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

of no more than 60 hours, including overtime, with at least one day off per
seven days. To ensure compliance and promote a healthy work-life
balance, we actively monitor the hours of our employees working in
manufacturing. In 2025, we did not have any major deviations from
working-hour requirements.
Our global absenteeism rate remained low at 1% in 2025 (2024: 1%),
indicating the effectiveness of our well-being initiatives, which include
promoting mental and physical health, and providing access to
comprehensive health services. These initiatives are aimed at fostering an
environment where our employees can thrive, both professionally and
personally.

Financial statements

Appendix

Safety leadership and culture
Safety is everyone's responsibility at ASM. Our safety leadership initiatives
are built around empowering all employees, regardless of role, to take
ownership of their health and safety practices. In 2024, we reinforced our
commitment through the 7Es of Safety Leadership program, which
includes 'Engage' as the 7th 'E', emphasizing the importance of active
engagement in safety practices. Our Safety Leadership Award continues to
recognize employees who contribute significantly to creating a safe work
environment, reinforcing positive safety behaviors and leadership.
We maintain a safety culture that is both proactive and participatory.
Employees are encouraged to call a 'Stop Work' if they encounter a

Safety leadership awards 2025

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

100

potentially unsafe situation, and actively participate in safety committees
and working groups across our sites. Our safety engagement includes
sharing best practices and data transparently.

Key safety programs
ASM focuses on several key safety programs and strategic initiatives:
Continuously improving our safety systems
ASM uses a structured procedural approach to investigating health and
safety incidents and exposures. Our SHIELD platform continues to be an
essential tool in managing safety data, incidents, and performance. The
system integrates various mechanisms for conducting an investigation,
starting with forming the right team qualified to lead the investigation. It
also allows for effective tracking and predictive capabilities, which are
crucial for reducing health and safety risks. The OASIS system, first
launched in 2022, supports product safety by managing risk assessments
and safety validations throughout product development, ensuring safety
by design.

Q1 2025
Tama Lab, Japan

Q2 2025
Phoenix University, USA

For outstanding leadership
in lab safety through
engineering innovation,
hazard elimination, and
strong cross-functional
engagement.

For exceptional safety
leadership, eliminating
hazards, and engaging
employees to create a
safer lab environment.

Safety is not just a part of ‘safety training’. We embed it in equipmentspecific training, so it is part of the equipment maintenance and
manufacturing experience, and not something only covered by policy. This
approach increases awareness of safety risks associated with equipment
used in job tasks, helping to reduce the potential for future incidents. We
also engage every new employee around the basics of safety during our
new-hire orientation course. This complements safety training specific to
working in high-hazard areas or conditions.

Q3 2025
New Jersey, USA

Q4 2025
Almere, The Netherlands

For strengthening safety
practices, improving
emergency preparedness,
and fostering a culture of
continuous improvement.

For demonstrating safety
leadership and eliminating
hazards at ASM’s
Headquarters.

In October, ASM held its second annual global Be Safe Week. The program
was designed to reinforce the belief that safety is a shared responsibility
across the company. Activities included global virtual sessions and sitespecific upskilling events, giving employees the opportunity to strengthen
their awareness of workplace safety and get involved in safety initiatives.

Training our employees to be safety leaders

Rolling out our strategic plan
Our multi-year strategic plan, which launched in late 2023, aims to elevate
ASM’s safety culture, achieve a leading safety performance, and inspire
improvements across the industry. The plan focuses on leadership, datadriven learning systems, key risk areas, and enhancing safety through
innovation.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Targeted risk reduction
Specific areas such as R&D labs, manufacturing, and global service
environments represent our highest health and safety risks. We implement
multi-dimensional risk-reduction plans that focus on these areas by
directly addressing risks and making procedural improvements.

Financial statements

Appendix

our second global Be Safe Week, with a wide range of local and regional
events that increased awareness, encouraged dialogue, and strengthened
shared ownership of safety.

We continue to play an active role in the broader industry to promote
safety. Our engagement with SESHA, as well as being a top tier (Titanium)
sponsor, reflects our dedication to contributing to industry standards, good
practices, and sharing knowledge that can enhance safety globally.

In addition, we continued targeted safety messaging and stepped up
business partnering with our Lab, Manufacturing, and Service
organizations to promote the consistent application of global safety
standards. Throughout the year, health and safety remained a key focus,
supported by quarterly reviews of strategic plans and progress. Health and
safety was also a recurring topic in quarterly town hall meetings with the
CEO, reinforcing leadership commitment and accountability.

Our 2025 performance

Looking ahead

ASM is committed to transparency and the continuous improvement of our
health and safety performance. Our safety performance is measured
through the total recordable injury rate, which includes injuries requiring
medical treatment beyond first aid, restricted work, or lost work days. In
2025, our total recordable injury rate was 0.13 (2024: 0.24).

By 2030, we aim to maintain a recordable injury rate of 0.15 or lower,
representing a 38% reduction from our 2024 baseline result of 0.24. This
target applies to all employees and contractors globally and aligns with
international occupational health and safety standards.

Collaboration and industry engagement

Health and safety results from our own workforce

Our strategy to achieve this target integrates preventative safety
measures, ergonomic risk reduction, and behavioral safety programs to
drive continuous improvement, in alignment with our 7E framework.

2025

2024

Number of fatalities related to work-related injuries and
work-related ill health

0

0

Recordable work-related injuries

6

11

Recordable work-related ill health

0

1

Recordable work-related injury rate (OSHA)

0.13

0.24

17.5 Human rights

Recordable work-related injury rate (CSRD)

0.65

1.20

Our Global Employment Standards

Injury rate

0.41

0.47

Lost workday injury rate

0.04

0.06

46

22

Our organizational commitment to fair employment is formalized through
the Global Employment Standards (GES) and our Human Rights policy,
which define ASM's approach to upholding human rights and labor
standards throughout our global operations. Both policy documents are
publicly available on our website, and to all employees. We make sure
these standards are upheld through onboarding training and periodic
refresher sessions, cultivating a deep understanding among our employees
of their rights and responsibilities.

Days lost from work-related injuries and ill health and
related fatalities.

The reduction in recordable injuries was supported by increasing attention
to situational awareness and strengthening engagement at all levels of the
company. Structural improvements included improving the pre-evaluation
of risks to identify and mitigate potential safety risks before work begins.
This proactive approach is reinforced by our emphasis on a 'see
something, say something, do something' safety culture and by improved
communication and engagement across the organization. In 2025, we held

Progress continues to be monitored on a quarterly basis through incident
tracking and internal safety audits, with annual disclosures in our public
annual reports.

Our Global Employment Standards and Human Rights policy align with
international frameworks, including the United Nations Guiding Principles
(UNGP) on Business and Human Rights, the International Labor

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

101

Organization’s (ILO) conventions, and the Responsible Business Alliance
(RBA) Code of Conduct. These frameworks inform our practices on several
critical dimensions:
• The explicit prohibition of forced or involuntary labor, including human
trafficking, and payment of any recruitment fees;
• Doing our utmost to achieve a workplace devoid of discrimination or
harassment based on race, gender, sexual orientation, national origin,
disability, age, or other characteristics, and to ensure equal rights and
opportunities – including remuneration and promotion – based on
individual merit, results, potential, skills, and experience;
• Prohibition of child labor, with global policies to prevent employment for
individuals under the age of 18;
• Cultivating a workplace free of corporal punishment, coercion, threats,
or harassment; and
• Compliance with all applicable wage and hour legislation, including
regulations related to minimum wages, overtime, and collective
bargaining.

Adequate wages and pay ratio
In keeping with the tenets of our Global Employment Standards, ASM
strives for all employees globally to be compensated with an adequate
wage that meets or exceeds the requirements for a decent living standard.
Our 2025 assessment was in line with applicable benchmarks, including
the Anker methodology, for which we utilized data from WageIndicator.
The results showed all employees were paid an adequate wage, apart from
one employee in Singapore, equating to 0.02% (2024: all except two
employees in Singapore, equating to 0.04%).
Our rewards philosophy is centered on recognizing the value that each
individual brings to the organization, and ensuring fair and competitive
compensation that reflects local market conditions, employee skills,
experience, and performance. We are committed to a holistic rewards
strategy that encompasses not only base pay, but also performancerelated incentives, comprehensive benefits, and opportunities for
professional growth. This approach underscores our commitment to the
well-being of our workforce, enabling them and their families to meet
essential needs while also supporting long-term career development within
ASM.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Our annual total remuneration ratio of the highest-paid individual to the
median annual total remuneration for all employees was 66 in 2025 (2024:
35). Differences are explained due to data quality improvements which
were not feasible to apply to prior year's data, currency volatility, and a
change in CEO remuneration due to the number of months within the year
in the role. For more information on the remuneration of the Management
Board, refer to the remuneration report.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM's 5-step approach to human rights due diligence

Step 1

Set policies to govern the most important human-rights
topics for our organization.

Step 2

Assess ASM’s human-rights risks and impacts at minimum
on an annual basis.

Step 3

Employ various tools to gather insights from our employees
and other stakeholders.

Step 4

Where applicable, stop, prevent, and/or remediate negative
impacts caused by our organization.

Step 5

Track our improvement steps in response to risks identified,
and communicate our progress.

Human rights due diligence
Human rights due diligence is central to our ethical approach to business
operations. Our due diligence protocols involve a systematic periodic
review of the risk mapping of potential issues, including the context of
mergers and acquisitions. For our operations, this starts with validated
annual assessments for all manufacturing and R&D sites, identifying
potential risks associated with human rights and labor practices. Where
risks are identified, we implement comprehensive audits and corrective
measures without delay. In 2025, these assessments indicated a low-risk
profile across all ASM sites, with no reported violations of human-rights
standards.
Following a deep dive audit in 2024, our primary manufacturing site in
Singapore underwent a Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Validated
Assessment Program (VAP) closure audit and achieved a perfect score of
200/200, earning ASM a ‘Platinum’ recognition. None of our other sites
required mitigation plans in recent years. Our commitment to sound labor
practices remains paramount, and we continuously strive to enhance our
due-diligence processes to safeguard the well-being of our workforce in
accordance with international benchmarks.
As per our Human Rights policy, if ASM is found to have caused or
contributed to an adverse human-rights impact, we aim to provide or
cooperate in appropriate remediation. We would also take action to
prevent future harm by learning from the process and by taking steps to
mitigate future impacts.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

102

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

18. Supply chain
responsibility
Sustainability statements

18.1 Supply chain overview
18.2 Engaging our suppliers
18.3 Taking action

104
105
107

103

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

ASM is dedicated to upholding human rights and ensuring safe
and fair working conditions throughout its supply chain. We
prioritize freely chosen employment, workplace safety, and the
right to rest for all workers, collaborating closely with our
suppliers to consistently maintain these standards.

18.1 Supply chain overview
ASM recognizes that our business impact goes beyond our direct
operations, reaching across our global network of suppliers. These
suppliers provide the critical materials and services that support our
ongoing success. Understanding the context of our supply-chain
environment – geographic disparities, industry-specific dynamics, and
vulnerabilities in commodity sourcing – has informed the policies and
practices we have implemented to mitigate risks and uphold responsible
conduct across our supply chain.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Industry demand fluctuation and its potential impact
As a key player in the semiconductor value chain, ASM and our suppliers
are subject to cyclical demand patterns. This variability can add pressure
to suppliers with a high exposure to the semiconductor industry or who are
highly dependent on manual labor. This can lead to labor risks such as
excessive working hours, fewer rest days, and reliance on migrant or
temporary workers.
In downtimes, reduced demand may result in workforce adjustments,
including shorter hours, lower wages, or layoffs. To help mitigate these
effects, ASM applies long-range planning and forecasting to anticipate
shifts. Additionally, we aim to establish contractual agreements that
require suppliers to carry inventory to smooth out demand cycles and
improve lead times.

104

Our responsible supply chain-management strategy employs a risk-based
approach, enabling us to prioritize engagement with suppliers identified as
being at a higher risk of non-compliance with our standards. In instances
where non-compliance is detected, ASM works collaboratively with these
suppliers to implement effective remediation measures. This process is
governed by a predefined escalation mechanism that is based on
Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) best practices. It is designed to
facilitate corrective actions and bring suppliers into alignment with our
expectations. If suppliers fail to meet minimum sustainability requirements
within a set timeframe, it will affect their performance scorecard and
trigger progressive escalations, which may include restrictions on new
business opportunities and, in some cases, the termination of their
business relationship with ASM. In reverse, if suppliers perform well on
sustainability, this will be positively reflected in their scorecards, which in
turn may contribute to contract awarding.

Supply chain insights
2025

2024

>1,000

>1,000

Geographic and commodity risk overview

Total # of ASM suppliers

From a geographic risk perspective, ASM's suppliers are located globally,
which introduces a range of risk factors associated with different regions.
Evaluations of supplier responses, complemented by third-party
assessments of human-rights risks, have led to the identification of several
geographies within our Tier 1 supply chain that exhibit higher risks for
forced, child, or compulsory labor. These geographies include China,
Malaysia, Mexico, Thailand, and Vietnam, where certain suppliers conduct
manufacturing activities for ASM.

# of critical and strategic (C/S) direct materials suppliers

67

87

# of other direct/indirect materials and service suppliers

66

21

% of total spending covered by C/S suppliers

56 %

63 %

% of total spending covered by indirect suppliers in
scope of sustainability program

9%

6%

In addition to geographic risks, ASM directly (Tier 1) and indirectly (Tier 2+)
sources several commodities known to be at a higher risk for unsafe
working conditions and excessive working hours. These commodities
include minerals like tin, tungsten, tantalum, gold, cobalt, copper, mica,
silver, and zinc, as well as materials and goods such as ceramics,
electronics, glass, iron, rubber, rubber gloves, sand, silicon, sapphires,
textiles, and timber. Higher risk service categories are also part of our
supply chain, including on-site services such as cleaning, security, and
logistics, as well as hazardous waste vendors. Given the complexities
inherent in assessing risks for each specific commodity, ASM is actively
expanding its value-chain assessments to better understand these risks
and identify areas for mitigation.

__

Policies governing supply-chain risks
We establish clear expectations for our suppliers concerning the treatment
of workers in their operations and the responsible sourcing of high-risk
minerals throughout the upstream supply chain. These expectations
require suppliers to not only comply but also ensure that their own supply
chains uphold these standards. To formalize these requirements, we have
developed three foundational policy documents: (1) the Supplier Code of
Conduct policy statement, (2) the Responsible Minerals policy statement,
and (3) the Human Rights policy. All three documents ensure we align with
international standards and ethical business practices, such as the United
Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the OECD
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.

The sustainability requirements for suppliers are assessed annually and
deployed throughout the commodity organization. This helps ensure our
purchasing practices are aligned with the requirements set forth in our
policies.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Supplier Code of Conduct and Human Rights policy statements

Responsible Minerals policy statement

ASM's Supplier Code of Conduct and Human Rights policy statements
mandate that all Tier 1 suppliers comply with standards based on the RBA
Code of Conduct. This code, along with our Human Rights policy, are
linked to key international frameworks such as the United Nations Guiding
Principles on Business and Human Rights, the ILO Declaration on
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and the Universal Declaration
of Human Rights. These policies articulate clear expectations for suppliers
in relation to individual rights, worker treatment, environmental footprint
minimization, responsible sourcing of high-risk minerals, and cascading
these standards through their own supply chains. The Supplier Code of
Conduct and our Human Rights policy address fundamental labor and
human-rights principles, which include but are not limited to:
a. free and equal in dignity and rights;
b. freedom from discrimination and equal pay for equal work;
c. freedom from slavery and freely chosen employment;
d. right to privacy;
e. freedom of assembly and association;
f. right to rest and leisure;
g. right to safe and healthy working conditions, including access to clean
water and sanitation;
h. a clean, healthy, and sustainable environment;
i. abolition of child labor; and
j. access to remedy and grievance mechanisms.

In addition to labor standards, ASM is committed to safeguarding human
rights throughout our extended supply chain, with a particular emphasis on
high-risk minerals. Our Responsible Minerals policy applies to all Tier 1
suppliers and aligns with the due diligence and assurance principles of the
Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), the US Dodd-Frank Act, and the EU
Conflict Minerals Regulation (2017/821). This policy targets ConflictAffected and High-Risk Areas (CAHRAs) and mandates that direct
suppliers source materials responsibly while adhering to relevant
regulations. They are required to provide declarations through industrystandard mechanisms.

Our material impacts, risks, and opportunities are covered under the
human rights principles c, f, and g. These policies establish behavioral
norms and procedural requirements that we seek our suppliers to adopt to
manage human-rights risks effectively.
The health, safety, and well-being of workers in the supply chain is
important to ASM, as the conditions in which supply chain personnel work
must be safe and free of unnecessary risk. Our Supplier Code of Conduct
also conveys this to our suppliers through both acceptance of the Supplier
Code of Conduct and contractual language in purchase agreements.

ASM employs recognized due-diligence frameworks – such as the OECD
Due Diligence Guidance on Responsible Business Conduct – to identify and
mitigate human-rights risks related to mineral sourcing. Any noncompliance with these frameworks must be disclosed by suppliers during
reporting.

18.2 Engaging our suppliers
Supply-chain risk assessments and due diligence
ASM systematically assesses supply chain worker risks through
established proxy mechanisms such as the RBA, the Responsible Minerals
Initiative (RMI), and the Responsible Factory Initiative (RFI). As ASM does
not engage directly with supply chain workers, these proxies serve as the
primary basis for assessing related impacts and risks. These organizations
provide insights into worker-related risks within the supply chain and
enable ASM to proactively address potential negative impacts. The
resulting insights allow us to consider inherent sustainability risks
associated with countries, commodities, and sectors across both our Tier 1
and upstream supply chain, and inform our strategy and business model.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

105

About the Responsible Business Alliance
Founded in 2004, RBA is a non-profit of electronics, retail, auto,
and toy companies supporting workers' rights and well-being in
global supply chains. Members (like ASM) commit to upholding
the RBA Code of Conduct and use RBA tools for continuous
improvement in social, environmental, and ethical responsibility.
RBA engages with workers, governments, civil society,
investors, and academia to gather perspectives and drive
progress towards a responsible global electronics supply chain.
RBA and its Initiatives have over 500 members with combined
annual revenues exceeding US$7.7 trillion, employing over 21.5
million people, with products made in 120+ countries. Tier 1
suppliers of the 500 members also implement the RBA Code of
Conduct, creating a structural pass-down of the norms
captured there.

As a member of these organizations, ASM is committed to leveraging their
tools and adhering to best practices to facilitate continuous improvement
across the supply chain in the space of labor practices, health and safety,
ethics, and environmental management.
ASM also integrates third-party evaluations and data insights to identify
vulnerable worker groups that may be at risk of human-rights violations.
This informs our efforts to continuously refine our risk-mitigation
strategies, with a focus on the most at-risk worker populations. Through
collaboration with industry initiatives, such as the RBA and RMI, we work
towards enhancing supplier capabilities, with particular emphasis on
improving compliance with human-rights standards.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Engagement methods and tools
To engage our supply chain effectively, ASM makes use of a variety of
methods to assess and support our suppliers, ensuring they adhere to our
human-rights standards. Methods include:
• Self-assessments and surveys: Suppliers are required to complete
facility-level self-assessments to provide information on their practices,
which helps ASM identify potential areas for improvement and tailor
engagement efforts accordingly.
• Audits: ASM conducts audits through third-party organizations, to
monitor adherence to our Supplier Code of Conduct. Suppliers are
evaluated on high-risk areas as identified through our risk assessments.
• Training and capability building: ASM provides training to suppliers on
human rights, labor standards, and safety. Our training initiatives focus
on increasing supplier understanding and building capacity to meet
ASM's expectations. We also encourage suppliers to leverage RBA
training, both web-based and in-person.
• Collaborative remediation: In instances of non-compliance, ASM seeks
to collaborate with suppliers to develop corrective action plans. This
approach aims to not only rectify specific issues but also build longterm supplier capabilities in meeting our standards.
Groups identified as higher risk for involuntary labor, health & safety
incidents, and/or excessive working hours include:
Vulnerable worker groups
In our direct
supply chains

Miners
Logistics

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Self-employed
Joint venture or special purpose
vehicle

To ensure accountability and a cohesive approach, the Director for Supply
Chain Sustainability oversees the forum, which regularly reports to the
Sustainability Leadership Council. This integrated governance structure
allows ASM to maintain alignment with our corporate objectives and
continuously refine our supplier-engagement strategies to achieve optimal
outcomes.

Key-supplier compliance process

Grievance mechanisms and whistleblower protection

Phase 1
Set, refresh, and
communicate clear
expectations

Phase 4
Corrective
action
and, when
appropriate,
remediation

Phase 2
Map and
prioritize
risks

Phase 3
Assess individual
supplier conformance

In our upstream
supply chain

Our engagement activities focus on the supplier companies, versus
individual workers.

Prioritization of supplier engagement

Home workers
Contract or temporary

X

Union

X

Young

X

Female

X

Foreign or migrant

X

106

Our process for managing Code commitment, supplier self-assessment,
auditing, and corrective action aligns with industry standards. The RBA
Code requires appropriate management systems and risk-mitigation
actions to ensure the well-being of workers at our suppliers, and in their
respective supply chains. We developed a four-step approach through
which we drive our engagement:

X
X

__

ASM’s engagement approach is informed by a structured prioritization
process that identifies which suppliers require the most attention based on
risk assessments. This prioritization is managed through the Supply Chain
Sustainability Management Forum, which comprises executives from
ASM’s global supply chain and sustainability teams. The forum is
responsible for ensuring alignment with ASM’s broader corporate
sustainability goals and for implementing targeted interventions where
they are most needed.

ASM recognizes the importance of providing accessible grievance
mechanisms for workers in our supply chain. Our whistleblower channel is
available to all stakeholders, including supply-chain workers, allowing them
to report any issues confidentially and without fear of retaliation. Details of
this channel are available on our public website. For more information on
our channel, refer to section 19.1 'Corporate culture and ethics'. ASM also
requires suppliers to implement similar whistleblower mechanisms that
ensure confidentiality, anonymity, and protection for employees. The
effectiveness of these mechanisms is assessed through supplier audits,
which often include direct worker interviews to verify accessibility and
reliability. In addition, we expect the utilization of these tools to serve as a
key indicator of trust in such processes. Higher usage rates reflect
increased worker confidence in our ability to address their concerns
effectively and fairly.
In addition to our internal mechanisms, ASM benefits from our participation
in RBA and RMI programs, which also provide anonymous channels for
raising concerns. These multi-channel grievance systems, also listed in our
supplier policies, ensure that supply-chain workers have multiple avenues
to report grievances and contribute to the continuous improvement of
working conditions throughout our value chain.

Tracking effectiveness of our supplier engagement
In 2025, we introduced two new long-term targets to further embed
responsible sourcing practices and reduce supplier-related risks.
By 2030, a least 80% of ASM's most critical direct material supplier sites
are expected to be verified as conformant to our Supplier Code of
Conduct. In addition, at least 80% of 3TG (tin, tungsten, tantalum, and
gold) smelters or refiners in our supply chain should meet recognized
industry standards.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

The development of these targets was informed by ASM's double
materiality assessment and supported by extensive benchmarking of
market practices and industry standards. To ensure relevance and
effectiveness, the process was co-created with input from our operations,
supply chain, and sustainability executives. This cross-functional
involvement reflects our shared commitment to addressing salient risks
and advancing responsible sourcing.
To track advancement against these goals, ASM will continue to monitor
supplier performance. Our systematic approach allows us to identify areas
where improvement is needed, engage suppliers in constructive dialogue,
and focus on remediation where risks are most material.
By maintaining a data-driven approach, we aim to strengthen supplier
practices, mitigate exposure to unsafe working conditions, and contribute
to the continuous improvement of labor standards and sustainability
across our supply chain.

18.3 Taking action
In 2025, ASM implemented comprehensive measures to advance supplychain responsibility, focusing on conducting risk assessments, enhancing
supplier compliance, and building supplier capabilities to align with our
Supplier Code of Conduct and sustainability goals. These initiatives reflect
ASM's commitment to mitigating human-rights risks throughout our supply
chain.

Supplier and assessment
We required our key suppliers to complete the RBA Self-Assessment
Questionnaire (SAQ) for relevant manufacturing sites, providing a thorough
assessment of compliance across our value chain.
In 2025, 87% of the requested suppliers completed the RBA SAQ. Among
the critical and strategic suppliers who completed the SAQ, nine were
classified as high-risk (2024: nine).

Supplier audits and follow-up monitoring
ASM continued its focus on the risk-based sampling of our supply chain
through third-party audits, leveraging the RBA’s Validated Assessment
Program (VAP) to ensure supplier adherence to ASM standards. These
audits aimed to ensure compliance with critical human-rights standards.

Financial statements

Appendix

__

ASM Annual Report 2025

107

Supply chain engagement results
2025

2024

Suppliers that went through an assessment
Total # of surveyed suppliers

109

103

% of requested supplier facilities who completed RBA self-assessment (or equivalent)

87 %

87 %

ASM's most critical direct material supplier sites are verified as conformant to our Supplier Code of Conduct

8%

n/a

Involuntary labor at ASM suppliers
# of supplier sites with reported incidents of involuntary labor*

8

YoY change in p.p. of supplier sites at risk for incidents of involuntary and/or child labor

-5

6
n/a

Health and safety at ASM suppliers
# of supplier sites reporting work related serious injuries and fatalities*

5

YoY change in p.p. of supplier sites at risk for major health and safety incidents

-6

4
n/a

Working hours at ASM suppliers
# of supplier sites with reported incidents of egregious working hours or insufficient days of rest*

5

YoY change in p.p. of supplier sites at risk for incidents of excessive working hours or insufficient days of rest

-3

2
n/a

Supply Chain Worker Voice
# of Supplier/Supplier Worker issues identified and dispositioned through ASM grievance process (captured through ASM’s SpeakUp! channel,
RBA or other)
Total # of Supplier Workers that have been through an RBA on-site audit (or other equivalent social audit)

0
7,904

0
6,893

* pending verification

Supplier capability building
ASM invests in building the capabilities of our suppliers, ensuring they are
equipped to meet our expectations. Through initiatives like the Responsible
Factory Initiative and our supplier-development programs, we provide indepth technical support to improve the sustainability performance of our
suppliers. This includes remote and on-site education sessions, training,
and resources to help suppliers improve their performance, their code of
conduct compliance, and to close out corrective improvements most
effectively.
Our worker safety vision also applies to our suppliers. ASM’s safety and
supply-chain leadership are committed to supporting suppliers in
developing their health and safety programs. For new supplier selection,
we ensure that appropriate safety measures are in place before integrating
them into ASM’s value chain. In addition, where safer chemicals or

materials can be used, we look to incorporate those opportunities into our
product development.
Training initiatives
Throughout 2025 we organized a series of training sessions, with 162
suppliers taking part in our dedicated sustainability training programs.
Additionally, we held three webinars to share best practices in adhering to
codes of conduct and reporting conflict minerals. Apart from training our
suppliers, we also organized several in-person trainings to equip our global
procurement organization and local facilities teams with the skills to
effectively engage suppliers on safety and labor practices.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Responsible Factory Initiative

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

CMRT survey results

Since 2023, our supplier-development program has included the use of the
RBA’s Responsible Factory Initiative. This program focuses on the
development of a supplier’s code of conduct conformance through a multiphased approach: Education-oriented gap assessment, deep training for
key facility personnel, and coaching through the development and
execution of corrective action plans. ASM is also invested in the future
success of this industry program by participating in the RFI’s Advisory
Council.

2025

2024

7

6

Number of supplier attendees that joined ASM’s
sustainability training sessions

162

286

Number of webinars hosted for suppliers in which
sustainability best practices are shared

3

7

% of commodity managers trained on sustainability

89 %

93 %

Responsible minerals sourcing
Each year, we survey our suppliers to identify and map the sources of 3TG
minerals that are used by our critical and strategic suppliers. For the latest
survey cycle, completed in May 2025, 96% of surveyed suppliers
responded with a Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT) or
confirmed there are no instances of 3TG in their products.
As part of our 2030 ESG strategy, ASM has set a target that by 2030, at
least 80% of the smelters and refiners (SORs) in our 3TG supply chain will
be conformant with internationally recognized industry standards. Progress
will be measured annually through CMRT submissions and smelter/refiner
conformance assessments.

108

EMRT survey results
2024

Total # of surveyed suppliers

52

77

Total # of surveyed suppliers

% surveyed who responded

96 %

96 %

% surveyed who responded

84%

% who declared no 3TG

16 %

42 %

% who declared no Cobalt / Mica

38%

17

28

-25

2

# of suppliers with high risk SORs
reported
YoY change in % of suppliers with high
risk SORs (in p.p.)

Top 5 countries of 3TG minerals SORs

Capability-building activities

__

2025

3TG smelters or refiners are meeting
industry standards

In 2025, seven of ASM's suppliers joined the program, to enhance their
sustainability maturity through education programs and targeted
capability-building support.

Number of suppliers participating in the Responsible
Factory Initiative program

Financial statements

2025

# of suppliers with high risk SORs reported
Top 5 countries of Cobalt / Mica SORs

65 %

n/a

China, Japan,
USA, India, Brazil/
Russia (tied)

China, Brazil,
Australia,
Indonesia,
Japan

A review of the most recent supplier CMRT submissions shows that 65% of
suppliers reporting 3TG are meeting ASM standards for quality of the
program. A total of 17 suppliers reported high-risk SORs in 2025, a 39%
decrease compared with 2024. The decrease in surveyed suppliers is due
to improved supply chain scoping and data quality, resulting in fewer
suppliers reporting no 3TG. In parallel, increased supplier engagement,
including corrective action requests and remediation follow-up,
contributed to a reduction in identified high risk SORs. Russian smelters
and refiners continue to represent the majority of remaining high risk SORs
and remain difficult to phase out.
We are actively working with impacted suppliers to further develop their
Conflict Minerals programs and proactive plans to reduce dependence on
high-risk SORs. Smelter and refinery risk is determined based on a
combination of geographic risks (sourcing from conflict-affected and highrisk areas), audit status (conformance), and other identified sourcing risks
(such as credible third-party sources).
This year marked the first time ASM collected Extended Minerals Reporting
Templates (EMRT) submissions. A total of 50 suppliers were invited,
providing us with initial visibility into cobalt and mica sourcing practices.
These results establish a baseline against which ASM will monitor progress
in future reporting cycles.

50

9
China, DRC,
Chile, Indonesia,
India

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

109

19. Business conduct
Sustainability statements

19.1 Corporate culture and ethics
19.2 Ethics, bribery, and corruption

110
111

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

We aspire to the highest standards of business conduct and to
fostering a positive corporate culture. Sound ethical practices
are a key component of our company culture, management, and
behavior.

19.1 Corporate culture and ethics
Our company culture is expressed through our core values – We Care, We
Innovate, We Deliver – as well as our day-to-day behaviors in the
workplace. These behaviors center around a workplace that fosters
Accountability, Collaboration and Empowerment (ACE).
• Accountability is showing up, accomplishing the things you said you
would do and taking personal responsibility for your work.
• Collaboration is working together to complete a project or task or
develop ideas or processes.
• Empowerment is enabling our people to have the authority, resources,
and support to make decisions and take actions that affect their work
and contribute to ASM’s success.
We believe that strong adhesion to our core values and behaviors is key to
fostering our positive corporate culture. All employees are expected to role
model ACE and always act with integrity. We promote open communication
and regularly engage with employees to gather feedback and address their
concerns.
In 2025, we advanced the integration of our ACE behaviors by embedding
them directly into management reviews of individual performance. Building
on last year's practice of encouraging employees to self-reflect on their
behaviors, this step ensures that ACE is now a core part of how we assess
and discuss performance across the organization. Employees are
supported in recognizing how their actions contribute to high-performance
teamwork, innovation, and personal growth.
Throughout the year, our CEO reinforced the importance of ACE during
quarterly town halls, dedicating time to speak about ASM's desired
performance culture and sharing tangible examples of behaviors that
embody it. To further strengthen alignment, various executives were
invited to these sessions to explain expectations and illustrate how ACE is
brought to life in different areas of the business. Performance incentives

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

continue to be designed to reward positive behaviors and motivate
employees to achieve excellence.

to adhere to this code at all times and to speak up if they observe
misconduct.

To further support ASM behaviors, ASM’s management system includes 18
underlying business-conduct policies, including fair competition, gifts,
entertainment and hospitality, corruption and improper advantages, and
anti-fraud. These policies apply to our Management Board, Executive
Committee, employees worldwide, consultants, contractors, temporary
employees, and critical and strategic suppliers.

(Anti-)Bribery and Corruption policy

Our policies – available on our company website – are designed to promote
ethical behavior and integrity in all aspects of our operations. These
include:

Code of Business Conduct policy
The ASM Code of Business Conduct (COBC) incorporates the RBA Code of
Conduct standards framework. Our COBC outlines the principles and
standards that govern our business conduct. It provides clear guidance on
ethical decision-making and reinforces our commitment to legal
compliance, transparency, and accountability. All employees are required

ASM
Culture

__

110

We have a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption. Our policy is
consistent with the UN Convention against Corruption and prohibits any
form of bribery, whether direct or indirect, and applies to all employees,
suppliers, and business partners. ASM periodically conducts audits to
ensure adherence to this policy and uses a suite of measures to prevent
and detect any unlawful behavior.

SpeakUp! procedure (whistleblower protection)
Our publicly available SpeakUp! procedure ensures that all reports are
treated confidentially, and investigated promptly and independently. We
have established secure channels for reporting concerns for internal and
external stakeholders, such as the third-party hosted SpeakUp! channel.
We are committed to always protecting the rights of whistleblowers. Our
way of working is set up in accordance with the EU Directive 2019/1937
that helps ensure proper protection measures are in place.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

19.2 Ethics, bribery, and corruption

Financial statements

Appendix

Managing business conduct risks

Training
The deployment of our business conduct policies comes with training for
all employees, including part-time employees and contractors, in multiple
languages. The training is designed to effectively promote desired
behavior, not just reinforce rules. It also outlines the potential
consequences of violations through our disciplinary policy. To support the
training, we provide various resources, including a dedicated intranet page,
reference materials, and tools for specific areas, such as gifts and
entertainment registration, as well as the SpeakUp! procedure.
We also provide dedicated biennial anti-bribery and corruption training for
those functions considered by nature to have higher exposure to
associated risks. The most recent roll-out took place in 2024 and achieved
a 97% completion rate across the targeted employees. At ASM, this
includes our sales and procurement departments, whose employees
receive online training that explains associated policies and the tools that
help ensure proper conduct.
Management Board and Supervisory Board members are offered periodic
online refresher trainings on fraud, bribery, and corruption to enhance their
understanding of associated risks and responsibilities. Knowledge of
bribery and corruption is also reflected in the Supervisory Board skills
matrix, located in chapter 24, where it is integrated under the category
'Governance and Legal Affairs'.
Code of Business Conduct trainings
% training
completed
in 2025

% training
completed
in 2024

Category

Target
audience

Ethics training refresher
(bi-annual)

All
employees

87 %

92 %

Ethics training

New
employees

90 %

95 %

Our approach to managing anti-bribery and corruption (ABAC) risks aligns
with the company's risk management and internal-control framework,
which is based on the three lines of defense model (further detailed in
chapter 25 of this report). The Executive Committee, entrusted with risk
management and compliance, is supported by operational management
(first line), oversight functions (second line), and Internal Audit (third line)
to effectively identify, mitigate, and monitor ABAC risks.

Speaking up
The SpeakUp! program remains a vital platform for ASM employees and
stakeholders to report business conduct issues confidentially and in their
preferred language. As part of its risk-management responsibility, the
Management Board oversees business conduct at ASM and has
established the Ethics Committee – made up of regional leaders from the
Legal, People, and Sustainability departments – to operationalize the
business conduct program and make sure it is deployed globally. The
Ethics Committee is supported by the Chief HR Officer and General
Counsel, with Internal Audit taking part as an independent observer and
advisor.
The Ethics Committee ensures effective follow-up to concerns raised, the
independence of investigators through ensured separation of the chain of
management involved, increased awareness of our COBC, maintenance
and deployment of investigator training materials, and support in
investigations as needed. Reports of potential violations of our COBC can
be made through the SpeakUp! process, directly to management, the
People team, or the Global Compliance Officer.
To ensure ongoing compliance and effective risk management, ASM
conducts annual ESG desktop audits of its major locations, that also cover
our business ethics program. Where needed, we cover deep-dive
assessments.
In 2025, 29 concerns were reported (2024: 27), an increase of 7% from
2024. This rise in reported cases signals a growing awareness and trust in
the Ethics Committee among our employees, as our utilization rate grew to
0.63 (2024: 0.58). Based on Navex's 2025 Whistleblower & Incident
Management Benchmark report, we consider this a positive development
as we move towards the median range for utilization. Our 2030 target is to
grow utilization to fall in the range of 0.8 and 1.2 cases per 100 employees.

__

ASM Annual Report 2025

111

Of the reported cases, one involved an allegation of discrimination for
which the outcome is still pending. Two cases were confirmed as violations
of our COBC, and nine cases remain under investigation. Our actions in
response to code of conduct violations, including discrimination, can take
different forms, including a verbal warning, a written warning, a poor
performance review or evaluation, a mandatory training, or a termination. In
2025, actions taken in response to confirmed violations included targeted
training and dismissal. None of these cases related to discrimination.
In 2025, there were no convictions and, consequently, no fines for violation
of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws. The confirmed breach of our
policies in the space of corruption and bribery relates to an internal
violation of our gift and entertainment policy. Appropriate disciplinary
action was taken in response.
Updates on investigation outcomes and the status of business-conduct
measures, including those related to anti-bribery and corruption, are
reported quarterly to the Management Board and bi-annually to the
Supervisory Board. These updates cover significant incidents, findings, and
actions taken and – depending on the nature of the situation – are provided
by either the Chief HR Officer or the General Counsel.
2025 breaches of our code of conduct

Type of complaint

Corruption or bribery

2025
confirmed
breaches

2024
confirmed
breaches

1

Discrimination or harassment
Employee behavior & workplace respect

1

7

Customer privacy data
Conflicts of interest
Money laundering or insider trading

1

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

112

20. EU Taxonomy
Overview
The EU Taxonomy (EU 2020/852), along with its several delegated acts,
defines what qualifies as an ‘environmentally sustainable’ economic
activity. Such activities must contribute to one or more of the following six
environmental objectives:
• Climate change mitigation (CCM);
• Climate change adaptation (CCA);
• Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources (WTR);
• Transition to a circular economy (CE);
• Pollution prevention and control (PPC); and
• Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems (BIO).
To prevent double counting, ASM assigns each eligible economic activity
to a single environmental objective. While certain activities may contribute
to multiple objectives, they are reported under the primary objective to
which they contribute most significantly. A materiality threshold consistent
with our financial reporting was applied for the EU Taxonomy assessment,
ensuring that attention is directed to the activities with the highest
environmental impact.
For the reporting year 2025, ASM has elected to continue applying the EU
Taxonomy disclosure requirements set out in Commission Delegated
Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, as in force prior to the amendments introduced
by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) C(2025) 4568 of 4 July 2025, in
accordance with the transitional application provisions of that Regulation.

contribution and do no significant harm were not fully met. Therefore, no
activities are reported as Taxonomy-aligned for the reporting year 2025.
ASM does not have any nuclear energy – or fossil gas-related activities –
and the Complementary Climate Delegated Act of the EU Taxonomy is
therefore not relevant.

Turnover
In line with our financial reporting standards, turnover under the EU
Taxonomy is equal to ‘Revenue’ included in the Consolidated statement of
profit or loss in the IFRS financial statements. ASM identified the revenue
categories associated with these economic activities under the CE
objective:
• CE 1.2 Manufacturing of electrical equipment
• CE 5.1 Repair, refurbishment, and remanufacturing
• CE 5.2 Sale of spare parts
The cornerstone of ASM’s circular approach is the modular design of our
products, enabling lifetime extension, as well as systems to be upgraded
to higher performance levels without the need to replace the entire
product.
ASM does not include revenues from installation and qualification services
as eligible, even though these services are integral to equipment sales.
Additionally, revenues from service offerings that include a mix of spare
and consumable parts are excluded from eligibility.

It was concluded that all eligible capex investments fall under the following
CCM and CE objectives:
• CCM 7.7 Acquisitions and ownership of buildings
• CE 1.2 Manufacturing of electrical equipment
Investments in buildings meet the definition of the CCM 7.7 economic
activity. Specifically, it includes capex on buildings and right-of-use assets,
leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures, as well as buildings and
leaseholds under construction.
ASM’s capex asset classes linked to machinery and equipment can be
directly associated with the activity CE 1.2. This category includes
capitalized R&D costs, expenses on machinery and equipment, tools for
customer evaluation before a purchase, and machines, equipment, and
tools under construction. However, in 2025 investments in demo and IT
equipment were excluded from eligibility as they are not directly
associated with the manufacturing of our machines. As a result, our 2024
capex eligibility rate is revised to 76%, compared to the 91% reported in
the 2024 Annual Report. This improves the assessment in line with the EU
Taxonomy framework and helps ensure consistency and comparability
across the years.

Operational expenditure (opex)

Assessment 2025
Eligible

Not
eligible

Aligned

Turnover

88 %

12 %

0%

Capex

83 %

17 %

0%

Opex

97 %

3%

0%

KPIs (2025)

• Additions in property, plant and equipment (note 3)
• Additions in intangible assets (Note 6)
• Additions to right-of-use assets (Note 2)

ASM completed the alignment assessment of all EU Taxonomy eligible
activities. The relevant technical screening criteria for substantial

The 2025 EU Taxonomy turnover eligibility KPI is 88%, which is similar to
last year’s figures (91% in 2024).

Capital expenditure (capex)
The total capex under the EU Taxonomy consists of investments before
depreciation, amortization, and any remeasurements. Only the following
elements of the capex denominator under the Disclosure Delegated Act
are applicable to ASM:

EU Taxonomy opex KPI covers non-capitalized costs for R&D, building
upgrades, short-term leases, maintenance, and day-to-day asset
servicing. The opex denominator includes the following categories:
• Building maintenance expense
• Cleaning and housekeeping
• Facilities repair expenses
• Machinery maintenance expense
• Non-capitalized R&D expenses

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

The assessment resulted in opex being associated with the following
objectives:
• CCM 7.7 Acquisitions and ownership of buildings
• CE 1.2 Manufacturing of electrical equipment
Building maintenance, cleaning and housekeeping, and facilities repair
expenditures were identified as economic activities eligible under CCM 7.7.
Consistent with the capex approach, non-capitalized R&D expenses are
directly linked to CE 1.2 activity. Given limitations in the data within the
category ‘Machinery maintenance expense’ and the potential overlap
between demo equipment and other maintenance activities, a reliable
distinction cannot be substantiated. Accordingly, the full amount is below
our materiality threshold and therefore excluded from the opex numerator.
As a result, 97% of opex meets the eligibility criteria under the EU
Taxonomy. For consistency across periods, we applied the same approach
to the prior year. The 2024 opex eligibility is revised to 95% compared with
100% reported in the 2024 Annual Report.

Minimum safeguards assessment
In 2025, ASM successfully concluded the Minimum Safeguards (MS)
assessment in accordance with Article 18 of the EU Taxonomy regulation.
ASM follows the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and the UN
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. Adhering to the Platform
on Sustainable Finance recommendations and Corporate Human Rights
Benchmark core indicators, our assessment confirmed compliance to the
Minimum Safeguards criteria.

Looking forward
In 2026, ASM is preparing for the next phase of EU Taxonomy reporting,
taking into account any evolving regulatory developments. ASM remains
committed to enhancing its sustainability practices and ensuring
transparency in reporting.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

113

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

114

Turnover

Climate Change
Adaptation (12)

Water (13)

Pollution (14)

Circular Economy
(15)

Biodiversity (16)

Minimum
Safeguards

Proportion of
Taxonomy-aligned
(A.1) or eligible
(A.2) Turnover, year
N-1 (18)

Category enabling
activity (19)

Category
transitional activity
(20)

Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL

Climate Change
Mitigation (11)

Biodiversity (10)

DNSH criteria

Circular Economy
(9)

Pollution (8)

Water (7)

%

Climate Change
Adaptation (6)

mEUR

Climate Change
Mitigation (5)

Proportion of
Turnover, year N
(4)

Substantial Contribution Criteria

Turnover (3)

Economic Activities (1)

2025

Code (2)

Financial year N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

%

E

T

A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
n/a
Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)

0

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

of which Enabling

0

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

of which Transitional

0

0%

0%

E
T

A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
EL; N/EL

EL; N/EL

EL; N/EL

EL; N/EL

EL; N/EL

Manufacturing of electrical equipment

CE 1.2

2,397

76 % N/EL

EL; N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

EL

N/EL

77 %

Repair, refurbishment and remanufacturing

CE 5.1

73

2 % N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

EL

N/EL

2%

Sale of spare parts

CE 5.2

314

10 % N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

EL

N/EL

12 %

Turnover of Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally
sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)

2,784

88 %

0%

0%

0%

0%

88 %

0%

91 %

A. Turnover of Taxonomy-eligible activities (A.1+A.2)

2,784

88 %

0%

0%

0%

0%

88 %

0%

91 %

Turnover of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities

389

12 %

Total

3,173

100.0 %

B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

115

Capex

Climate Change
Adaptation (12)

Water (13)

Pollution (14)

Circular Economy
(15)

Biodiversity (16)

Minimum
Safeguards

Proportion of
Taxonomy-aligned
(A.1) or eligible
(A.2) Capex, year
N-1 (18)

Category enabling
activity (19)

Category
transitional activity
(20)

Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL

Climate Change
Mitigation (11)

Biodiversity (10)

DNSH criteria

Circular Economy
(9)

Pollution (8)

Water (7)

%

Climate Change
Adaptation (6)

mEUR

Climate Change
Mitigation (5)

Proportion of
Capex, year N (4)

Substantial Contribution Criteria

Capex (3)

Economic Activities (1)

2025

Code (2)

Financial year N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

%

E

T

A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
n/a
Capex of environmentally sustainable activities
(Taxonomy-aligned)

0

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

of which Enabling

0

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

of which Transitional

0

0%

0%

E
T

A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
EL; N/EL

EL; N/EL

EL; N/EL

EL; N/EL

EL; N/EL

Acquisition and ownership of buildings

CCM 7.7

213

44 % EL

EL; N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

18 %

Manufacturing of electrical equipment

CE 1.2

186

39 % N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

EL

N/EL

58 %

Capex of Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable
activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)

399

83 %

44 %

0%

0%

0%

39 %

0%

76 %

A. Capex of Taxonomy-eligible activities (A.1+A.2)

399

83 %

44 %

0%

0%

0%

39 %

0%

76 %

Capex of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities

82

17 %

Total

480

100 %

B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

116

Opex

Climate Change
Adaptation (12)

Water (13)

Pollution (14)

Circular Economy
(15)

Biodiversity (16)

Minimum
Safeguards

Proportion of
Taxonomy-aligned
(A.1) or eligible
(A.2) Opex, year
N-1 (18)

Category enabling
activity (19)

Category
transitional activity
(20)

Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL Y; N; N/EL

Climate Change
Mitigation (11)

Biodiversity (10)

DNSH criteria

Circular Economy
(9)

Pollution (8)

Water (7)

%

Climate Change
Adaptation (6)

mEUR

Climate Change
Mitigation (5)

Proportion of Opex,
year N (4)

Substantial Contribution Criteria

Opex (3)

Economic Activities (1)

2025

Code (2)

Financial year N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

%

E

T

A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)

Opex of environmentally sustainable activities
(Taxonomy-aligned)

0

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

of which Enabling

0

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

of which Transitional

0

0%

0%

A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
EL; N/EL

EL; N/EL

EL; N/EL

EL; N/EL

EL; N/EL

Acquisition and ownership of buildings

CCM 7.7

7

2.3 % EL

EL; N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

2%

Manufacturing of electrical equipment

CE 1.2

307

94.2 % N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

N/EL

EL

N/EL

93 %

Opex of Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable
activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)

314

97 %

2.3 %

0%

0%

0%

94.2 %

0%

95 %

A. Opex of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2)

314

97 %

2.3 %

0%

0%

0%

94.2 %

0%

95 %

11

3%

326

100 %

B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
Opex of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities
Total

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

117

Leadership and
governance
21. Corporate governance

118

22. Executive Committee biographies

126

23. Supervisory Board biographies

127

24. Supervisory Board report

128

25. Risk management

137

26. Remuneration report

142

27. External auditor

156

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

118

21. Corporate governance
ASM aspires to high standards of corporate governance and
ethics practices. Sound corporate governance is a key
component of our culture, behavior, and management, and this
is consistent with our core values: We Care, We Innovate, We
Deliver. Our corporate governance is supported by a strong
focus on integrity, transparency, and clear and timely
communication. This aims to support our business and meet the
needs of our stakeholders.

21.1 Corporate governance framework
The corporate governance framework describes how we embed ASM's
strategy, mission, vision, and objectives across our organization. Our Code
of Business Conduct (COBC) sets clear standards in different areas of
business life. Its purpose is to provide a clear, strong, and consistent
culture of ethics that applies to all at ASM.
ASM’s policies and regulatory framework guide how we work. Key
components are our financial, ESG, IT, product safety, environment, health
and safety (EHS), compliance, and business-continuity frameworks. These
are supported by transparency and accountability through our business
review cycles, our internal control framework, and our performance
management cycle.
Our risk management approach enables us to identify and manage the
strategic, operational, financial, sustainability (including climate), and
compliance risks to which ASM is exposed. It also helps us develop even
more effective and efficient operations. It promotes reliable financial and
non-financial reporting and compliance with laws and regulations,
increasing transparency and accountability.

Corporate governance-related documents are available on our website,
including:
• The Articles of Association
• Supervisory Board Profile and skills matrix
• Supervisory Board Rules
• Management Board Rules
• Executive Committee Rules
• Audit Committee Charter
• Nomination, Selection and Remuneration Committee Charter
• Technology Committee Charter
• Remuneration policy for the Management Board
• Remuneration policy for the Supervisory Board
• Code of Business Conduct (COBC)
• SpeakUp! procedure (Whistleblower policy)
• Policy Communications and bilateral contacts with shareholders
• Stakeholder dialogue policy
• Policy regarding Inclusion, Diversity & Belonging
• Policy on prevention of fraud
• Rules concerning insider trading
We continue to review and update our policies and procedures to comply
with the applicable Dutch corporate governance requirements – including
the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, and other relevant laws and
regulations. The landscape is dynamic and evolving, with frequent updates
and new legislation, including in the field of corporate social responsibility
and sustainability. ASM continues to monitor applicable laws, regulations,
and rules, and will be revising and enhancing its constitutional documents
and policies with a view to ensure compliance with these.

The Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the Code)
The Code was last updated on March 20, 2025. As of the reporting year
2025, Dutch-listed companies are required to report on compliance with
this.

The full text of the Code can be found on the website of the Monitoring
Commission Corporate Governance Code.
ASM applies the relevant principles and best practice provisions of the
Code applicable to the company, the Management Board, the Executive
Committee and to the Supervisory Board, in the manner set out in the
Annual Report, and other than as set out below:
• The Supervisory Board has delegated the contacts with the internal
auditor to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee, comprising five
of the seven Supervisory Board members, has the most financial
expertise and is best equipped to engage with the internal auditor.
However, the internal auditor may always contact the Chair of the
Supervisory Board directly in case there are any matters to escalate,
which is also stated in the Audit Committee Charter. The internal audit
plan, the remuneration of the internal auditor, and the appointment or
dismissal of the internal auditor require approval from the Supervisory
Board. Moreover, the Audit Committee shares full minutes of all its
meetings with the Supervisory Board, so that the Supervisory Board
remains informed of all items discussed. Moreover, pursuant to best
practice provision 1.3.5, the internal auditor should report hierarchically
to a member of the Management Board, preferably to the CEO. The
internal auditor reports to the CFO (rather than the CEO), reflecting
ASM's view that the CFO is best positioned to fulfill this responsibility.
• For the same reasons as included in the previous bullet, the Audit
Committee, rather than the Supervisory Board, has maintained the
contact with the external auditor, and EY Accountants B.V. has attended
the Audit Committee meetings (and KPMG Accountants N.V. attended
the first Audit Committee meeting). This means that ASM deviates from
best-practice provisions 1.6.2 (it is the Audit Committee instead of the
Supervisory Board that gives the external auditor a general idea of the
content of the reports relating to its functioning).
• Best practice provision 2.2.7 requires the Management Board to, at
least once annually, evaluate its own functioning as a whole and that of
the individual Management Board members. No such formal evaluation
took place in 2025, given that it only has two members. However, there

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

was very frequent interaction between the two members and they gave
each other feedback where feasible during the year informally.
• Rather than having an ID&B policy adopted by the Supervisory Board for
the Supervisory Board and the Management Board and a separate ID&B
policy for the whole organization adopted by the Management Board,
for efficiency reasons ASM has one ID&B policy combining both,
approved and adopted by the Management Board and Supervisory
Board.
Corporate governance framework

Risk &
performance
management

Transparency
& accountability

Monitoring
& internal
control

Policies &
regulatory
framework

Corporate
bodies*

Values &
ethics

* Management Board, Executive Committee, and Supervisory Board and its committees

21.2 Company structure
ASM International N.V. (with trade register number 30037466) is a limited
liability company established under Dutch law and is listed on Euronext
Amsterdam. It is a holding company and the parent company of the ASM
group of companies. The group's headquarters are located in Almere, the
Netherlands, at the Versterkerstraat 8, 1322 AP.

Financial statements

Appendix

The company follows a two-tier governance structure, consisting of a
Management Board with two executive directors and an independent
Supervisory Board of seven members (non-executive directors) with no
employee representative. The company also has an Executive Committee.
We conduct our business through wholly owned subsidiaries, including
ASM Front-End Manufacturing Singapore Pte Ltd in Singapore, ASM
Europe B.V. in the Netherlands, LPE in Italy, ASM America Inc. in the United
States, ASM Japan KK in Japan, and ASM Korea Ltd. in South Korea. The
location of our facilities allows us to interact closely with customers in the
world’s major geographical market segments: Europe, the United States,
and Asia.

21.3 Management Board and Executive Committee
The Management Board is responsible for the day-to-day management of
the company. The duties of the Management Board are stipulated by law
and regulations, the company's Articles of Association, and the Code.
It manages and is responsible for defining and executing the strategy,
including sustainable long-term value creation and managing the risks
associated therewith. For more information on its responsibilities, see the
section 'Responsibility and accountability of the Management Board'
below.
When executing its tasks, the Management Board takes into account the
interests of ASM's stakeholders. The Management Board has its own Rules
of the Management Board as published on our website. ASM’s
Management Board has divided the roles in line with the Articles of
Association and approval from the Supervisory Board. The Management
Board meets regularly to discuss, evaluate, and review the company's
performance. The Management Board held various meetings throughout
2025, some of which were combined with Executive Committee meetings.
For certain matters, such as amending the Articles of Association and the
issuance and repurchase of shares, the Management Board requires
approval from the Supervisory Board, the General Meeting, or both, in each
case as set out in Dutch law, the company's Articles of Association, and
the Rules of the Management Board.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

119

Appointment of Management Board members
The General Meeting appoints a Management Board member based on a
binding nomination drawn up by the Supervisory Board. The decision to
nominate a member to the Management Board follows from the
recommendation by the Nomination, Selection and Remuneration (NSR)
Committee. When considering candidates for the Management Board, the
NSR takes into account the company's policy regarding Inclusion, Diversity
& Belonging (ID&B) and the Rules of the Management Board. The Dutch
Civil Code and the Code require ASM to set up an appropriate and
ambitious diversity target for the Management Board. The Supervisory
Board strives for a representation of at least 33% of any gender. Pursuant
to the ID&B policy, in case of a vacancy, the Supervisory Board must
create a profile based on the required educational and professional
background and consider ASM’s diversity ambitions. While final selection is
merit-based, the aim is to create shortlists that are diverse in age, gender,
nationality, national origin, and background.
The General Meeting may set aside a binding nomination by a resolution
taken with an absolute majority of the votes cast, representing at least one
third of the share capital. If such a binding nomination is set aside, a new
binding nomination will be drawn up by the Supervisory Board and
submitted to a newly called General Meeting. If such a binding nomination
is also set aside, the General Meeting is free to appoint a Management
Board member, but only with an absolute majority of the votes cast
representing at least one third of our issued share capital.
Members of the Management Board are appointed for a maximum term of
four years, expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting held at the
end of the term for which the member of the Management Board is
appointed. Members of the Management Board may be reappointed.
All members of the Management Board have entered into a management
services agreement (MSA) for the term of their assignment. The MSA also
contains specific provisions with respect to severance payments in the
event of termination in line with the Code. Reference is made to the
Remuneration report (see chapter 26 of this Annual Report).

Suspension or dismissal of Management Board members
The Supervisory Board may suspend a Management Board member at any
time. In addition, a Management Board member may, in accordance with a
proposal by the Supervisory Board, be dismissed by the General Meeting

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

through a majority vote representing at least one third of the issued
capital. A resolution to suspend or dismiss a member of the Management
Board, other than in accordance with a proposal of the Supervisory Board,
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at a meeting.
These votes must represent at least one third of the issued capital.

Executive Committee
Appointment of other Executive Committee members
The Executive Committee comprises the Management Board members, as
well as other senior executives. These senior executives are appointed by
the Management Board following consultation with the Supervisory Board
and further to the Rules of the Executive Committee and ASM’s ID&B
policy. The same applies with respect to the Executive Committee's size
and composition.
The Dutch Civil Code and the Code also require ASM to set up an
appropriate and ambitious target for the Sub-board. At ASM, this
comprises a group that also includes the members of the Executive
Committee who are not members of the Management Board (for more
information, see chapter 17). ASM strives to include candidates of any
gender on shortlists for all Executive Committee (and other Sub-board)
positions, whether managed by our in-house Talent Acquisition team or
executive search firms.

Suspension or dismissal of Executive Committee members
The Management Board may suspend or dismiss a member of the
Executive Committee subject to consultation with the Supervisory Board.

Tasks and responsibilities of the Executive Committee
The Executive Committee's responsibilities are divided based on business
and functional areas, each of which will be reviewed regularly. The current
business and functional areas are: sales, global operations and supply
chain, products, and people. The Executive Committee has its own Rules
of the Executive Committee as published on our website.
The Executive Committee shall assist the Management Board in managing
the company, in particular with the day-to-day management, including
driving the strategic agenda, and in respect of compliance, leadership,
culture, and sustainability.

Financial statements

Appendix

The Management Board may delegate one or more specific tasks and
duties to one or more Executive Committee members. The Executive
Committee shall be guided by the interests of the company and its
stakeholders in executing its tasks, taking the interests of all stakeholders
into account. The Executive Committee members are accountable and
report to the Management Board.
The Executive Committee is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
and meets on a regular basis. In 2025, the Executive Committee met
several times, typically in hybrid format to balance sustainability and cost
considerations, with one in-person session held over multiple days.
Meetings of the Executive Committee may be combined with Management
Board meetings if so decided. The Management Board shall regularly, and
at least once a year, review and assess the effectiveness of the Executive
Committee's governance structure.
In 2025, the Executive Committee discussed a range of topics, including
market developments and the global business outlook, growth
opportunities, strategic projects, global operations and supply chain
strategy, talent pipeline and leadership development, as well as
executional excellence, organizational priorities, and ASM’s culture –
supported by the ID&B strategy and aligned with our core values.
ASM focuses on developing a workplace that fosters Accountability,
Collaboration and Empowerment (ACE), which the Management Board
believes contributes to sustainable long-term value creation. For more
information, see chapter 17. Sustainability was also a recurring topic,
including the effect ASM’s products, services, and activities have had on
people and the environment, stakeholder management, and sustainability
objectives. For more information, see chapter 15.

Responsibility and accountability of the Management Board
Regardless of the activities of the Executive Committee and its role, the
Management Board remains collectively responsible and accountable for the
management of ASM. Its members are collectively and individually
accountable to the Supervisory Board and the General Meeting for
executing its responsibilities. The Management Board and the Executive
Committee are responsible for providing the Supervisory Board with all the
information it needs to fulfil its obligations and exercise its powers, and the
General Meeting with all the information it needs to exercise its powers in a
timely fashion.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

120

The Management Board is also responsible for the quality and
completeness of financial, sustainability, and other (non-financial) reports
that are publicly disclosed by or on behalf of the company, including all
reports and documents the company is required to file. In addition to the
duties of the Management Board stipulated by law and regulations and our
Articles of Association, the Management Board has the following
responsibilities:
• Achieving the aims, strategy for sustainable long-term value creation,
policy, and results of ASM;
• Management of the operational, organizational, and financial objectives;
• The monitoring and assessment of the risk management framework;
• The structure, operation, and effectiveness of the internal risk
management and control systems. For more, see chapter 25;
• The identification and analysis of the risks associated with the strategy
and activities of ASM, including the strategic, operational, compliance,
cyber security and reporting risks. For more, see chapter 25;
• Adoption of values that contribute to a culture focused on sustainable
long-term value creation;
• Ensuring proper financing of ASM;
• Establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that
make sure all major financial information is known to the Management
Board so that the external financial reporting is achieved in a timely,
complete, and accurate manner; and
• Determining relevant aspects and achieving aims relating to ESG and
sustainability and reporting thereon in accordance with applicable laws
and regulations.

21.4 Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board supervises and advises the Management Board and
Executive Committee in the execution of their tasks and responsibilities.
The members of the Supervisory Board are guided by the interests of the
company and its affiliates, through which the interests of stakeholders are
taken into account.

Independence of the Supervisory Board
Under Dutch law, the Supervisory Board is a separate body independent of
the Management Board, which constitutes a so-called two-tier structure.
The members of the Supervisory Board assess their independence on an
annual basis as set out in the Code, and confirm this in writing. The Code

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

requires ASM to publish transactions in which there is a conflict of interest
with any Management Board member or Supervisory Board member that is
of material significance to the company and/or the relevant Management
Board member or Supervisory Board member. No such transactions
occurred during the financial year 2025.

Tasks and responsibilities of the Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board supervises and advises the Management Board and
Executive Committee in executing their responsibilities, in particular
regarding:
• The achievement of the company’s objectives;
• The corporate strategy and the strategic, financial, reporting,
compliance, cybersecurity and operational risks inherent in the business
activities;
• The structure, operation and effectiveness of the internal risk
management and control systems;
• The financial reporting process;
• The non-financial and sustainability reporting process;
• The compliance with legislation and regulations;
• The relation of the company to its shareholders; and
• The relevant aspects of ESG and sustainability-related matters.
Apart from supervising and advising, the Supervisory Board must also
approve important decisions by the Management Board. Such approvals
include, but are not limited to, those with respect to: defining objectives of
the company’s strategy, issuance and repurchasing of ASM shares, a
proposal to the General Meeting to amend the Articles of Association,
important acquisitions and mergers, and dividend payments. The
Management Board, and where needed and so decided the Executive
Committee, provide all the information needed to be able to make these
decisions. This allows the Supervisory Board to carry out its duties
properly.
In addition to its supervisory and advisory role, the Supervisory Board
determines the individual remuneration of the Management Board
members, in line with the Remuneration policy for the Management Board
approved by the General Meeting and based on recommendations from
the Nomination, Selection and Remuneration (NSR) Committee.

Financial statements

Appendix

Appointment and dismissal of Supervisory Board members
The members of the Supervisory Board are appointed by the General
Meeting following a binding nomination drawn up by the Supervisory
Board. The General Meeting may overrule the binding nature of a binding
nomination at a General Meeting by an absolute majority of the votes cast,
representing at least one third of the issued share capital. In that event,
the Supervisory Board may draw up a new binding nomination to be
submitted to a subsequent General Meeting. Should such a second
nomination also be deprived of its binding character, then the General
Meeting shall be free to appoint a member, provided that such a resolution
shall require an absolute majority of the votes cast, representing at least
one third of the company’s issued capital. In the event the second binding
nomination is overruled without the required proportion of the capital
represented – but an absolute majority of the votes cast was in favor of
overruling the binding nomination – then a new General Meeting shall be
convened, at which the resolution may be passed by an absolute majority
of the votes cast.
Each Supervisory Board appointment is for a maximum of four years,
concluding at the General Meeting at the end of the term. Reappointment
decisions take into account the member's performance over the preceding
term.
A Supervisory Board member who is available for reappointment must be
interviewed by the Chair of the Supervisory Board and the Chair of the
NSR Committee. The Chair of the NSR Committee must be interviewed by
the Chair of the Supervisory Board. Following a first term, a member may
be reappointed for a subsequent term of four years. Subsequently, a
member who has served eight years on the Supervisory Board may be
appointed for another two-year period, followed by another period of two
years. However, the Supervisory Board must provide the reasons for such
reappointments after eight years. See the rotation schedule of the
Supervisory Board members in Chapter 24 'Supervisory Board report'.
A member of the Supervisory Board may at any time be suspended or
dismissed by the General Meeting. A resolution to suspend or dismiss a
Supervisory Board member, other than in accordance with a proposal of
the Supervisory Board, shall require an absolute majority of the votes cast,
representing at least one third of ASM’s issued capital. If the required
proportion of the capital is not represented, but an absolute majority of
votes cast supports a resolution to suspend or dismiss a Supervisory Board

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

121

member, a new meeting shall be convened. At this meeting, the resolution
may be passed by an absolute majority of votes cast, regardless of the
proportion of capital present.
All members of the Supervisory Board follow an induction program after
their first appointment, in which financial, legal, financial reporting, and
specific features, including technological, are taken into consideration.

Supervisory Board composition
In accordance with Dutch law and the Code, the Supervisory Board has
drawn up a profile for its own composition and a skills matrix, which lists
the skills of each member. This Supervisory Board Profile and the skills
matrix are available on our website.
Any appointment or reappointment to the Supervisory Board shall be
based on the candidate’s match with the Supervisory Board Profile and
skills matrix. In selecting future members, the Supervisory Board seeks
candidates that support the realization of the criteria mentioned therein,
and ensures compliance with the diversity requirements of the Dutch Civil
Code, which prescribes that at least one-third of the members must be
female and at least one-third male.
The Dutch Civil Code and the Code require ASM to set up an appropriate
and ambitious diversity target for the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory
Board strives for a representation of at least 33% of any gender. Pursuant
to the ID&B policy, in case of a vacancy, the Supervisory Board must
create a profile based on the required educational and professional
background (taking into account the skills of the existing members as set
out in the skills matrix) and consider ASM’s diversity ambitions. While final
selection is merit-based, the Supervisory Board aims to create shortlists
diverse in age, gender, nationality, national origin, and background.
The Rules of the Supervisory Board are available on our website. The
Supervisory Board determines its required size, and members are
expected to operate independently of one other. The Supervisory Board as
a whole must have experience in managing an international, publicly listed
company, and have sufficient time available to fulfill its responsibilities. The
Supervisory Board members appoint a Chair from among themselves.
The Supervisory Board currently consists of seven members.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

21.5 Supervisory Board committees
To more efficiently fulfill its role, and in compliance with the Code, the
Supervisory Board currently has three committees: the Audit Committee, the
NSR Committee, and the Technology Committee. The Supervisory Board
may expand the number of committees as it deems appropriate in the
discharge of its duties. The committees assist the Supervisory Board in
performing its duties. See below for the tasks of each committee and see
Chapter 24 'Supervisory Board report' for more information on the activities
of each committee during 2025.

Audit Committee
The Audit Committee assists the Supervisory Board in its responsibility to
oversee, among others, ASM’s financing, financial statements, financialreporting process, non-financial and sustainability reporting, and system of
internal business controls, risk management, and internal audit function.
The Audit Committee also advises the Supervisory Board on the
nomination of the external auditor of the company.
The Audit Committee consists of:
• Tania Micki (Chair)
• Martin van den Brink
• Marc de Jong
• Pauline van der Meer Mohr
• Stefanie Kahle-Galonske
The Audit Committee supervises the activities of the Management Board
and fulfills its supervisory responsibilities with respect to:
• Financing of the company;
• How sustainability commitments impact ASM’s financial statements;
• Integrity and quality of ASM’s financial statements;
• Release of financial information;
• Accounting and financial-reporting processes and the audits of the
financial statements;
• Release of sustainability reporting;
• Effectiveness and operation of the internal risk management and control
systems, including supervision of compliance with the relevant
legislation and regulations, and oversight of the operation of codes of
conduct;

Financial statements

Appendix

• The internal and external audit function regarding the financial reporting
and where applicable the sustainability reporting, including its electronic
reporting process;
• The annual internal audit plan and observations and functioning of the
internal auditor;
• Compliance with recommendations and observations of internal and
external auditors; and
• Relations with the external auditor and any other party involved in
auditing the sustainability reporting, including, in particular, its
qualifications, performance, independence, remuneration, and any nonaudit services performed for the company.
The Audit Committee meets periodically to:
• Consider the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal risk
management and control procedures and framework, the internal audit
system, and the risk management system in respect of ASM's financial
reporting;
• Monitor ASM's enterprise risk management system, including strategic,
financial, reporting, operational, compliance and cybersecurity risks;
• Review the operating results with management and the external auditor;
• Review the scope and results of the audit with the external auditor;
• Review the scope and results of internal audits with Internal Audit;
• Review performance evaluations relating to the auditor’s independence;
• Review performance and services of the external auditor; and
• Review adequateness of the financing structure and tax structure of the
company.
The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Vice President Internal
Audit & Risk Management, Corporate Director Group Control, and
representatives of the external auditor are invited to, and also attend, the
Audit Committee meetings.
Ms. Micki, Chair of the Audit Committee, and Ms. Kahle-Galonske are the
financial experts, considering their extensive financial background and
experience. The Charter of the Audit Committee is available on our
website.

Nomination, Selection and Remuneration (NSR) Committee
The NSR Committee advises the Supervisory Board on matters relating to
the selection and nomination of the members of the Management Board
and Supervisory Board. Also, the Management Board consults the NSR

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

122

Committee on the appointment and dismissal of members of the Executive
Committee and discusses the remuneration of the Executive Committee
with the NSR Committee. In addition, the NSR Committee is entrusted by
the Supervisory Board to prepare and review the onboarding of new
Management Board and Supervisory Board members, training of the
Supervisory Board, and culture, inclusion and diversity matters within ASM.
The NSR Committee is responsible for designing, monitoring, and
evaluating the Remuneration policy for both the Management Board and
the Supervisory Board. It is also responsible for preparing the selfevaluation of the Supervisory Board and its committees, as well as the
performance evaluation of the Management Board members.
The NSR Committee consists of:

• Didier Lamouche (Chair)
• Pauline van der Meer Mohr
• Adalio Sanchez
• Stefanie Kahle-Galonske
• Tania Micki
The NSR Committee ensures a competitive remuneration structure by
benchmarking against other multinational companies of similar size and
complexity operating in comparable geographical and industrial markets. It
evaluates the achievement of performance criteria for each Management
Board member and, following the evaluation, recommends the appropriate
remuneration level to the Supervisory Board.
Each year, the NSR Committee reports to the Supervisory Board on the
application of the Remuneration policies in the previous year, and
recommends the Remuneration policies and Remuneration report for the
years ahead.
The CEO and the Chief HR Officer are invited to and attend the NSR
Committee meetings, except when the committee meets with only its
members. It is noted that the CEO, in principle, does not take part in
meetings relating to his own remuneration.
The Charter of the NSR Committee is available on our website.

Technology Committee
The Technology Committee assists the Supervisory Board in its
responsibility to oversee, among others, the technology aspects of ASM’s

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

business strategy, i.e. technology trends and investments required,
technical resources and operational performance in R&D, and material
technology investments brought forward by the Management Board. The
CEO and the Corporate Vice President, Technology Innovation & Market
Research Organization are invited to, and also attend, the Technology
Committee meetings.
The Technology Committee consists of:
• Martin van den Brink (Chair)
• Didier Lamouche
• Adalio Sanchez
• Marc de Jong
While the Supervisory Board as a whole is ultimately accountable –
including for all decisions taken by the Technology Committee – the
Technology Committee is responsible for advising the Supervisory Board
on the following matters and proposed resolutions:
• Reviewing the technology plans required to execute ASM’s business
strategy;
• Making recommendations to the Supervisory Board on products and the
technology strategy brought by the Management Board to the
Supervisory Board;
• Periodically overseeing the intellectual property portfolio and risk profile;
• Reviewing the technology-related aspects of investments brought to
the Supervisory Board (which may include, but not be limited to,
acquisitions); and
• Performing any other activities related to technology as the Supervisory
Board shall specifically delegate to it from time to time.
The Charter of the Technology Committee is available on our website.

21.6 Inclusion, diversity and belonging
The Supervisory Board values diversity among its own members, as well as
those of the Management Board and the Executive Committee, in line with
ASM's Inclusion, Diversity & Belonging (ID&B) policy. As set out above, in the
event of a vacancy in the Supervisory Board or Management Board, the
Supervisory Board prepares a profile based on the required educational and
professional background. While final selection is merit-based, the
Supervisory Board aims to create shortlists that reflect diversity in age,
gender, nationality, national origin, and background.

Financial statements

Appendix

Pursuant to the Dutch Civil Code:
• For Dutch companies listed on Euronext Amsterdam, a quota of at least
one-third for both women and men on their supervisory boards apply. If
a new appointment does not contribute to the gender balance, such an
appointment will in principle be declared invalid (null and void) if the
company has not yet met the one-third quota.
• All large companies that meet the criteria set out in the Dutch Civil Code
will need to set appropriate and ambitious gender-balance targets for
the management board, supervisory board and other senior
management. What the latter category consists of is up to the company
to determine. Moreover, these large companies will need to have an
action plan to achieve such targets. In addition, they will need to report
annually to the Dutch Social Economic Council on the total number of
men and women on the supervisory board, management board, and
other senior management, the annual targets, and the aforementioned
action plan.
Under the Code, companies are required to implement a broader diversity
and inclusion policy. The policy should, in any case, set specific,
appropriate, and ambitious targets to achieve a good balance in gender
diversity and other company-relevant diversity and inclusion aspects with
regard to the composition of the Management Board, the Supervisory
Board, the Executive Committee and a category of employees in
management positions ('senior management') to be determined by the
Management Board.
ASM has defined the 'senior management' as referred to above as any
person holding the position of 'Director' and up, but excluding the
Management Board. In April 2025, ASM published its updated Inclusion,
Diversity & Belonging (ID&B) policy, including the aforementioned targets.
For more information, see Section 17.2 (including on the action plan).

2025 gender-diversity numbers
The Supervisory Board has discussed diversity with the Management
Board, including gender diversity. For more information on the targets
adopted for the male and female composition of the Supervisory Board,
Management Board, Executive Committee, and senior management for
2025 and 2030, as well as the actual numbers and the percentages and
the plans to meet these targets, see section 17.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

123

Based on the current composition of our Supervisory Board, we have met
our target of 33% of the seats being held by either gender, with female
representation currently at 42.9%. Our Management Board currently
stands at 100% male participation, against the same target of 33% of the
seats being held by either gender at the same time. We have achieved
diversity in background, with Management Board members bringing varied
cultural and ethnic backgrounds, knowledge, skill sets, education, work
backgrounds, and national origins, to name a few. The CFO was
reappointed in May 2025 for a two-year term and in December 2025, the
Supervisory Board announced the nomination of the CEO for
reappointment to be resolved upon by the Annual General Meeting in May
2026. No other candidates were considered as these constituted
reappointments. For any vacancy, the Supervisory Board will draw up a
profile and take into account the ID&B policy as set out above, with final
selection based on merit.
The Executive Committee currently consists of one female member and
seven male members. When the Executive Committee was established in
February 2022, it represented a formalization of the status quo, rather than
the selection of new senior executives. Consequently, no specific diversity
target was set for the Executive Committee at the time. In 2024, two new
Executive Committee members were appointed from internal candidates,
both already holding the most senior positions in their respective areas of
expertise. In 2025, two members resigned, and two new members were
appointed to the Executive Committee and a new member was added in
January 2026. Although the executive search firms were instructed to
include female candidates on the shortlist in line with the ID&B policy, the
selection process was merit-based, and the final candidates were male.

21.7 General Meeting
ASM’s shareholders exercise their rights through Annual and Extraordinary
General Meetings. ASM is required to convene an Annual General Meeting
in the Netherlands each year, no later than six months after the end of the
company’s financial year, ending for ASM on December 31 of each year.
This allows the shareholders to discuss the financial statements,
management report, and any topics related to applicable laws and
regulations. The Supervisory Board or Management Board may convene
additional Extraordinary General Meetings at any time. The convocation
date is legally set at 42 days prior to the date of the General Meeting.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

The voting results are generally published on the ASM website within one
week following the relevant Annual or Extraordinary General Meeting. The
draft minutes of the meeting are published on the same site within three
months following the meeting. In the event that no comments are received,
the minutes are signed by the Chair of the Supervisory Board and the
secretary of the meeting, and made final.

Financial statements

Appendix

loans and government loans, without the dilutive effects of issuing
additional common shares.
The record date is legally set at 28 days prior to the date of a General
Meeting. Those who are registered as shareholders at the record date are
entitled to attend the meeting and exercise voting rights. Shareholders
may be represented by written proxy.

Powers
The powers of the General Meeting are defined by Dutch law, the Code,
and our Articles of Association. The main powers of the General Meeting
are to:
• Appoint, suspend, and dismiss members of the Management Board and
Supervisory Board;
• Approve the financial statements; declare dividends; adopt the
Remuneration policy of the Management Board and Supervisory Board;
• Discharge the Management Board and Supervisory Board from
responsibility for the performance of their respective duties for the
previous financial year;
• Appoint the external auditor;
• Approve amendments to the Articles of Association after a proposal of
the Management Board and the Supervisory Board (a copy of the
proposed amendment will be available for inspection by every
shareholder at the office of ASM free of charge);
• Authorize the Management Board to issue shares and grant
subscriptions for shares;
• Authorize the Management Board to withdraw preemptive rights of
shareholders upon issuance of shares; and
• Authorize the Management Board to repurchase or cancel outstanding
shares.

Voting rights
At the General Meeting, each ordinary share with a nominal value of €0.04
entitles the holder to cast one vote, each financing preferred share with a
nominal value of €40 entitles the holder to cast 1,000 votes, and each
preferred share with a nominal value of €40 entitles the holder to cast 1,000
votes. Pursuant to Dutch law, no votes may be cast at a General Meeting in
respect of treasury shares, i.e. shares which are held by the company.
There were no preferred or financing preferred shares issued on December
31, 2025. Financing preferred shares are designed to allow ASM to finance
equity with an instrument paying a preferred dividend, linked to Euribor

ASM shares
ASM’s common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange
(symbol: ASM). ASM common shares, which are held in the United States
as New York Registry Shares, trade on the OTC market.
The company's authorized capital amounts to 82,500,000 common shares
of €0.04 par value, 88,500 preferred shares of €40 par value, and 6,000
financing preferred shares of €40 par value. As at December 31, 2025,
there were 49,328,548 common shares issued and fully paid of which
446,999 common shares are held by us in treasury. Of our 48,881,549
outstanding common shares at December 31, 2025, 47,505,918 are
registered with our transfer agent in the Netherlands, ABN AMRO Bank
N.V., and 1,822,630 are registered with our transfer agent in the United
States, Citibank, NA, New York.

Preferred and financing preferred shares
Preferred and financing preferred shares may be issued in registered form
only and are subject to transfer restrictions. Essentially, a preferred or
financing preferred shareholder must obtain the approval of the ASM
Supervisory Board to transfer shares. If the approval is denied, the
Supervisory Board will provide a list of acceptable prospective buyers who
are willing to purchase the shares at a cash price agreed by the
Supervisory Board and the seller within two months of the approval being
denied. If the transfer is approved, the shareholder must complete the
transfer within three months, after which time the approval expires.
Preferred shares are entitled to a cumulative preferred dividend based on
the amount paid up on such shares. Financing preferred shares are entitled
to a cumulative dividend based on the par value and share premium paid
on such shares.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

124

2025 Annual General Meeting
ASM held its Annual General Meeting on May 12, 2025. It was organized as
a physical meeting, so shareholders could attend in person. Shareholders
were also given the opportunity to vote through different means: (i) by
providing a power of attorney with voting instructions prior to the meeting
and (ii) electronically during the meeting while present in person. The
attendance rate was 71.04% of the total issued share capital of ASM as at
the registration date. The voting results and the minutes of the Annual
General Meeting – and other Annual and Extraordinary General Meetings –
are published on our website.
During the Annual General Meeting of 2025, it was resolved to authorize
the Management Board to issue shares or to grant rights to acquire up to
10% of the outstanding shares in ASM as well as to restrict or exclude the
pre-emption rights. This is, however, subject to approval by the
Supervisory Board, and the authorization applies for 18 months.

21.8 Stichting Continuïteit agreement
ASM is party to an agreement with Stichting Continuïteit ASM International
(Stichting), pursuant to which the Stichting is granted an option to acquire
up to a number of our preferred shares corresponding with a total par
value equal to 50% of the par value of our common shares issued and
outstanding at the date of the exercise of the option. The Stichting is a
non-membership foundation organized under Dutch law. The objective of
the Stichting is to serve the interests of ASM. For that objective, the
Stichting may, among other things, acquire, own, and vote on preferred
shares.
The members of the board of the Stichting are:

• Dick Bouma (Chair), retired Chair of the Board of Pels Rijcken &
Droogleever Fortuijn

• Rinze Veenenga Kingma, former President of Archeus Consulting B.V.
• Elsbeth van Rhijn, lawyer
• Gosse Boon, (non-) executive board member and (lay) judge (expert
member) at the Enterprise Court/Chamber Amsterdam
The purpose of the above-mentioned option is to protect the
independence, continuity, and identity of ASM against influences that are
contrary to the interests of ASM, its enterprise, and the enterprises of all
its subsidiaries and stakeholders.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Other than the above, the company has not established any other antitakeover measures.

21.9 Conflicts of interest
As provided for in the Rules of the Supervisory Board, a Supervisory Board
member facing a conflict of interest, potential or otherwise, shall inform the
Chair of the Supervisory Board immediately. The course of action shall be
discussed in consultation with the other members of the Supervisory
Board. The member facing the possible conflict of interest shall not be part
of these discussions.
Each Management Board member shall immediately report any potential
conflict of interest to the Chair of the Supervisory Board and to the other
Management Board members. In such cases, a Management Board member
shall provide the Chair of the Supervisory Board and the other Management
Board members with all information relevant to the conflict, and follow the
procedures as set out in the Rules of the Management Board.
The provisions of the Rules of the Management Board regarding conflicts
of interest of Management Board members shall apply mutatis mutandis to
members of the Executive Committee, provided however that a member of
the Executive Committee not being a Management Board member, shall
report any potential conflict of interest to the CEO. In addition, an
Executive Committee member shall not participate in the deliberation and/
or any decision-making, if his/her participation and/or decision-making
would be contrary to applicable legislation, regulations and/or internal
policies.

21.10 Miscellaneous
Publication in English

Financial statements

Appendix

__

125

our materiality assessment, often involving investors. Reference is made to
the policy regarding communications with shareholders, which can be
found on our website. In addition, ASM has adopted a Stakeholder
Dialogue policy, also available online, which covers interactions with
internal and external stakeholder groups, particularly regarding the
sustainability aspects of ASM’s strategy. This policy provides a nonexhaustive overview of engagement touchpoints and outlines our
approach to stakeholder engagement.

of part 2 of the Dutch Civil Code as included in this Annual Report 2025
provide a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position, and
profit or loss of the company and the group companies whose financials
are consolidated by the company, and that the management report
provides a true and fair view of the state of affairs at the balance sheet
date, the developments and performance during the financial year of the
company and the group companies whose financials are consolidated by
the company, and contains the main risks that ASM faces.

Risk management and control framework

For more information on the risks ASM faces, the internal risk management
and control framework and the declarations provided in relation thereto
pursuant to the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, see chapter 25.

The Management Board ensures that the company has an adequately
functioning internal risk management and control framework. A
comprehensive risk management and control framework, based on the
'three lines of defense model', has been established. This provides the
Audit Committee and the Management Board with a clear overview of the
effectiveness of internal controls and risk management. For more
information, see chapter 25. The Management Board periodically
discusses the internal risk-management and control systems with the
Supervisory Board and the Audit Committee.

Remuneration
During the Annual General Meeting, which took place on May 13, 2024, a
new Remuneration policy was adopted for the Supervisory Board. In 2023,
the Annual General Meeting adopted a new Remuneration policy for the
Management Board.
For more information on the remuneration of the Management Board, see
the Remuneration policy of the Management Board on our website, the
Remuneration report (chapter 26), and Note 26 to the consolidated
financial statements.

The Annual Report (including the financial statements and other regulated
information as defined in the Dutch Act on Financial Supervision ('Wet op
het financieel toezicht')) will only be published in English on our website.

For information on the remuneration of the Supervisory Board, see the
Remuneration policy of the Supervisory Board on our website, chapter 26,
and Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

External relations

21.11 Responsibility statement

At ASM, we believe that maintaining an open dialogue with our external
stakeholders is important. We provide accurate and timely information
through, among other things, press releases, our annual reports, quarterly
earnings calls and webcasts, and dedicated meetings. These meetings
typically address company strategy and performance, and seek input for

ASM Annual Report 2025

Responsibility statement
The members of the Management Board - Hichem M'Saad (Chairman and
CEO) and Paul Verhagen (CFO) - state that, to the best of their knowledge,
the financial statements prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS and Title 9

While the European Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive has not
been transposed and implemented in Dutch law on the date of this Annual
Report, the members of the Management Board - Hichem M'Saad
(Chairman and CEO) and Paul Verhagen (CFO) - state that, to the best of
their knowledge, our sustainability statements have been prepared in
accordance with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS)
and are compliant with the reporting requirements adopted pursuant to
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852.

Change of control
Pursuant to the Decree Article 10 of the EU Takeover Directive (Besluit
artikel 10 overnamerichtlijn), the following is noted on a possible change of
control (e.g. because of a public takeover):
• ASM's revolving credit facility (RCF) includes a change of control clause,
which could lead to repayment of any outstanding amount. See note 17
‘Credit facility’;
• ASM is party to commercial agreements, including lease agreements,
which occasionally include change of control clauses;
• ASM is party to an agreement with the Stichting Continuïteit ASM
International pursuant to which the Stichting is granted an option to
acquire up to a pre-determined number of our preferred shares in the
event of a potential public takeover. See above for the section Stichting
Continuïteit Agreement; and
• In case of a change of control, Management Board members may be
entitled to a severance amount as set out in the Remuneration Policy for
the Management Board and the Remuneration report in chapter 26.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

126

22. Executive Committee biographies
Management Board

Hichem M’Saad

Paul Verhagen

Gary Ding

Srini Vedula

Edyta Jakubek

Paul Ma

Steven Reiter

Hakan Erdemir

Chairman of the
Management Board and
CEO
Male, US and Tunisian,
1965
Initial appointment 2022
Term expires 2026

Member of the
Management Board and
CFO
Male, Dutch, 1966
Initial appointment 2021
Term expires 2027

Chief Product Officer
Male, US, 1962

Senior Vice President
Global Sales
Male, US, 1972

Senior Vice President
Global People; Chief HR
Officer
Female, Polish, 1974

Corporate Vice
President Plasma and
Epi
Male, US, 1975

Senior Vice President
Global Operations
Male, US and Turkish,
1968

Prior experience:
• More than 30 years at
Intel, various senior
leadership roles; most
recently VP of Logic
Technology
Development; prior
positions included VP
of Technology &
Manufacturing Group
and Director of Thin
Films & Planarization
Technology

Prior experience:
• Onto Innovation, Inc.
head of sales and
services
• Nanometrics, Inc.
general manager
optical metrology
• KLA Corporation,
several positions in
marketing and
applications

Corporate Vice
President Thermal ALD
and VF
Male, US, New Zealand
and Taiwanese, 1976

Prior experience:
• Applied Materials,
several positions,
supporting dielectric
CVD film
development and
customer qualification
in various areas,
including SACVD,
PECVD, and low-k
ILD/barrier

Prior experience:
• Alcon, VP Global
Supply Chain
• Johnson & Johnson,
several senior
positions in
Manufacturing,
Planning, Operations
and Global Supply
Chain

Other positions:
• ASMPT Ltd, Nonexecutive Director
Prior experience:
• Applied Materials,
several positions,
Corporate Vice
President and General
Manager of the DSM
and CMP divisions
• CEO of a start-up in
the solar photovoltaic
industry

Other positions:
• ASMPT Ltd, Nonexecutive Director
• Delft University of
Technology, Member
Supervisory Board
• PSV, Member
Supervisory Board
Prior experience:
• Royal Philips, several
CFO positions
• Fugro, CFO and
Member Management
Board

Prior experience:
• Royal Philips, various
senior HR positions
• Akzo Nobel, Global
Head of HR of Paints
& Coatings
• Heineken, Head of HR
Region Europe, Senior
Vice President

Prior experience:
• Applied Materials,
several positions,
Managing Director
and Head of the
Metal Deposition
Products division

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

127

23. Supervisory Board biographies

Pauline van der Meer Mohr

Martin van den Brink

Marc de Jong

Stefanie Kahle-Galonske

Didier Lamouche

Tania Micki

Adalio Sanchez

Chair
Female, Dutch, 1960

Member
Male, Dutch, 1957

Member
Male, Dutch, 1961

Member
Female, German/Swiss, 1969

Vice-Chair
Male, French, 1959

Member
Female, Swiss/French, 1971

Member
Male, US, 1959

Initial appointment 2021
Term expires 2029

Initial appointment 2024
Term expires 2028

Initial appointment 2018
Term expires 2026

Initial appointment 2017
Term expires 2026

Initial appointment 2020
Term expires 2028

Initial appointment 2024
Term expires 2028

Initial appointment 2021
Term expires 2029

Other current positions:
• Deputy chair Supervisory
Board NN
• Member Supervisory
Board Ahold Delhaize

Other positions:
• Advisor to ASML
• Advisor to IMEC
• Advisor to cusp.ai

Other positions:
• Member Supervisory
Board Fugro N.V.
• Member Supervisory
Board FiberSail Holding
B.V.
• Chair Supervisory Board
BDR Thermea Group B.V.
• Chair Advisory Board
Sioux B.V.
• Venture partner
Forward.one VC

Principal position:
• Group CFO Egon Zehnder
International AG

Other positions:
• Non-executive Director
Adecco (until April 2026)
• Non-executive Board
member ACI Worldwide,
Inc.
• Director Imagination
Technologies Group Ltd.
• Non-executive Board
Chair Quadient

Principal position:
• CFO and Member of the
Management Board
Tecan (until July 2026)
and as of July 2026 CFO
and member Executive
Committee of Siegfried
Holding AG

Other positions:
• Member Supervisory
Board Smart Photonics
Holding B.V.
• Member Supervisory
Board Aalberts N.V.

Other positions:

• Non-executive Member
Board of Directors Avnet,
Inc.
• Non-executive Board
Chair ACI Worldwide, Inc.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

128

24. Supervisory Board report
24.1 Message of the Chair
Pauline van der Meer Mohr, Chair of the Supervisory
Board, reflects on ASM’s performance in 2025,
highlighting how the company delivered again solid
growth via AI-driven demand and materials innovation.
Strategic focus includes global expansion in Korea, the US,
and Almere, alongside net-zero ambitions. She
emphasizes technological leadership, supply-chain
resilience, and talent development to secure long-term
growth.

2025 was a defining year for ASM: a year in which we once again achieved
double-digit growth in revenue despite mixed industry conditions and
ongoing geopolitical complexity. ASM's Spares & Services business
delivered strong growth – supported by deep technical expertise and close
collaboration with customers worldwide – while we continued to pursue
our objective to maintain and expand ASM’s ALD and epitaxy market share.
But above all, it was a year shaped by the rapid acceleration of artificial
intelligence (AI), now the most powerful driver of semiconductor demand.
AI is reshaping technology roadmaps across leading-edge logic/foundry
and memory, creating momentum in the segments where materials
innovation is most critical. While some parts of the broader semiconductor
market were more muted, ASM’s technologies are central to these
transitions, and our performance reflects the expanding role our materials
and processes play in enabling AI-era scaling. This also includes emerging
opportunities in advanced packaging, where material functionality is
becoming an essential determinant of performance as data movement,
thermal management, and system integration grow more complex.
The first full year of our Technology Committee underscored the
importance of anticipating and preparing for technological inflection points.
Through regular and in-depth discussions with management, the
committee has supported ASM’s ongoing pursuit of excellence in both
innovation and execution. The Supervisory Board remains impressed by
ASM’s commitment to advancing its materials and process technologies, as
well as by the discipline with which the company continues to strengthen
its long-term competitive position.

Pauline van der Meer Mohr
Chair of the Supervisory
Board

2025 was also a year of significant investments in ASM’s global footprint.
In Korea, ASM completed its second facility in Dongtan, expanding both
manufacturing capacity and R&D capability. During the official opening, the
Supervisory Board had the opportunity to meet many of ASM’s highly

skilled colleagues and to engage directly with customers about their
challenges and opportunities – and where ASM’s materials expertise can
help address them.
Construction of the new Scottsdale facility in the US is also progressing
well, supporting ASM’s ambition to expand its R&D base in a market central
to AI and advanced computing.
In late 2025, ASM announced plans to expand in Almere. The new stateof-the-art global headquarters and R&D center will include a cleanroom,
training hub, and expanded group functions. Nearly six decades after
Arthur del Prado founded ASM, it is inspiring to see the company invest so
deeply in its home country as it builds its next chapter.
Sustainability remains a key pillar of our strategy. In 2025, ASM took
further steps to reduce CO₂ emissions both in its operations and across its
supply base, while accelerating innovations aimed at improving energy
efficiency – a topic of growing importance for customers and society,
especially as AI workloads grow. Our work on high-conductivity materials,
reduced precursor consumption, and solutions such as dry chamber
cleaning and complete kit management (CKM) all help support lower power
consumption and improved cost of ownership. As energy becomes one of
the defining constraints on digital infrastructure, ASM’s capabilities in
materials innovation position the company well to contribute positively to
the industry’s environmental footprint.
As ASM advances toward its ambition of surpassing €5.7 billion in revenue
by 2030, supply chain resilience and operational scalability remain
essential. In 2025, management initiated a comprehensive plan to
strengthen global sourcing, shorten lead times, enhance supplier
performance, and build the flexibility required to support the company’s
growth trajectory. The Supervisory Board will continue to monitor this
closely, as these capabilities form a critical foundation for scaling the
business responsibly and effectively.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Supporting this ambition also requires sustained investment in people and
in the systems that enable them to excel. Talent remains a critical success
factor in a sector defined by rapid innovation, where attracting and
retaining world-class colleagues across engineering, customer support,
operations, and corporate functions is vital. In 2025, ASM made significant
progress in its IT business transformation, successfully upgrading its digital
foundations to improve operational efficiency and prepare for future
scaling.
Besides investing in facilities and in people, ASM also invested in the
acquisition of Axus and its Chemical Mechanical Polishing (CMP)
technology1. After positive advice from the Technology Committee, the
Supervisory Board approved and supported this acquisition in December
2025. It is pleased that ASM has managed to add CMP to its portfolio as it
is a key technology that is complementary to ASM's strengths in interface
engineering and chemistry.
The forecast of acceleration in revenue in the first part of 2026, provided
with the Q4 2025 results publication in March, provided a solid foundation
for the year ahead. With AI expected to drive a multi-year expansion cycle,
this is the right moment for ASM to continue investing boldly in technology,
talent, capacity, and the systems that will support the company’s longterm growth.
Governance developments during the year contributed to strong continuity
in leadership. In May 2025, the AGM reappointed CFO Paul Verhagen for a
two-year term, and in December the Supervisory Board nominated CEO
Hichem M’Saad for a second four-year term. The Executive Committee
was further strengthened with the additions of Hakan Erdemir as Head of
Global Operations, Srini Vedula as Head of Global Sales, and, in early 2026,
Gary Ding as ASM’s new Chief Product Officer. We are proud that ASM
continues to attract such exceptional talent.
Stefanie Kahle-Galonske’s membership of the Supervisory Board will
conclude at the end of the 2026 AGM. On behalf of the Supervisory Board,
I would like to express our sincere appreciation for what Stefanie has
contributed to ASM during her nine years of service. As Chair of the Audit
Committee, Stefanie has guided and overseen several significant
1

Please see Note 1. Acquisition of a business combination in Chapter 28.6 for more information

Financial statements

Appendix

improvements of ASM’s financial control frameworks. Her broad and deep
financial and management expertise, her keen eye for talent development
and her steady guidance have been invaluable to ASM in a period of
significant growth and transition. We wish Stefanie all the best in her future
endeavors.
In December, we nominated Marc de Jong for a third term, to be voted on
at the 2026 AGM. We also announced my intention to retire from the
Supervisory Board in 2027, once a suitable successor has been identified,
allowing ample time for a smooth transition and a well-supported
handover.
2025 was, once again, a successful and forward-looking year for ASM – a
year in which the company not only delivered strong performance but also
invested purposefully in its future. On behalf of the Supervisory Board, I
extend my sincere appreciation to the Management Board, the Executive
Committee, and all ASMers worldwide for their dedication, passion, and
pursuit of excellence. We look ahead to 2026 and beyond with great
confidence.

Pauline van der Meer Mohr
March 12, 2026
Chair of the Supervisory Board

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

129

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

24.2 Supervisory Board report

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

130

direct contact with these members, and allows for better supervision by
the Supervisory Board. The relationship between the Supervisory Board
and the Executive Committee has been codified in the Rules of the
Supervisory Board and the Rules of the Executive Committee.

Members of the Management Board generally joined the regular
Supervisory Board meetings. Prior to and following the regular Supervisory
Board meetings, the Supervisory Board had meetings among themselves,
sometimes inviting the CEO. The Supervisory Board-only meetings allow
members to discuss and reflect on specific items of interest and
importance without the involvement of the Management Board, such as
the succession of the Supervisory Board and preparation of the evaluation
of the Management Board and its members. Outside of the collective and
organized meetings, there was regular interaction between the Chairs of
the committees and the Chair of the Supervisory Board to ensure the
proper distribution of information, as well as between the Chair of the
Supervisory Board and the CEO, the Chair of the Audit Committee and the
CFO, the Chair of the Nomination, Selection and Remuneration (NSR)
committee and the Chief HR Officer, and the Chair of the Technology
Committee and senior technology executives.

In December 2025, the Supervisory Board travelled to Korea for the grand
opening of the new facility in Dongtan. The members also attended an allhands session where employees had the opportunity to ask questions
directly to both the Management Board and Supervisory Board. In addition,
the Supervisory Board met local talent during a dedicated breakfast
session and engaged with key customers over a lunch and a dinner.

Members of the Executive Committee also attended some regular
Supervisory Board meetings, where agenda items concerning the relevant
Executive Committee member were discussed. The same applies to
meetings of the Audit Committee (generally attended by the Management
Board and in any case the CFO), the NSR (for the main part attended by
the CEO and Ms. Jakubek) and the Technology Committee (attended by
the CEO and the Corporate Vice President, Technology Innovation &
Market Research Organization). During the strategy meeting in December,
the entire Executive Committee joined the Supervisory Board meeting. The
Executive Committee's participation enables the Supervisory Board to have

During the meetings, the Supervisory Board had discussions with the
Management Board on a wide range of topics, and on occasion with other
members of the Executive Committee. These related to, among others,
and not listed in order of importance:
a. The performance of the company and its underlying businesses from a
business and operational perspective;
b. Updated policies, including the Inclusion, Diversity & Belonging (ID&B)
policy and the Insider trading policy;
c. Updated corporate governance documents, such as the Rules of the
Management Board, the Rules of the Executive Committee, the Rules of
the Supervisory Board and the Charters of the Committees;
d. Succession planning of the Supervisory Board and its committees, the
Management Board and the Executive Committee, including the
appointment of two new members to the latter in 2025 and one in early
2026;

Board meetings attendance (from the moment of becoming a member of the relevant committee)
Supervisory Board (with
management)

Supervisory Board (Boardonly)

Audit Committee

NSR Committee

Technology Committee

Pauline van der Meer Mohr

100%

100%

100%

89%

N/A

Adalio Sanchez

91%

100%

N/A

89%

100%

Didier Lamouche

91%

100%

N/A

100%

100%

Marc de Jong

91%

100%

100%

N/A

100%

Martin van den Brink

91%

100%

100%

N/A

100%

Name

__

Stefanie Kahle-Galonske

91%

83%

100%

89%

N/A

Tania Micki

100%

100%

100%

100%

N/A

Supervisory Board visiting ASM's newly opened Korean facility in December 2025

e. Organizational changes of ASM, including a rearrangement of the
business units, new departments and appointments of new leaders with
new responsibilities;
f. The execution of ASM’s sustainable long-term value-creation strategy,
including investments, e.g. in the CMP technology;
g. The annual budget (including deviations therefrom) and financial targets
for the Management Board, the quarterly financial results review and
performance by the company, and the preparation of the quarterly
earnings press releases;
h. The presentations for ASM's Investor Day in September;
i. A review of the business in Italy to adjust the organization to
challenging developments in the SiC market;
j. Oversight of the risk management and internal controls and the
business processes at large, including developments in the Netherlands
around the Declaration on risk management (Verklaring omtrent
risicobeheersing) and the impact thereof on ASM;
k. The risk framework, risk assessment within ASM, including the main
identified risks and risk appetite;
l. Sustainability matters, including the double materiality assessment,
innovations to make ASM's tools more sustainable, as well as

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

measurements and initiatives to reduce ASM’s Scope 1, Scope 2 and
Scope 3 emissions;
m. Quality improvements in ASM's tools with an enhanced product lifecycle program;
n. The 'People' strategy, succession planning of senior management,
leadership trainings, talent reviews and retention, results of the
engagement survey, ID&B and company culture;
o. Geopolitical environment and the impact of the export-control
regulations;
p. The execution and organization of global operations and the supply
chain, inventory and supply-chain challenges, and a supply-chain
improvement strategy with support from an external consultant.
q. Cybersecurity and the cyber resilience of the organization;
r. A number of specific procedural and financial matters were discussed,
including but not limited to the organization of the Annual General
Meeting, dividend distribution and a share buyback program;
s. Regular updates around developments, opportunities, and risks related
to key customers and market trends;
t. Regular reviews and monitoring of (potential) acquisitions, divestments,
and partnerships;
u. The remuneration of the Supervisory Board, the Executive Committee
and the Management Board; the evaluation of the Management Board
based on the achievement of specific targets approved by the
Supervisory Board and a benchmark with other companies;
v. Product and market developments, management and financial structure,
and financial and non-financial performance;
w. ASM's investment in ASMPT;
x. Appointment of a new internal auditor and the approval of the annual
internal audit plan;
y. Appointment of the external auditor; and
z. Capital market developments, including a presentation by an investment
bank on ASM's share price development.
In the Supervisory Board meetings without management, the Supervisory
Board discussed, among other things:
• The remuneration of the Supervisory Board; the proposal to the Annual
General Meeting of a new Remuneration Policy of the Supervisory Board
and to amend the remuneration of the Supervisory Board and its
committees;

Financial statements

Appendix

• The composition of the Management Board, the nomination of the CEO
for reappointment, and the proposal to the Annual General Meeting of a
new Remuneration Policy of the Management Board;
• The evaluation of the Management Board as a whole and each of its
individual members; and
• The Supervisory Board's self-assessment, including the evaluation of its
own performance, that of its members and its committees, and the
collaboration between the Supervisory Board, the Management Board,
and Executive Committee.

Strategy
Every year, the last Supervisory Board meeting of the year is tasked with
discussing with the Management Board and rest of the Executive
Committee ASM’s strategy, sustainable long-term value creation, and the
planned implementation and risks attached with realizing it. This meeting
lasted a full day. In this year’s strategy meeting, discussions included, inter
alia:
• The semiconductor and semiconductor equipment market and outlook;
• The development of ASM’s market share in the different segments it
serves;
• The development of the competitive environment;
• The new technology and market trends for the coming years;
• The sales strategy;
• The progress with ASM’s strategic priorities;

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

131

• Investments, including an approval by the Supervisory Board of the

•
•
•
•

investment in Almere, the Netherlands, in a new global headquarters, a
state-of-the-art R&D center with cleanroom, a training hub, and part of
ASM's development operations;
ASM’s budget for the next year and long-term revenue and profit or loss
forecasts;
The strategy for AI and machine learning to accelerate R&D and
enhance high-volume manufacturing;
ASM's sourcing and supply chain strategy; and
Strategic initiatives to improve the company’s sustainable long-term
value-creation strategy.

For efficiency reasons, several elements of the strategy were discussed
earlier in the year, including the approach to risk and risk mitigation (also in
view of the new risk management statement required under the Code), as
well as the People strategy and product strategy. In addition, throughout
the year, the Supervisory Board monitors the implementation of the
strategy in its regular meetings.
The execution of the sustainable long-term strategy of 'Growth through
Innovation' means that apart from profitability and growth goals, the
Supervisory Board also monitors results vis-à-vis the sustainability targets.

Supervisory Board rotation schedule
Year
of birth

Initial
appointment

Term
expires

Dutch

1960

2021

2029

Member

Dutch

1957

2024

2028

Ms. Stefanie Kahle-Galonske

Member

German-Swiss

1969

2017

2026

Mr. Marc J.C. de Jong

Member

Dutch

1961

2018

2026*

Mr. Didier R. Lamouche

Vice-Chair

French

1959

2020

2028

Ms. Tania Micki

Member

Swiss-French

1971

2024

2028

Mr. Adalio T. Sanchez

Member

United States

1959

2021

2029

Name

Position

Nationality

Ms. Pauline F.M. van der Meer Mohr

Chair

Mr. Martin A. van den Brink

* As announced in ASM's press release dated December 8, 2025, the Supervisory Board nominates Mr. De Jong for reappointment for a two-year term at the Annual General Meeting on
May 11, 2026

The continued focus on and importance of sustainability led to regular
discussions with the Management Board and other senior executives,
covering topics such as the company's innovation efforts to make ASM's
tools more sustainable, the double materiality assessment, and the steps
taken to deliver the sustainability statements in this Annual Report in line
with the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) – required
once the CSRD has been implemented in Dutch law.
Sustainability targets are being addressed by ASM’s target to (i) achieve
specified annualized energy savings/generation from all ASM sites, onsite
renewable energy generation, and obtaining a Gold + LEED rating for the
new ASM facility in Dongtan, Korea, (ii) increase the number of suppliers
aligned with ASM's Science Based Targets initiative(SBTi)-validated
roadmap, and (iii) achieve a specified percentage reduction on product
equivalent energy/wafer with contingent greenhouse gas emission
reduction as measured against the 2023 baseline. See chapter 26,
Remuneration Report, for more information. In 2025, the Supervisory Board
continued to monitor ASM's strategy to achieve its Net Zero by 2035
ambition. As per the target under (iii) and other efforts, an important way
this is currently addressed is through designing products to be more
energy-efficient. We strive to accelerate industry value-chain progress
through, inter alia, the Semiconductor Climate Consortium, of which ASM is
a founding member, and which seeks to develop methods and standards
for collaboratively addressing Scope 3 emissions across the
semiconductor industry value chain. The SBTi verified ASM’s
measurements and targets for all scopes in the summer of 2023, and ASM
continued on this path in 2025.
With respect to the execution of the strategy, both Boards also discussed
M&A possibilities and other investment opportunities regularly throughout
the year. The Supervisory Board reviewed and challenged the
opportunities from technology, financial, strategic, economic, commercial,
and competitive perspectives.

Financial statements

Appendix

Risk management
One of the Supervisory Board's responsibilities is to oversee risk
management. In 2025, it gave attention to the risk landscape, ASM's key
risks as identified by the Executive Committee, any developments, the risk
appetite, risk mitigation measures, and the risk mitigation strategy. A new
head of risk management was appointed in 2025, who is also the internal
auditor. The effectiveness and results of the internal control assessments
were reviewed. The Audit Committee and the Supervisory Board as a
whole also discussed developments in the Netherlands around the
Declaration on risk management (Verklaring omtrent risicobeheersing) –
which is an in-control statement – and its impact on ASM.
Refer to chapter 25, 'Risk management', for more information on those
risks and uncertainties currently most relevant to our company.
For 2025, particular areas of attention the Supervisory Board focused on in
its meetings are highlighted, in addition to what has been set out above.

The Supervisory Board updated its own Rules and charters of its
committees and its skills matrix, and approved amendments made to the
Rules of the Management Board and Executive Committee. Also, it
approved proposed amendments to the ID&B policy, the Internal Audit
Charter, and the Insider trading policy.

__

132

Supervisory Board Committees
Committees structure and members

Name

Pauline van der Meer Mohr

M

M

Martin van den Brink

M

Stefanie Kahle-Galonske €

M

Marc de Jong

M

Didier Lamouche
Tania Micki €
Adalio Sanchez

C
M

C
C

C

M
M

M

M

VC

M
M

M

M
M

M

The annual enterprise risk management process was discussed, which
resulted in, among others, a new Risk Committee, defining ASM's key risks,
risk heatmap and risk appetite, action plans to manage risks, and alignment
of the actions and assurance activities with the internal audit plan.

C Chair M Member € Financial expert pursuant to Article 2(3) of the Dutch
Decree establishment audit committee of 26 July 2008 VC Vice Chair

Inclusion, diversity and belonging

Audit Committee

The Supervisory Board recognizes the value of diversity among the
members of the Supervisory Board, the Management Board, Sub-board
and the whole of the organization. The Supervisory Board and
Management Board discussed the company’s performance in this field,
including targets and measures. The Supervisory Board approved the
revised Inclusion, Diversity & Belonging policy.
Refer to section 17.2 for more information.

Ethics
Corporate governance

ASM Annual Report 2025

Supervisory Board

Leadership and governance

Technology
Committee

Sustainability statements

Nomination,
Selection and
Remuneration
Committee

Strategy and performance

Audit Committee

Introduction

The Supervisory Board received an update on the Ethics Committee in
2025, including the ethics report, all incidents reported, and areas of
continuous improvement.

Note: Ms. Micki became the Chair of the Audit Committee in July 2025, and a member of
the NSR Committee in October 2025.

The Audit Committee's role is described in its Charter, available on the
company website. The Audit Committee consists of five members: Tania
Micki (Chair), Stefanie Kahle-Galonske, Marc de Jong, Pauline van der
Meer Mohr, and Martin van den Brink. Other members of the Supervisory
Board frequently attend the meetings as well, particularly the first meeting
of the year, which is also attended by the external auditor and during
which the Annual Report and management letter are discussed. The Audit
Committee assists the Supervisory Board in fulfilling its supervisory
responsibilities to oversee ASM’s financing, financial statements, financialreporting process, non-financial and sustainability reporting, system of
internal business controls, internal audit, and risk management.
The Audit Committee met four times in person in 2025, and always before
the publication of the quarterly, half-year, and annual financial results. In
addition to the Audit Committee members, the Management Board, the
Group Controller, head of Internal Audit, and the external auditor are

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

invited to the meeting. The Audit Committee also met separately with the
external auditor in 2025 and with the CFO at the end of each meeting.
The following lists the main topics discussed by the Audit Committee in
2025:
a. The company’s financial reporting, including the application of
accounting principles;
b. The company’s financial position and financing programs;
c. Important topics relating to adherence to the tax policy and tax risk
management;
d. The company’s internal risk-management systems and market
developments regarding disclosure thereof, including developments in
the Netherlands around the Declaration on risk management (Verklaring
omtrent risicobeheersing) and the impact thereof on ASM;
e. The effectiveness of internal controls;
f. The internal audits performed and its findings, as well as the annual
internal audit plan;
g. The Annual Report and financial statements, and the budget and
quarterly progress reports prepared by the Management Board;
h. Presentation on export controls;
i. Progress (including regular interim written updates) on the company’s
investment in an upgrade of the IT system to, inter alia, harmonize
business processes, as well as the company's investment in an upgrade
of the PLM system, both successfully implemented in July 2025;
j. The appointment of the external auditor and assurance provider;
k. Introduction of the new general counsel and Global Compliance Officer,
responsible for Legal, IP, and Global Trade Compliance;
l. Capital markets developments, including analyst reports and investor
consensus and share price developments;
m. Margin developments of certain products; and
n. Developments in the legal and regulatory landscape, including in terms
of ESG and sustainability (such as the CSRD and CSDDD, each as
defined below) and risk.
In addition, the following matters were discussed:
Each quarter, the CFO provides the Audit Committee with a detailed look
into ASM's key financial performance. ASM's operational and financial
short-term and long-term performance were extensively addressed in
each quarter’s discussion. Accounting matters and the ASMPT investment

Financial statements

Appendix

were discussed in depth. The interim and annual reports were reviewed
and discussed prior to publication.
Furthermore, the committee was regularly updated on non-financial
reporting matters relating to sustainability and the EU Taxonomy. This
includes ASM’s investments to prepare for and progress of the nonfinancial reporting required under the Corporate Sustainability Reporting
Directive (CSRD) and the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive
(CSDDD) once each has been implemented into Dutch law.
In addition, the Audit Committee reviewed the capital allocation model.
This included a discussion on the amount of the dividend payment per
share and the feasibility of a share buyback program.
Additionally, observations made by the internal auditor and the external
auditor on the design and effectiveness of internal controls were
discussed with the Audit Committee, and the committee discussed and
monitored follow-up actions.
The Audit Committee reviewed on a quarterly basis an update of the
progress of the internal audit plan approved by the Supervisory Board,
audit scope, detailed outcomes of each audit, and remediation status of
the follow-up action plans. The internal audit plan was continuously
reviewed. Where appropriate, amendments were made to give priority to
certain matters.
The Audit Committee reviewed and approved the 2025 external audit plan
by the new external auditor, key audit matters, audit scope (including
additional assignments or projects with the external auditor), audit teams,
materiality levels, and fees. The Audit Committee also reviewed and
approved any non-audit services provided by the external auditor, in
accordance with ASM’s policies on audit and non-audit services provided
by the external auditor. Each quarter, the Audit Committee received a
quarterly update from the external auditor on the progress of the external
audit activities and the transition from ASM's former external auditor to the
new auditor in 2025. In addition, the Audit Committee discussed nonfinancial reporting and the external auditor’s role therein with the external
auditor.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

133

The Audit Committee evaluated the performance, qualifications, and
independence of the external auditor in 2025 of its previous auditor KPMG.
Given the mandatory rotation, 2024 was the last year KPMG could be
appointed as auditor. As of 2025, EY Accountants B.V. has been appointed
as external auditor and its performance will be evaluated in 2026. EY
Accountants B.V. has also been appointed as assurance provider of the
non-financial information.
In addition, during the year, the Audit Committee reviewed fraud risk
assessments and litigation claims.
Refer to chapter 21, 'Corporate Governance', for more information on the
Audit Committee.

Nomination, Selection and Remuneration (NSR) Committee
The role of the NSR Committee is described in its Charter, available on the
company website. In general, the NSR Committee advises the Supervisory
Board on matters relating to the selection and nomination for the
appointment or reappointment of new or existing individual Management
Board and Supervisory Board members. It includes the respective
remuneration policies and Remuneration report, and the remuneration
levels of the individual members of the Management Board and
Supervisory Board.
The NSR Committee is chaired by Didier Lamouche. The other members
are Pauline van der Meer Mohr, Adalio Sanchez, Stefanie Kahle-Galonske
and, since October 2025, Tania Micki. In addition to the NSR Committee
members, the NSR Committee invites the CEO, and the Chief HR Officer to
attend (parts of) its meetings. Moreover, the director Talent Acquisition
(responsible for, amongst others, talent attraction and development, as
well as ID&B) and the director Remuneration also attended parts of NSR
meetings where the topics they are responsible for were discussed.
In 2025, the NSR Committee met five times in person (additional
conference calls were held on an ad hoc basis).
Topics discussed by the NSR in 2025 are based on the NSR’s regular
calendar (recurring topics) or are related to specific matters:
• Composition of the Management Board, including the reappointment of
Mr. Verhagen in the Annual General Meeting 2025 and the nomination

Introduction

•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•
•

•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

of Mr. M'Saad for reappointment to the Management Board proposed to
the Annual General Meeting 2026;
The Remuneration Report 2024, including application of the remuneration
policies for the Management Board and Supervisory Board in 2024;
Discussion on the remuneration of the Executive Committee;
Consultations on changes to the composition of the Executive Committee;
Composition of the Supervisory Board, including the reappointments of
Ms. Van der Meer Mohr, Ms. Kahle-Galonske (for a third term) and Mr.
Sanchez in the Annual General Meeting 2025 and the nomination of Mr.
De Jong for reappointment to the Annual General Meeting in 2026 to
the Supervisory Board for a third term (this time for two years) given his
unique skill set comprising, amongst others, technology, sustainability,
and finance;
Revisions to the ID&B policy;
CEO pay ratio;
Management Board remuneration outcome over previous performance
year and planned actions for the new performance year;
Long-term incentive dilution;
Proposal for a new Remuneration Policy of the Supervisory Board and
revision of the fees of the Supervisory Board and its committees (in
preparation of the Annual General Meeting, May 2026) following a
benchmark;
Proposal for a new Remuneration Policy of the Management Board (in
preparation of the Annual General Meeting, May 2026) following a
benchmark and in view of Mr. M'Saad's nomination for reappointment;
Management Board evaluation and performance reviews;
Management Board short-term incentive targets 2025 and outlook, and
Management Board long-term incentive targets;
Monitoring of progress of results compared to short-term incentive
targets;
Training of Supervisory Board;
Management Board shareholding requirements status overview;
Employee engagement survey results 2025;
Succession planning and talent reviews, including composition of the
Management Board and Executive Committee;
Succession planning of the Supervisory Board; and
Management Board short-term and long-term incentive targets 2026.

Refer to chapter 21 for more information on the NSR Committee.

Financial statements

Appendix

Technology Committee
The Technology Committee was newly established in July 2024, so 2025
was its first full operational year. The role of the Technology Committee is
described in its Charter, available on the company website. In general, the
Technology Committee advises the Supervisory Board on matters relating
to ASM's technology strategy, product roadmap, R&D investments, and
other technology-related items.
The Technology Committee is chaired by Martin van den Brink. The other
members are Adalio Sanchez, Didier Lamouche and Marc de Jong. In
addition to the Technology Committee members, the Technology
Committee invites the CEO and members of senior management
responsible for the technology and product roadmap and platform
engineering and technology. The Corporate Vice President, Technology
Innovation & Market Research Organization attends the Technology
Committee meetings as well.
In 2025, the Technology Committee met four times in person (including a
two-day meeting in July to discuss the technology strategy in advance of
the Supervisory Board strategy meeting in December), with all Technology
Committee members attending each of these meetings.
Topics discussed by the Technology Committee in 2025 included:
• Meeting frequency, sequence and annual agenda;
• Ways of working of the Technology Committee, including lessons
learned from 2024;
• Technology-related aspects of investment opportunities;
• Advanced packaging and hybrid bonding;
• The technology roadmaps in various technologies;
• The acquisition of Axus and its Chemical Mechanical Polishing (CMP)
technology; and
• The product roadmap to prepare for the strategy meeting of the
Supervisory Board.

Performance evaluation
Every year the Supervisory Board reviews and discusses the functioning of
the Supervisory Board, its committees, and its individual members, as well
as the cooperation with the Management Board and Executive Committee
through a self-assessment. At the end of 2025 and early 2026 this
assessment was conducted with the assistance of an external consultant.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

134

The composition, competencies, and functioning of the Supervisory Board,
as also described in the Supervisory Board Profile, are part of the
assessment. See the skills matrix on the next page for the skills of each
Supervisory Board member. The report from the external consultant was
pre-discussed with the NSR Committee Chair and the Supervisory Board
Chair. Thereafter, this was discussed with the entire Supervisory Board.
Throughout the year, the Chair of the Supervisory Board had bilateral
meetings with the individual Supervisory Board members to discuss any
items coming from the evaluation from the previous year and any other
matters.
In addition, the Supervisory Board reviews the performance of the
Management Board as a whole and its individual members, as well as the
cooperation between the Supervisory Board and the Management Board
and Executive Committee. In 2025, this was done by the Supervisory
Board in its meetings without management present to prepare for the
performance appraisals of the Management Board. The performance of the
Management Board is also assessed when determining if and to what
extent the Management Board achieved its annual targets.
The conclusion of the assessments was that the Supervisory Board and
the Management Board and their individual members function properly and
effectively, and that the cooperation between the Supervisory Board and
Management Board and Executive Committee is functioning well. The
outcome of this evaluation included board dynamics and lessons learned,
which included:
• Decoupling the strategy meeting from the budget (which were usually
both covered during the December meeting), so that strategic topics
would be spread throughout the year;
• Fewer topics on the agenda of each meeting, so that there is time for
more in-depth discussions;
• The division between the Audit Committee, Technology Committee, and
Supervisory Board in areas where overlap exists, including
enhancement of proportionality and effectiveness in meetings, materials
and decision-making;
• The need for additional Supervisory Board meetings without an agenda
so members can spend more time together to discuss current affairs;
and
• implementing the recommendations from the external consultant to
further strengthen governance practices.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Shareholders

In view of the above, the Supervisory Board concludes that it has
adequately fulfilled its responsibilities in 2025 and is well-positioned to
further strengthen its practices for 2026.

Corporate governance
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the company’s
compliance with corporate governance standards and best practices. The
Supervisory Board is of the opinion that the company complies with the
Dutch Corporate Governance Code, subject to the deviations set out in
chapter 21.
Skills matrix Supervisory Board

The Annual General Meeting was held on May 12, 2025 in Almere, the
Netherlands. Shareholders were invited to attend in person, and were also
offered the option of following the meeting virtually via a live webcast (view
and hear only). Voting was possible by proxy before the meeting, as well as
during the meeting. Shareholders were also given the option to pose questions
prior to and during the Annual General Meeting.
During the meeting, among other things, the reappointment of Mr.
Verhagen to the Management Board, the reappointment of Ms. Van der
Meer Mohr, Ms. Kahle-Galonske, and Mr. Sanchez to the Supervisory
Board,

Pauline
van der Meer Adalio
Mohr
Sanchez

Stefanie
KahleGalonske *

Didier
Lamouche

Marc
de Jong

Martin
van den
Brink

Tania
Micki *

General
n

n

n n

n

n

n

n n

Governance and legal affairs

n n

n

n

n

n n

n

n

Human resources matters and employee relations

n n

n

n

n

n

n

n

Remuneration

n n

n n

n n

n n

n

n

n

(Previous) executive board member of (listed) international company

n n

n n

n

n n

n n

n n

n n

ESG, including climate change

n n

n

n n

n

n n

n n

n n

IT, cyber, AI and digitization

n

n n

n

n

n

n n

n n

Semiconductor ecosystem

n

n n

n n

n n

n n

n n

n

Deep understanding of semiconductor technology and products

n

n n

n

n n

n

n n

n

High-tech manufacturing / integrated supply chain management

n

n n

n

n n

n

n n

n n

Financial and non-financial reporting matters and corporate finance

Industry specific

* Financial expert pursuant to Article 2(3) of the Dutch Decree establishment audit
committee of 26 July 2008
n

No specific and sufficient experience and knowledge.

n

Sufficient experience and knowledge to be able to take an informed decision.

n n

Considered an expert given previous or current roles, other than with ASM.

__

135

and the regular dividend proposal of €3.00 per share were approved. Ms.
Kahle-Galonske was reappointed for a third term, this time for one year,
given her unique skill set and to ensure a smooth transition of the
chairmanship of the Audit Committee to Ms. Micki in 2025.
On February 25, 2025, ASM announced the authorization of a new share
buyback program of up to €150 million. The program started on April 30,
2025, and was completed on July 25, 2025. In total, we repurchased
322,533 shares at an average price of €465.07, under the 2025 program.

Induction, education, and training
ASM has a comprehensive induction program for newly appointed
members of the Supervisory Board, designed to present a good view of
the company. This includes the group’s strategy, technical developments,
commercial status and outlook, financial position and outlook, and relevant
legal aspects and risks. The program includes meetings with other
Supervisory Board members, Management Board members, Executive
Committee members, Key Product Unit (KPU) heads, and other leaders in
the company. In 2025, no new Supervisory Board members were
appointed.
In 2025, as is the case every year, the Supervisory Board discussed their
education and training needs. The result was that they received a training
on shareholder related topics. In addition, the Supervisory Board requested
to prepare a cyber security risk exercise, which is scheduled to be held in
the first half of 2026.

Independence
The Supervisory Board has determined that its current members are all
independent, as defined by the Code. Neither the Chair nor any other
member of the Supervisory Board is a former member of ASM’s
Management Board or has another relationship with ASM which can be
judged ‘not independent’ of ASM.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Furthermore, the Supervisory Board reviews and discusses all of its
members’ other executive and non-executive positions on an annual basis.
Its Chair approves any intended outside positions, to safeguard – among
others – the level of engagement, conflicts of interest, compliance with
laws, and the Corporate Governance Code. In 2025, there were no
conflicts of interest to report between Management Board members and
the company or Supervisory Board members and the company.

Financial statements
We reviewed the ASM 2025 Annual Report, including the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 which have
been prepared in accordance with IFRS as endorsed by the European
Union (EU-IFRS) and also comply with the financial reporting requirements
included in Section 362(9) of Part 9, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code, as
prepared by the Management Board. ASM’s independent and external
auditor, EY Accountants B.V., have audited these financial statements and
issued an unqualified opinion. Their report appears in chapter 30. All of the
members of the Supervisory Board have signed the financial statements in
respect of the financial year 2025.

Signing
Almere, the Netherlands
March 12, 2026

Supervisory Board
Pauline van der Meer Mohr – Chair
Didier Lamouche – Vice-Chair
Stefanie Kahle-Galonske
Marc de Jong
Adalio Sanchez
Tania Micki
Martin van den Brink

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

136

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

137

25. Risk management
To stay ahead of what's next, our risk management cycle is a continuous
process aimed at having a deep understanding of our risks and
opportunities and embedding mitigation in our key processes. We prioritize
key risks by performing a top-down risk assessment and ensure effective
risk mitigation in line with our risk appetite through our bottom-up (process
level) controls.
Our risk committee meets periodically to stay on top of key developments
impacting our risk landscape, enabling proactive and continuous risk
mitigation.

Risk management framework

• First line of defense: Business and operations management owns and

ASM's approach to managing risk is aligned with the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) Enterprise Risk Management framework,
enabling a structured and integrated process across the organization. It is
a key part of our corporate governance framework, which describes how
we embed our strategy, mission, and objectives across our organization.

manages risk, which includes identifying, assessing, controlling, and
mitigating risks. Our risk owners monitor risks that are part of their
process and drive risk responses based on our top-down risk
assessment and continuous reviews.
• Second line of defense: Oversight functions support business and
operations management and help make sure the risk and control
procedures have effective metrics and are operating as intended. Our
quarterly control assessments and key risk indicator reporting are key
elements of our risk oversight. This year, we have made improvements
and strengthened our second line of defense capabilities, with more
proactive oversight, monitoring and communications.
• Third line of defense: Internal Audit provides independent objective
assurance on the effectiveness of governance, risk management, and
internal controls, including how business and operations management
and the oversight functions manage and control risk. Internal Audit brings
a systematic, disciplined approach to evaluating and improving the
effectiveness of risk-management, control, and governance processes.

Key elements include:

• Governance & Culture: Establishing strong oversight and embedding risk
awareness into decision-making and corporate culture.

• Strategy & Objective-Setting: Aligning risk appetite with strategic

Risk management approach

objectives to support sustainable growth.

• Risk Identification & Assessment: An annual exercise where the risk

Information &
Communication

Governance &
Culture

Strategy &
Objective
setting

Performance
& Monitoring

committee identifies, assesses, and prioritizes enterprise risks in line
with our risk appetite
• Risk Response: Implementing mitigation strategies such as avoidance,
reduction, transfer, or acceptance, tailored to the risk profile.
• Performance & Monitoring: Continuously monitoring risk indicators and
control effectiveness, supported by internal audit and reporting to
management and the boards (Management Board and Supervisory
Board).
• Information & Communication: Ensuring timely, transparent
communication of risks and controls across all levels of the organization.
This approach enables us to proactively manage uncertainties, safeguard
assets, and create long-term value for stakeholders.

Risk
Response

Risk
Identification &
Assessment

Three lines of defense
Our risk management and internal control activities are organized through
the three lines of defense model. The risk committee, chaired by the CEO
consists of senior leaders including Management Board members,
Executive Committee members and other senior leaders of the company
who are considered essential in driving and executing the strategy. The
risk committee is entrusted with risk management and compliance in line
with the risk appetite, and is supported by:

The risk assessment as well as the risk committee follow-up actions are
key input for the internal audit plan. In return, key risk-management
outcomes are audited and audit findings feed back into the riskmanagement process.
Our Supervisory Board provides independent oversight of management's
response to critical risk areas and receives regular updates on risk
developments in several areas relevant to the business during the year. In
addition, the Audit Committee supports the Supervisory Board in fulfilling
its oversight responsibilities by focusing specifically on financial reporting,
internal controls, and risk management matters, as further detailed in
Chapter 21.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Three lines of defense model

Management Board

First line
of defense

Second line
of defense

Third line
of defense

Ownership &
management

Risk & control
functions

Independent
objective assurance

Business & operations
management

Oversight
functions

Internal
Audit

Risk culture
In line with our core values (We Care, We Innovate, We Deliver) and our
ACE behaviors, ASM strives for a culture of openness and transparency.
Our ACE behaviors are an integral part of our performance-evaluation
process. As part of our risk culture, we proactively discuss identified risks,
report unexpected events as soon as they occur, and identify clear followup improvement opportunities. This year, we further enhanced our risk
culture by launching a mandatory global training for all employees on key
risk management principles and the three lines of defense, reinforcing the
critical role of the first line in managing day‑to‑day risks and supporting a
strong control environment.

Risk categories and risk universe
In an ever-changing world, risks, opportunities, and uncertainties are part
of our operations. To stay ahead of what's next, we continuously monitor
the risk landscape to enable risk-informed decision-making and risk
mitigation in line with our risk appetite. The ASM risk universe (refer to
table on the right) is a top-down overview of the risks that may have a
material adverse impact on our ability to achieve our strategic objectives,
and forms the basis of our annual top-down risk assessment as well as our
quarterly risk updates. The risk universe is reviewed and updated annually
or more frequently when there are significant internal and/or external
developments.

Financial statements

Appendix

Our risk-management process is set up to facilitate a company-wide
understanding of the nature of these risks, the impact they may have on
our business, and the way they develop over time. These risks are not the
only ones we face and actively mitigate. Some risks may not yet be known
to us, and certain risks we do not currently believe to be material could
become material in the future.

ASM Annual Report 2025

Risk universe and risk appetite
Risk Category

Risk Universe

Strategy

Innovation

Appetite:

People

Cautious / Flexible

Competition

Risk appetite

Geopolitical

We deal with our risks in a way that aligns with the risk appetite
established by the Risk Committee and approved by the Management
Board. Risk appetite is defined as the level of risk we deem acceptable to
achieve our strategic objectives. ASM’s risk appetite is determined based
on the nature of the risk and specifies the total residual impact of the risks
ASM is willing to accept in pursuing its strategic objectives, and ranges
from open to averse. Aligned with our defined risk appetite, we apply a
corresponding level of assurance to each risk identified, enabling us to
develop appropriate comfort over the effectiveness of our risk and control
systems.

Intellectual property
Acquisitions
Customer performance and dependency
Industry change / market cyclicality
Operations

Critical engineering capabilities

Appetite:

R&D program execution

Cautious / Flexible

Product delivery
Product lifecycle
Manufacturing disruption
Supply chain disruption
Cybersecurity
IT operations
Environment, health & safety

Financial

Financial reporting

Appetite:

Liquidity

Averse / Minimalist

Foreign currency
Tax

Compliance

Laws & regulations

Appetite:

Contractual legal liability

Averse / Minimalist
Sustainability

Climate change

Appetite:

Product sustainability

Minimalist / Cautious

__

138

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Below we set out the main risks from our risk universe, together with the
risk appetite and responses by management. This list is not exhaustive.

Strategy
Appetite: Cautious/Flexible
The realization of our Growth through Innovation strategy may be impacted
by our ability to continuously innovate and stay ahead of competition in a
demanding and evolving technological environment.
For almost 60 years, innovation has been central to ASM. Our relentless
focus on advancing technology and on our customers positions us to
outperform the wafer fab equipment market and deliver on our strategic
objectives. To stay ahead of what's next, in 2025, Our Growth through
Innovation strategy was anchored in continuous investment in innovation:
• We have a global, networked R&D model to collaborate closely and early
with customers, industry partners and universities. In 2025, we invested
€498 million in adjusted gross R&D.
Our long-term strategic partnership with imec was renewed at the end
of 2025. In addition, we have reinforced our precursor screening and
chemistry simulation capabilities.
• To provide a solid foundation for future R&D expansion and support a
resilient semiconductor supply chain, we have expanded our
infrastructure in Dongtan, South Korea, made progress for our upcoming
facility in Scottsdale, Phoenix and have announced our intention to build
a new global headquarters and R&D campus in Almere, the Netherlands.
For more information on innovation, see chapter 12.

• Product intelligence holds immense potential, adding to the
differentiation of ASM's products. In 2025, we further expanded our
scope in R&D acceleration and high-volume manufacturing (HVM)
enhancement. For R&D acceleration, our scope is to accelerate time-tomarket by speeding up the new process/application development/
qualification, including chemistry screening and development. In HVM,
we focus on optimizing our tool uptime and improving our advanced
process control capability.
• Furthermore, insights from our control self-assessments highlighted
opportunities to strengthen our product delivery processes and improve
lead times for our customers.
Our People agenda drives the execution of ASM's strategy and remains
central to our success.

Financial statements

Appendix

• Attracting, retaining, and developing our diverse workforce remained a
strategic priority. In a competitive labor market, we focused on talent
engagement and development, fostering an inclusive and highperformance culture, and implementing strategic workforce planning.
• While successful in hiring top talent, we will strengthen retention by
offering clear career paths, competitive reward solutions, and
development opportunities alongside exposure to world-class technical
expertise. For more information, see chapter 17.
On our field services side, we launched a new technical-driven "career
ladder" to ensure we have the right people with the right capabilities in
the right roles.
• We expanded the technical career ladder program and executed
targeted hiring of technologists across multiple regions to strengthen
our expertise.
In parallel, we released the first phase of service products designed to
enhance customer performance. These innovative service products for
the field support increased precision and efficiency of our services,
enabling reductions in the cost of consumables and green-to-green cycle
times, while improving key performance metrics such as mean wafers
between preventive maintenance (MWBPM) and first time right (FTR) for
customers.
The global geopolitical environment, evolving export‑control regimes and
tariffs potentially continue to pose risks to our sales, field service activities,
and deployment of international knowledge workers. Export restrictions are
increasing, impacting our ability to sell and service systems in certain
jurisdictions and for certain customers. In addition, new restrictions could
be implemented and could impact the movement of certain of our
employees from certain nationalities across countries, and access to
certain technology. In parallel, broader industrial policies (e.g., CHIPS‑style
programs in the U.S. and the EU) are accelerating domestic capacity
build‑outs, which may fragment global R&D collaboration and alter
investment patterns over time.

• To mitigate these risks, we implemented workforce mobility planning,
closely monitored geopolitical developments, assessed potential tariff
implications, and took a proactive approach in engaging with national

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

139

governments to anticipate, interpret, and operationalize new and
proposed regulations.

Operations
Appetite: Cautious / Flexible
We may face challenges in maintaining product quality and seamless
operational execution while dealing with a competitive labor market,
capacity constraints, and supplier dependency.
In 2025, we focused on the following key elements to further mitigate our
key operational risks:
To increase our flexibility to deliver on projected revenue targets, we
have expanded our manufacturing site in Korea. In addition, we continue to
invest in flexible manufacturing capacity where expansion can be realized
via merge in transit and scaling efficiencies.
• In 2025, we established a new digital foundation after a successful big
bang go-live with new global ERP and PLM systems. These systems
enable improved productivity, real-time data analytics, and increased
benefits from AI.
• In addition to executing our processes to mitigate risk, our service team
continues to focus on technically driven solutions to add value to our
services and products. Our service teams continue to deliver outcomebased services and provide clear benefits to our customers such as
improved on-wafer performance, increased productivity, cost-reduction
roadmaps, and increased sustainability.
Suppliers that do not deliver on time or on specification may impact our
manufacturing and service processes.

• ASM relies on its suppliers to deliver the materials and parts we need in
the shortest possible time at the required quality to enable us to deliver
our solutions to customers. In 2025 we progressed on a range-based
inventory program, which is further improving part availability, enabling
our manufacturing and after-market support.
• Being able to support rapid changes in the business requires an agile
supply chain. Short lead times are a key part of that. In 2025, ASM saw
good progress reducing lead times as a result of initiated programs to
ensure raw materials and other gating items are available.
• An emerging risk related to our supply chain concerns the everchanging regulations related to restrictions on sales of certain products

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

and materials between certain countries. Additionally, there are risks of
certain goods and raw materials being restricted from export by certain
countries. ASM continues to evaluate its supply chain all the way down
to raw materials to make sure we use the right geographical sources to
maintain supply continuity for years to come.

Financial statements

Appendix

• ASM is continuously working to ensure compliance with evolving global
regulations such as GDPR, NIS 2, and the Cyber Resilience Act (CRA).
We have established protocols for the timely disclosure of material
cybersecurity incidents in accordance with applicable laws. Protecting
against these threats remains one of ASM’s highest priorities.

Cyber attacks may impact our operations and could lead to a loss of
intellectual property.

The integration of Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies into business
operations presents emerging risks that require careful management.

ASM operates in a high cyber-target industry and remains exposed to
evolving cybersecurity threats. Attack methods continue to grow in
sophistication, including emerging risks such as quantum computing, which
could render current cryptographic protocols obsolete, and artificial
intelligence, which may enable unauthorized information disclosure. A
successful cyberattack could disrupt operations, compromise data
integrity, and result in the loss of intellectual property, leading to revenue
loss, reputational harm, regulatory penalties, and market position erosion.

These risks include the potential exposure of sensitive information due to
the reliance on large volumes of data, as well as the possibility of
inaccurate or biased AI outputs that could lead to flawed decision-making,
operational disruptions, and reputational harm.

• Cybersecurity risk management is embedded within ASM’s enterprise
risk framework, with oversight by the Management Board. The ASM CIO
leads ASM’s cybersecurity strategy, while Global IP & Licensing
oversees intellectual property and physical security. These leaders
collaborate to ensure a harmonized global approach to protecting ASM’s
core assets.

• ASM employs a defense-in-depth strategy across people, processes,
and technology. Our controls include advanced detection mechanisms,
anti-malware and anti-phishing protection, identity threat prevention,
and 24/7 monitoring. We align our program with leading standards such
as ISO 27001 and NIST Cybersecurity Framework and conduct regular
vulnerability assessments and independent penetration testing.
Employees undergo continuous cybersecurity training and phishing
simulations to maintain vigilance.

To address these risks, we have established a robust AI governance
framework. This framework is built on clear ethical guidelines for
responsible and transparent AI use, aligned with industry standards and
regulatory requirements. It includes regular testing and validation of AI
models to ensure accuracy, fairness, and resilience, as well as strong data
protection measures such as encryption, access management, and secure
data handling practices. We continuously monitor global regulatory
developments to maintain compliance and proactively adapt internal
policies. Furthermore, ongoing employee training programs are in place to
raise awareness of AI risks and ethical practices, supported by defined
incident response protocols for rapid detection, escalation, and
remediation of AI-related issues. Through these measures, we aim to
leverage AI responsibly to enhance business performance while safeguarding
stakeholders and maintaining trust.

Financial
Appetite: Averse / Minimalist

• We actively monitor third-party cybersecurity posture and enforce data

Financial reporting risk: Risk that transactions and events are not
accurately recorded or reported in the consolidated financial statements,
resulting in material misstatements due to error or fraud.

transfer restrictions to mitigate supply chain risks. Cybersecurity is
integrated into ASM’s business continuity and disaster recovery
planning to ensure operational resilience. Incident response readiness is
tested through cyber-drills and supported by external assurance
activities. ASM also maintains cyber insurance coverage to help mitigate
potential financial impacts of significant cybersecurity events.

ASM recognizes that the integrity and reliability of its financial reporting
are fundamental to maintaining the trust of stakeholders and complying
with applicable financial reporting requirements. Financial reporting risks
may undermine the achievement of this objective if not adequately
managed.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

140

To address these risks, we performed a top‑down financial reporting risk
assessment, designed to identify, assess, and mitigate risks to reliable
financial reporting in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (EU-IFRS) and Title 9 of part 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. This
assessment was updated throughout the reporting period to reflect new
information, changes in the business or external environment, and
emerging risks, with a focus on significant accounts and disclosures in the
financial statements that presented a higher risk of material misstatement.
Where relevant risks were identified, we designed and maintained
appropriate preventive and detective control activities.
Through this structured and continuously evolving approach, it enables us
to ensure that financial reporting risks remain within the risk appetite and
that the financial statements present a true and fair view.
While liquidity risk, foreign currency risk, and tax risk were not
considered key financial risks for ASM in 2025, we disclose the exposure
to these risks in note 18 of the consolidated financial statements and
published a separate Tax Report on our website to provide relevant and
appropriate information to our stakeholders.

Compliance
Appetite: Averse / Minimalist
We face compliance risks arising mainly from trade restrictions.
The trade regulations implemented in 2025 have the potential to limit our
ability to:
1. support and grow the installed base of our current customers;
2. cultivate new customers both in China and other markets;
3. engage in some cross-border R&D; and
4. reduce our ability to leverage any Chinese vendors in our supply chain.
The restrictions are further compounded by new immigration
requirements that may limit our ability to attract and retain international
talent.
In 2025, we have invested and expanded our compliance function. We
have dedicated personnel engaging with national governments to
understand new and planned regulations, focused engagement with
global customs offices and officials, upgraded our compliance monitoring
systems and processes, and continued to expand our use of AI in areas
like the screening of our business partners and potential employees.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Sustainability
Appetite: Minimalist / Cautious
Climate risk: Disruptive impacts on ASM, its customers, and its supply
chain.
ASM acknowledges that climate change is a critical issue facing the entire
planet. This is why we are taking action to do our part to mitigate risks
posed by climate change. At the forefront of our efforts is enhanced
collaboration – climate change is a risk the whole planet faces, so we must
work together to face the challenges head on.
Following our initial climate-change risk assessment in 2022, we have
continuously been updating our strategies to try to address these
challenges. Our double materiality assessment has identified both climatechange adaptation and climate-change mitigation as important topics for
ASM. In 2025, ASM conducted a hotspot analysis across our entire real
estate portfolio of 53 locations, assessing each site against the full range
of 28 physical climate risks, including extreme heat, flooding, drought,
heavy precipitation, and tropical cyclones. This systematic assessment
provides a comprehensive overview of our global exposure to physical
climate risks. For details on which specific climate-change implications are
most critical to our organization, and how we are addressing these
challenges, see section 16.1. of this report.

Risk Management Statement
The Management Board is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal risk management and control systems. During the
financial year, the Management Board has assessed the design and
effectiveness of these systems, and the results have been discussed with
the Audit Committee, the Supervisory Board, and the external auditor.
Based on the outcome of our risk management and internal control
framework and with reference to Best Practice Provision 1.4.3 of the 2025
Dutch Corporate Governance Code, the Management Board confirms to
the best of its knowledge:
i. that the management report provides sufficient insights into major
failings in the effectiveness of the internal risk management and control
systems;

Financial statements

Appendix

ii. that these systems provide reasonable assurance that the financial
reporting does not contain material inaccuracies;
iii. that these systems provide limited assurance that the sustainability
statements in chapters 15 to 20 of this report do not contain material
inaccuracies;
iv. that the Management Board is not aware that the internal risk
management and control systems do not provide appropriate comfort
that, over financial year 2025, the operational and compliance risks
identified in this section were effectively managed considering ASM's
risk appetite; where "appropriate comfort" is to be read as: comfort
considering our risk appetite, the complexity of our enterprise, inherent
limitations to these systems and other disclosures on these systems in
our management report;
v. that, based on the current state of affairs, it is justified that the financial
reporting is prepared on a going concern basis; and
vi. that the management report states the material risks, as referred to in
best practice provision 1.2.1, and the uncertainties, to the extent that
they are relevant to the expectation of the company’s continuity for a
period of twelve months after the preparation of the report.
Due to inherent limitations to risk management and control systems, the
above does not imply that these systems and procedures provide absolute
certainty as to the realization of strategic, operations, compliance and
reporting objectives, nor that they can prevent all misstatements,
inaccuracies, fraud, operational issues, and non-compliance with laws and
regulations.
While the company continuously works towards improving its processes
and procedures, these systems cannot provide absolute certainty that all
risks have been identified or are effectively managed. The level of
certainty that may be provided is influenced by, among other things,
inherent limitations to risk management, business considerations such as
the company's risk appetite, the complexity of the company's operations,
and the dynamic nature of the business environment.
Certain risks remain outside the company's direct control, as they depend
on third parties or external circumstances beyond the company's influence.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

141

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

142

26. Remuneration report1
26.1 Message of the Chair
2025 was a year of strong performance and important
groundwork for ASM’s future growth. Alongside record
financial results, we strengthened our leadership,
operating model, and remuneration framework, ensuring
continued alignment between strategy, performance, and
long‑term value creation for our shareholders.

Dear shareholders,
On behalf of the Nomination, Selection & Remuneration (NSR) Committee, I
am pleased to present the 2025 Remuneration report, which provides a
summary of the remuneration policies for the Management Board and the
Supervisory Board, as well as an explanation of how these were applied in
2025.

2025: A year of laying foundations for scalable growth
Beyond delivering strong results, 2025 marked a pivotal year in which we
began (re)shaping the organization and strengthening our readiness for
future growth and opportunities at ASM. Ongoing investments in talent,
innovation, and our global footprint ensure we are well positioned to seize
future growth opportunities.
In 2025, Mr. Paul Verhagen was reappointed as CFO for a two-year term at
the Annual General Meeting. In December 2025, the Supervisory Board
announced its intention to nominate Mr. Hichem M'Saad for reappointment
as CEO for a four-year term, to be resolved upon at the Annual General
Meeting on May 11, 2026. These decisions underscore ASM's commitment
to leadership continuity and execution of our strategy. We recognize that
retaining experienced leadership is critical for delivering long-term value
creation and navigating a very competitive global market. We introduced
fundamental changes to our operating model and leadership structures,
thereby laying the foundations for future growth.

1

Didier Lamouche
Chair of the
Nomination,
Selection and
Remuneration
(NSR) Committee

That said, the war for talent and leadership in our industry remains more
intense than ever. The evolving geopolitical landscape adds further
complexity to this challenge. Combined, these developments have a
significant impact on our remuneration policies and their application. The
NSR committee and the Supervisory Board will continue to monitor the
situation closely and further strengthen and adjust our governance

structures and remuneration frameworks as required (subject to
shareholders' approval), to ensure we remain well positioned to attract and
retain top talent in the market.

Strong results amid mixed market conditions
Despite geopolitical uncertainties and trade restrictions impacting parts of
our business, ASM delivered another year of strong financial performance.
Revenue grew by 12% at constant currencies, reaching a new record high
of €3.2 billion. Gross margin also increased to a very strong level of 51.8%.
Free cash flow, adjusted for M&A expenses, reached record levels, and our
Investor Day reaffirmed ASM’s long-term ambition: revenue to grow at a
CAGR of at least 12% to €5.7 billion by 2030, with solid operating margins
of more than 30%. ASM continued to deliver value to its shareholders
through dividends and return excess capital through share buybacks.
In light of these results, I am very proud to share that the 2023 long-term
incentive (LTI) grant reached near maximum levels of achievement,
reflecting the significant value creation for our shareholders since 2023.
The 2025 short-term incentive (STI) realization appropriately reflects
performance across both financial and non‑financial dimensions. Financial
targets were set at an ambitious level, and performance remained robust
despite difficult market conditions, resulting in an overall realization above
target. Performance against non‑financial measures was also strong,
particularly in the areas of Planet and Safety. Together, these outcomes
demonstrate the discipline applied in setting ambitious yet realistic targets,
focused execution, and continued alignment of rewards with performance.

Remuneration policy for the Management Board applied in 2025
The remuneration policy for the Management Board adopted in 2023
remained unchanged in 2025. STI targets for 2025 were set around
financial metrics (revenues, EBIT, free cash flow) and strategic nonfinancial objectives. LTI grants for 2025 were based on revenue growth

¹ Figures labelled as ‘adjusted’ or percentages presented ‘at constant currencies’ are non‑IFRS measures. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the table at the end of section 10.1, and
definitions can be found in Chapter 34, ‘Non‑IFRS financial performance measures’. Free cash flow is a non-IFRS performance measure. It is calculated as cash flows from operating activities after
investing activities.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

versus WFE market, EBIT margin, and relative TSR as a modifier. We
continued to enhance disclosure on performance measures and outcomes,
responding to shareholder feedback for greater clarity while safeguarding
commercially sensitive information.

• Reviewing our Long-Term Incentive (LTI) target levels to be competitive

Remuneration Report 2025

•

The Remuneration report for the financial year 2024 was submitted to the
2025 Annual General Meeting for an advisory vote, with 85.8% of the votes
cast in favor.

•

•

•
ASM is committed to increasing the level of transparency and disclosure of
targets with due consideration for business-sensitive (commercial and/or
strategic) information, especially given the nature of our market and
competitive landscape. These considerations were therefore taken into
account in preparing this year’s remuneration report. The report continues
to follow the same straightforward structure we implemented last year and
brings together all relevant information on remuneration for the
Management Board and the Supervisory Board in one place.
We trust that this structure and way of reporting continue to satisfy all our
shareholders.

Outlook
The Supervisory Board and NSR Committee strongly believe that retaining,
motivating, and appropriately incentivizing the CEO and leadership team is
critical for ASM’s continued growth trajectory and long-term value creation
for shareholders. We require sustained innovation, disciplined execution,
and responsible leadership to drive sustainable long‑term value creation.
Execution of this agenda depends heavily on leadership capability and
continuity. The semiconductor equipment industry is highly specialized,
and the scarcity of leadership talent with deep technical, operational, and
strategic expertise is increasing.
Given this context, the Supervisory Board will propose several targeted
enhancements to the remuneration policy for the Management Board to
the Annual General Meeting on May 11, 2026. These enhancements are
intended to apply with retrospective effect as of January 1, 2026. Some of
the key targeted enhancements relate to:

in the talent market, while being aligned with sustainable long-term
value creation for our shareholders.
Reviewing our short-term incentive (STI) target levels to strengthen pay
for performance while having a clear focus on annual execution.
Increasing our share ownership guideline level to reinforce alignment
with shareholder interests.
Increasing transparency with enhanced ex-ante and ex-post
disclosures.
Reinforcing accountability and mitigating risks through strengthened
malus and claw-back provisions.

Additionally, as always, the NSR committee and Supervisory Board will
continue to monitor trends in the labor market and our (internal and
external) business environment. We will continue to focus on providing fair
and competitive remuneration, ensuring the right balance between fixed
and variable pay, and appropriate pay in line with business performance.
All of this is done with the interests of the company, our shareholders, and
other stakeholders in mind.
Once again this year, in line with a practice institutionalized more than five
years ago, we engaged with our major stakeholders to make sure that we
capture any insights, potential concerns, and valuable market practices
that may require us to review and refine elements of our policy and
practices. The NSR Committee and the Supervisory Board will be actively
involved, working together with the Management Board to strengthen the
company’s business processes and further develop succession plans for
critical leadership roles. Finally, we will also propose changes to the
remuneration policy for the Supervisory Board, as well as to the
remuneration of the Supervisory Board and its committees, to bring these
in line with market practice.
As always, I’d like to thank my colleagues in the NSR Committee for the
intensive and fruitful discussions over the past year, and for their support
in ensuring our remuneration practices remain aligned with stakeholder
expectations and continue to support the company's continued success.
Didier Lamouche
March 12, 2026
Chair of NSR Committee

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

143

26.2 Management Board remuneration policy
2023 policy applied in 2025
ASM's remuneration policy for the Management Board was adopted by the
AGM on May 15, 2023. The 2023 integral version of ASM's remuneration
policy for the Management Board can be found on our website.
As ASM’s remuneration philosophy for the Management Board is to
incentivize and reward performance, while ensuring retention, motivation,
competitiveness and fairness, the purpose of the remuneration policy for
ASM's Management Board is to provide compensation that:

• motivates and rewards executives with balanced and competitive
remuneration, in line with their role and responsibilities;

• allows ASM to attract, reward, and retain highly qualified executives
with the required background, skills and experience to implement ASM's
strategy in a global, fairly concentrated, highly competitive, and
dynamic industry where the main competitors are much larger
companies from the United States and Asia;
• ensures that short-term operational results and sustainable long-term
value creation are balanced;
• is transparent, fair, and reasonable, and aligns with the interests of
ASM, shareholders, and other stakeholders in the medium- and longterm to deliver sustainable performance in line with ASM's strategy,
purpose, and values; and
• leads to internally consistent pay levels considering other remuneration
programs and conditions for all employees.

Overview of policy components
The aim of the remuneration policy for the Management Board is to
support the company’s overall performance and sustainable long-term
value creation in a highly dynamic and competitive environment, by
directly linking remuneration to our strategy, mission, and vision. The
remuneration policy for the Management Board is summarized in the table
below.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

144

Summary of 2023 remuneration policy for the Management Board (applied in 2025)
Remuneration element and its purpose

Design and link to strategy

Value

Total Direct Compensation (TDC)
Basis for benchmark against remuneration
peer group (more details on remuneration
peer group later in this section)

Market positioning for TDC is based on market median position for Target Total Cash (TTC, base salary plus STI) complemented with a
long-term incentive that is based on differentiated market levels per geographical location, as defined for each member of the
Management Board (Europe, and rest of the world, and the US) based upon the remuneration peer group.

Value of respective items is specified in the rest of the table.

Base salary (fixed remuneration)
Basic pay for the job responsibilities of
each Management Board position

• Base salary for the members of the Management Board is derived from the outcome of the benchmark analysis.
• The Supervisory Board reviews base salary on an annual basis and can, at their discretion, apply an annual increase to the base

In assessing the evolution of total compensation, the Supervisory Board considers multiple quantitative and qualitative factors. These
include the positioning of compensation against a benchmark of comparable companies, changes in the scope and complexity of the
role, and the company’s development in terms of scale and business model complexity (ASM almost doubled in size in the past five
years), notably through the addition of multiple product lines. The Supervisory Board also takes into account the impact of acquisitions
and the effects of geopolitical developments, which have materially increased the complexity of operating the business.

salary based on market movement as well as adjustments made by the remuneration peer group and overall sustained performance.

Annualized amounts:
• CEO: €759,700
• CFO: €604,800
Reflecting base salary as per December 31, 2025
For details and explanation, refer to Section 26.3

Short-term incentive (STI)
Aligning annual business objectives and
long-term strategy to drive pay for
performance

• Performance is measured against pre-set performance criteria, both financial and non-financial, as determined by the Supervisory
•
•
•

Board at the beginning of the financial year.
Performance criteria and targets are defined by the Supervisory Board and may vary per year (depending on the specific focus that
the Supervisory Board wants to have in the year) and per member of the Management Board.
The financial performance criteria (aggregated relative weight in principle 75%) may include among other measures: Revenue
measures, margin measures, return measures and/or cash flow measures.
The non-financial indicators (aggregated relative weight in principle 25%) are set in accordance with ASM's long-term plan and are
based on the required strategic focus. They may include, among others: ESG measures, operational measures, strategic measures,
customer measures and/or leadership measures.

• CEO: ‘at target’ up to 125% of annual base salary, with a maximum up to 187.5%
(i.e. 150% of the target incentive level, i.e. stretch level).

• Other members of the Management Board: 'at-target' up to 80% of annual base
salary, with a maximum up to 120% (i.e. 150% of the target incentive level).

• Performance targets are defined at ‘target’ level (representing the expected

•

nominal level of performance), ‘threshold’ level (below which performance is
deemed insufficient and hence triggers ‘zero’ pay-out for these criteria), and
‘stretch’ level (representing exceptional level of performance awarding
maximum level of pay-out).
For 2025, the following target incentive levels were applied: 100% of base
salary for the CEO and 80% of base salary for the CFO.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

145

Remuneration element and its purpose

Design and link to strategy

Value

Long-term incentive (LTI)
Reward long-term value creation and
enhance alignment of the long-term
interests of the Management Board with
those of the company and shareholders

• Performance-based share plan providing conditional rights to receive a specified number of ASM shares after a three-year cliff-

• The target level of the LTI is differentiated for Management Board members

•
•

•
•
•

•

vesting period, subject to the achievement of predetermined performance conditions and continued employment at the vesting date.
Performance shares are granted in April of each year and the number of performance shares granted for ‘on-target’ performance is
determined by the Supervisory Board at the beginning of the new three-year performance period.
ASM applies a face-value approach to define the number of shares to be granted, which is calculated as follows: Target level
(calculated based on annual base salary) divided by the average share price of ASM on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange on
the award date and the following four consecutive days (in accordance with the LTI policy). The award date is immediately following
the date of the announcement of the first quarter financial results in April for the year the award takes place.
Performance indicators are set for the duration of the remuneration policy and are revenue growth compared to market (WFE) and
average EBIT percentage measured over a three-year performance period. Both performance measures are equally weighted (50%
each).
It should be noted that WFE is a publicly available indicator, ASM publishes its revenue every quarter, and the EBIT progression
roadmap is in line with long-term goals as communicated publicly to the market at the Investor Day, thereby providing a high level of
transparency.
In addition, a relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) indicator is applied as a modifier to the results. Based on relative TSR
performance against the TSR peer group (as described later in this section), vesting will be adjusted. The modifier increases vesting
by 35% if the ranking is in the top quartile of the peer group and decreases vesting by 35% if the ranking is in the bottom quartile,
with straight line interpolation between the 25th and 75th percentiles. Vesting is only positively adjusted where TSR performance is
above the median of the peer group.
Members of the Management Board are required to hold the vested performance shares for two years (‘Holding Period’) after the
vesting date. However, they are allowed to sell a part of the unconditional shares at the moment of vesting for tax purposes.

•

based on geographical location of the respective individuals, whereby
distinction is made between Management Board members in Europe (and rest
of the world) and the US. This differentiation reflects the need to ensure
competitiveness and alignment with prevailing compensation practices in the
respective local markets:
– Up to 200% of annual base salary 'at target' for Management Board
members in Europe (and rest of the world other than US), with an overall
maximum up to 200% of target.
– Up to 450% of annual base salary 'at target' for Management Board
members in the US, with an overall maximum of 200% of target.
– This percentage applies when (i) the working location or contractual terms
of the Management Board member is the US, at the moment of hiring or
internal promotion or (ii) when a Management Board candidate, employed
outside the US, has an existing employment contract that is US homebased (expat conditions).
For 2025, the following on-target grant levels were applied: 450% of annual
base salary for the CEO (US-reference) and 160% for the CFO (Europereference).

Share Ownership Guidelines (SOG)
Aligning reward with the interests of
stakeholders and emphasizing confidence in
performance and strategy of ASM

• Members of the Management Board are required to hold ASM shares.
• All vested shares granted under ASM share-based compensation plans and any shares privately purchased are considered.

• Minimum shareholder requirement is at least twice the base salary as

Pension and other elements
Post-retirement and other benefits create
alignment with market practice

• Management Board members are entitled to pension and fringe benefits or perquisites such as a company car (or allowance),

• Pension contributions in relation to Dutch terms and conditions are age

•
•
•
•

representation and expense allowance, and medical, disability, and other insurance, in line with local market practice.
Additional benefits and allowances may be applicable in case of relocation or international assignment.
Members of the Management Board, as part of the Dutch terms and conditions, are given the opportunity to participate in a defined
contribution plan for their salary up to the fiscal maximum (2025: €137,800).
For the salary above this maximum, members of the Management Board are compensated with an amount equal to the agedependent employer pension contribution. The members of the Management Board have the option to participate in a net pension
plan offered by the company or to have the compensation paid out in cash.
In the case of US terms and conditions, members of the Management Board are eligible to participate in the company’s US 401(k)
retirement plan under the same terms and conditions as US-based employees. This includes the ability to make pre‑tax, post-tax,
Roth and/or catch-up contributions. Employer matching is available in accordance with the plan rules.

measured at the start of each financial year.

dependent and vary from 7.2% to 28.4% of the pensionable salary.

• Members of the Management Board contribute 4.6% of their pensionable
salary, and ASM pays the remaining part.

• CEO only: the 401(k) contributions, in relation to US terms and conditions,
include a pre-tax contribution and a catch-up contribution, which ASM
matches to a max of 4.5%.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Remuneration peer group
The remuneration peer group in principle consists of companies from
which ASM could hire talent or to which it could lose employees. These
companies are selected based on industry comparability (complexity and
geographical span), size (revenue and headcount), labor-market
competition, and comprises a mix of European (two-thirds) and US (onethird) companies. Market capitalization is considered only a secondary
factor. The peer group includes the following 17 companies:

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

146

Policy to be applied in 2026

CEO target performance
in %

The Supervisory Board will propose several targeted enhancements to the
remuneration policy for the Management Board to the Annual General
Meeting on May 11, 2026. These enhancements are intended to apply with
retrospective effect as of January 1, 2026. In relation to 2026 STI and LTI
plans for the Management Board, the Supervisory Board has decided on
the following:

15

STI 2026 Performance Year
Aixtron SE, ams Osram AG, Applied Materials Inc, ASML Holding NV, BE
Semiconductor Industries NV, Entegris Inc, Infineon Technologies AG, KLA
Corp, Koninklijke KPN NV, Lam Research Corp, MKS Instruments Inc, NXP
Semiconductors NV, Siltronic AG, SMA Solar Technology, Soitec SA,
Teradyne Inc, and VAT Group AG.

The financial metrics for the STI plan in performance year 2026 will be the
same as in 2025, with a total weightage of 75%, comprising Sales (30%),
EBIT (30%), and free cash flow (15%).
85

TSR peer group
The TSR peer group comprises companies that are comparable to ASM on
the following criteria: industry (same and/or adjacent industry provided the
company operates in the same industry cycle), geographic focus, size,
share-price correlation and volatility, and market cap. Currently, the TSR
peer group consists of the following 21 companies that have been selected
by the Supervisory Board, based on these criteria:

Fixed remuneration

CFO target performance
in %

The graphs below show the relative levels of fixed and variable
remuneration for ‘at target’ performance level for the members of the
Management Board:
Overall, the ‘at risk’ portion of the annual compensation is 85% for the CEO
position and 71% for the CFO position.

LTI 2026-2029 Performance Cycle
The metrics for the LTI plan in performance cycle 2026-2029 will be (i)
Revenue growth compared to the WFE industry (50%), (ii) EBIT % (50%),
and (iii) relative TSR (+/-35% adjustment) as a modifier.

Aixtron SE, Alphawave IP Group PLC, ams Osram AG, Applied Materials Inc,
ASML Holding NV, BE Semiconductor Industries NV, Entegris Inc,
Globalfoundries Inc, Infineon Technologies AG, KLA Corp, Lam Research
Corp, MKS Instruments Inc, NXP Semiconductors NV, Siltronic AG, Soitec
SA, STMicroelectronics NV, SUESS MicroTec SE, Teradyne Inc, Tokyo
Electron Ltd, VAT Group AG and X-FAB Silicon Foundries EV.

Pay mix for Management Board members

Variable remuneration

The non-financial metrics will carry a total weightage of 25%; comprising
(i) Sustainability / Planet (5%), as ASM remains committed to being
responsible stewards of the planet and its resources; (ii) Safety (5%), as it
remains important to maintain focus on this aspect, even though ASM is
doing very well in this area; and (iii) Design wins in critical spaces (15%), as
ASM aspires to penetrate in certain innovative product segments to
support its growth ambitions.

29

71

Fixed remuneration

Variable remuneration

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

26.3 Remuneration of the Management Board in 2025
The 2025 Remuneration report refers to ASM's remuneration policy for the
Management Board as outlined in section 26.2.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

147

Total remuneration of Management Board
The following table provides an overview of the 2025 remuneration
elements in € thousands for the CEO and the CFO, as recognized by the
company.

The remuneration of the Management Board for the 2025 financial year
reflects the implementation of, and complies with, the 2023 remuneration
policy for the Management Board.
1

2

Fixed remuneration (K€)
Name of director

Base salary
2025

H. M'Saad

1,2

P.A.H. Verhagen
Total

3

4

5

6

Variable remuneration (K€)
Short-term cash incentive
(STI)

Fringe benefits
2024

2025

734

791

605

595

1,339

1,386

Share-based payment
expenses (LTI)3

Pension expense (K€)

Other items (K€)

Total remuneration (K€)

Proportion of fixed and
variable remuneration

2025

2025

2024

2024

2025

2024

2025

2024

2025

2024

2025

2024

2024

44

87

882

1,000

3,950

1,864

108

69

-

-

5,718

3,811

18 %

33 %

56

48

522

656

1,393

1,127

102

95

-

-

2,678

2,521

40 %

41 %

100

135

1,404

1,656

5,343

2,991

210

164

-

-

8,396

6,332

1

CTO since May 16, 2022 and CEO since May 13, 2024. The amounts shown reflect his remuneration during his MB membership.

2

The amount for 2024 also includes the payout of accrued vacation hours in the US up to the appointment as CEO.

3

The remuneration reported as part of the LTI (share awards) is based on costs incurred under accounting values EU-IFRS. The costs of share awards are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss over the three-year vesting period based on the number of awards
expected to vest. For the first year we account at target, subsequently we apply the estimated number of share awards, and in the final performance year of the awards we update this estimate to the best estimated number of awards which are anticipated to vest.

Explanation of the table
1. Fixed remuneration
(1.1) Base salary is the fixed annual gross salary. The salary for the CEO,
Mr. M'Saad, was set at €710,000 upon his appointment in May 2024, for
his first and initial term as CEO. In light of the strong performance delivered
in the second half of 2024, the growth of the company, the quality of
transformation of the leadership team, and the successful introduction of
new products, the Supervisory Board determined it appropriate to align the
base salary of Mr. M'Saad closer to the median of the peer group. Hence, a
salary increase of 7% was implemented as of April 1, 2025, thereby setting
his base salary at €759,700 from this date. The base salary of the CFO, Mr.
Verhagen, remained unchanged in 2025 at €604,800.

2. Variable remuneration
(2.1) Short-term incentive (STI). Each year, a short-term incentive can be
earned based on achieving specific challenging targets. The short-term
incentive recognizes three levels: threshold, on-target, and stretch. The
target level is generally aligned with the budget as reviewed and approved
by the Supervisory Board. The target performance level represents the
expected performance in a performance year. Achievement at target level
results in a payout of 100%. The stretch level is set to promote extraperformance and results in 150% payout. If the performance does not meet
the threshold level, the minimum performance level, the related part of the
bonus will be zero. If the actual realization is between threshold and ontarget or between on-target and stretch, the payout will be based on the
relative deviation against these levels.

(1.2) Fringe benefits represent the value of benefits and perquisites awarded,
such as a company car, a representation and expense allowance, the
premium for health and disability insurance, and social-security contributions.

The targets were 75% based on company financial targets (equally divided
between revenue, EBIT, and free cash flow) and 25% based on nonfinancial targets (consisting of targets related to sustainability, safety,

people, and organizational effectiveness in 2025). The non-financial,
strategic targets were aligned with ASM’s key strategic priorities in a
performance year.
STI realization 2025
The strong financial performance in 2025 resulted in a payout above target
level (107.5%) for the financial objectives. Performance on the non‑financial
objectives varied by objective, with outcomes ranging from close to target
to stretch. In particular, performance on the Safety objective was
exceptional. Based on a review of multiple external benchmark studies, we
can conclude that the company achieved industry best‑in‑class results in
this area. Very intentional leadership focus and ownership, consistent and
disciplined approach to safety awareness across the organization were key
contributors to this outcome, resulting in a stretch-level achievement and a
payout of 150%. For the Sustainability / Planet objective, overall payout
was slightly above target (109%). Strong performance was delivered in two

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

components of this objective, namely Product Energy Footprint Reduction
and Energy Savings and Generation across the company’s main locations.
The third component, focused on advancing the sustainability roadmap
with suppliers, achieved just above threshold level, which moderated the
overall outcome.
For the CEO, Mr. M’Saad, performance against the People and
Organization objective was scored at stretch (150%). This reflects strong
delivery against the objective, which focused on building a fit-for-future
organization, including strengthening executive leadership capability,
enabling the company to scale, and further accelerating organizational
capabilities. The overall STI realization for Mr. M’Saad for 2025 stands at
116% (rounded), resulting in a payout of € 881,899.
For the CFO, Mr. Verhagen, performance against the People and
Organization objective was scored near target (90%). This objective
focused on strengthening functional capability, including in-depth
expertise leadership, processes, and systems. Performance against the
TRANS4M! objective, which relates to S4/HANA implementation, was
assessed at target (100%), reflecting the successful go-live in July 2025,
achieved within the agreed timeline of September 2025. The overall STI
realization for Mr. Verhagen for 2025 stands at 108% (rounded), resulting in
a total payout of € 521,750.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

148

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

149

STI performance measures
STI realization 2025:

Financials (Total weight: 75%)
Targets in accordance with budget as approved by Supervisory Board in December 2024
Average result:
Sales (Weight: 25%)

107.5%

Revenue achievement (actual revenue recalculated at budget currency).

9 consecutive years of double-digit growth in
Sales
EBIT (Weight: 25%)

EBIT excluding M&A and related PPA amortization.

Record year for EBIT outcome
Free cash flow (Weight: 25%)

Net cash flow from operating activities after investment activities, excluding M&A-related cash payments and ASMPT dividends.

Record achievement in Free cash flow
adjusted for M&A
Non-financials (Total weight: 25%)
Average result:

CEO: 141.7%
CFO: 108.7%

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

150

STI realization 2025:

Sustainability/Planet (Weight: 5%
for CEO and CFO)
Threshold:

Target:

Stretch:

1. Product energy footprint

1. Product energy footprint

1. Product energy footprint

• 2% average reduction on product equivalent
energy/wafer with contingent GHG emissions as
measured against 2023

2. Energy savings and generation

• Dongtan 2* achieves LEED Silver rating
• Deliver 0.25 GWh/yr annualized energy savings/
generation from all ASM sites/onsite renewable
energy generation

3. Supply chain enablement

• 3% average reduction on product equivalent
energy/wafer with contingent GHG emissions as
measured against 2023

2. Energy savings and generation

• Dongtan 2 achieves LEED Gold+ rating
• Deliver 0.5 GWh/yr annualized energy savings/
generation from all ASM sites/onsite renewable
energy generation

3. Supply chain enablement

• 3.5% average reduction on product equivalent
energy/wafer with contingent GHG as measured
against 2023

2. Energy savings and generation

• Dongtan 2 achieves LEED Gold+ rating
• Deliver 0.75 GWh/yr annualized energy savings/
generation from all ASM sites/onsite renewable
energy generation

3. Supply chain enablement

1. Product energy footprint

• Various energy-reduction initiatives
contributed to an above stretch realization
on this objective (150% payout)
2. Energy Savings and Generation

• Dongtan 2 achieved LEED Gold+
certification and energy savings and
generation performed between above
target (106% payout)
3. Supply chain enablement

• Suppliers that represent >25% of total spend have • Suppliers that represent ≥30% of total spend have • Suppliers that represent ≥40% of total spend have • Just above threshold performance on
set a goal (or commitment) of 50% reduction in
their Scope 1/2 GHG emission by 2030

set a goal (or commitment) of 50% reduction in
their Scope 1/2 GHG emission by 2030

set a goal (or commitment) of 50% reduction in
their Scope 1/2 GHG emission by 2030

driving the sustainability roadmap with our
suppliers (71% payout)

*New manufacturing facility in Korea

Safety (weight: 5% for CEO and
CFO)

TRANS4M!
(weight: 7.5% for CFO only)

Number of recordable injuries per 100 FTE during the reporting year in accordance with OSHA guidelines
Threshold:

Target:

Stretch:

Recordable injury rate ≤ 0.19

Recordable injury rate ≤ 0.17

Recordable injury rate ≤ 0.14

Industry best-in-class recordable injury rate
leading to an above stretch performance

Three-year program transforming and enhancing ASM’s global business processes through the upgrade of ASM’s enterprise systems.
Threshold:

Target:
Go-live Teamcenter Phase 1 and S4/HANA by end of
September 2025

Stretch:

Successful go-live in July 2025

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

151

STI realization 2025:

People and Organization
(weight: 7.5% for CFO only)

People and Organization
(weight: 15% for CEO only)

To shape in-depth finance leadership, organization, and teams capable to scale and lead a high-growth company

Threshold:

Target:

• Define fit-for-future operating model at scale
• Define succession plan for critical positions

In addition to threshold
• Accelerate implementation of succession planning
for critical positions
• Raise the bar for financial processes and systems

Stretch:

In addition to target

• Implement, at full scope, the fit-for-future
operating model

Defined fit-for-future operating model and
solid start of implementation in 2025.
Strengthened in-depth expertise leadership
through rigorous succession and
development planning

To shape leadership, organization and teams capable to scale and lead a high-growth company

Threshold:

Target:

• Define senior executive organization and

In addition to threshold
• Strengthen executive leadership capability for
future scale through impactful leadership
appointments

leadership blueprint

(2.2) Share-based payments or long-term incentives (LTI). This is a multiyear variable payment representing the value of a performance share
award that becomes unconditional following a three‑year performance
period. At the end of 2025, the three-year performance period for the
2023 performance share award concluded. The unconditional award
reflects performance against the revenue growth relative to the market
and average EBIT targets set in 2023. In addition, relative TSR
performance, as determined at the time of the 2023 grant, is applied to
determine the vesting levels of the unconditional award.
Revenue growth is communicated publicly on a quarterly basis and after
each calendar year and can be compared with a publicly available index
(WFE industry growth), ensuring transparent disclosure of both the
measure and its achievement. Performance on relative TSR is also
transparent, given the ex-ante disclosure of the peer group and publicly
available information. The EBIT progression roadmap is aligned with longterm goals as communicated publicly to the market at the Investor Day. As

Stretch:

In addition to target

• Lay down foundation of multi-year SCALE up
program, including an accelerated company-wide
digitalization roadmap

information on EBIT achievement is considered commercially sensitive,
ASM therefore discloses achievement only relative to target.
As of the end of 2025, the three-year performance period of the
performance shares granted on April 26, 2023 to Mr. M'Saad (8.099
shares) and to Mr. Verhagen (2,583 shares), has come to an end. Over the
three-year performance period, ASM's revenue growth (21%) outperformed
the WFE market indicator (5%), resulting in an achievement of 150% on this
measure. Performance on EBIT % was very close to the stretch level,
reaching a level of 27.8% and resulting in an actual achievement of 146%
on this metric too. ASM clearly delivered a strong EBIT performance. On
the relative TSR modifier, ASM scored in high third quartile (71st percentile),
resulting in a multiplier of +30% on both the performance conditions.

Delivered strongly against objectives, with a
clear focus on key drivers required to build a
fit-for-future organization

Relative TSR modifier details

Overall, this results in a vesting percentage of 192% for the performance
shares on April 26, 2026.

Outstanding performance shares
For 2025, based on the remuneration policy for the Management Board,
the Supervisory Board awarded the following on-target values to:
• Mr. M'Saad, CEO: €3,418,521 (7,827 shares)
• Mr. Verhagen, CFO: €967,860 (2,216 shares)
The following table shows the outstanding performance shares granted to
members of the Management Board up until and including 2025, and held
by members of the Management Board as per December 31, 2025:

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Management
Board member

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Grant date

Status

Number of shares at
grant date

1

Apr 21, 2022

Conditional

P.A.H. Verhagen 1

Apr 26, 2023

Conditional

P.A.H. Verhagen 1

Apr 24, 2024

Conditional

P.A.H. Verhagen

P.A.H. Verhagen

ASM Annual Report 2025

Performance
adjustment

Vested in 2025

2,204

1,102

2,583

2,377

1,620

__

152

Outstanding
December 31, 2025

Fair value at grant
date

(3,036)

-

€313.72

Apr 21, 2025

Apr 21, 2027

-

4,960

€311.47

Apr 27, 2026

Apr 27, 2028

-

-

1,620

€581.81

Apr 24, 2027

Apr 24, 2029

Vesting date

End of holding period

Apr 30, 2025

Conditional

2,216

-

-

2,216

€436.76

Apr 28, 2028

Apr 28, 2030

H. M'Saad 2

Apr 26, 2023

Conditional

8,099

7,454

-

15,553

€311.47

Apr 27, 2026

Apr 27, 2028

H. M'Saad

2

Apr 24, 2024

Conditional

5,349

-

-

5,349

€581.81

Apr 24, 2027

Apr 24, 2029

H. M'Saad 2

Apr 30, 2025

Conditional

7,827

-

-

7,827

€436.76

Apr 28, 2028

Apr 28, 2030

29,898

10,933

(3,036)

37,525

1

Total
¹ CFO since June 1, 2021.
² CTO since May 16, 2022 and CEO since May 13, 2024.

The shares will become unconditional after three years, depending on
whether predetermined targets are achieved or not.
3. Pension
As of 2015, members of the Management Board no longer participate in the
industry-wide pension fund. They have opted to participate in a defined
contribution plan for their full-time salary up to €137,800. ASM reimburses
an amount equal to the employer pension contribution for their full-time
salary above this amount. Members of the Management Board can opt
either to participate in a net pension plan offered by the company or to
have the cost for participating paid out directly. Pension contributions vary
from 7.2% to 28.4% of the pensionable salary, depending on age. Members
of the Management Board contribute 4.6% of their pensionable salary, and
ASM pays the remaining part. There are no arrangements regarding early
retirement. Mr. M’Saad continued his participation in the US 401(k)
retirement savings plan for his salary that is being paid out in the US.

4. Other items
Non-recurring items, which represent in 2024 an additional payroll tax to
the company due to the vesting of already granted shares in previous
years related to Mr. Loh’s departure as CEO as per the AGM of May 13,
2024, subject to article 32bb of the Dutch Wage Tax Act, including the
pro-rated ‘at target’ payout of Mr. Loh’s short-term incentive over 2024.
5. Total remuneration
Value equals sum of 1, 2, 3, and 4 as described above.
6. Proportion of fixed and variable remuneration
• (6.1) The relative proportion of fixed remuneration: By dividing the sum
of fixed components (column 1, column 4, and the fixed part of the
pension expenses in column 3) by the amount of total remuneration
(column 5), multiplied by 100.
• (6.2) The relative proportion of variable remuneration: By dividing the
sum of the variable components (column 2 and the variable part of the
pension expense in column 3, if any) by the amount of total
remuneration (column 5), multiplied by 100.

Management services agreements
All members of the Management Board have a management services
agreement with ASM or one of its related subsidiaries, in accordance with
Dutch law.
• Mr. M'Saad joined the Management Board on May 16, 2022, for a fouryear term. At the 2024 AGM, he was appointed as CEO until the AGM in
2026.
• Mr. Verhagen joined the Management Board on June 1, 2021, and was
originally appointed for a four-year term. At the AGM on May 12, 2025,
he was reappointed for a two-year term, running until the AGM in May
2027, when he plans to retire.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

All management services agreements with members of the Management
Board contain specific provisions regarding benefits upon termination of
those agreements. If ASM gives notice of termination of the agreement for
reasons which are not exclusively or mainly found in acts or omissions on
the side of the Management Board member or in case of a termination of
the agreement of a Management Board member with mutual consent
between such Management Board member and the company, the member
of the Management Board is eligible for a severance payment of maximum
one-year base salary and to garden leave.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

The treatment of incentive awards will be determined by the Supervisory
Board and depends on the reason and circumstances for termination,
considering usual practices for these types of situations as well as
applicable plan rules. The notice periods are set at six months if the
termination of the agreement is initiated by ASM and at three months if the
member of the Management Board terminates the agreement.

If a variable component conditionally awarded in a previous financial year
would, in the opinion of the Supervisory Board, result in an unfair outcome
due to extraordinary circumstances during the period in which the
predetermined indicators have been or should have been achieved, the
Supervisory Board has the authority – as an ultimum remedium – to adjust
the value of the bonus and shares either downwards or upwards.

Claw-back and ultimum remedium

The NSR Committee concluded for 2025 that no circumstances have been
identified that result in any adjustments or claw-back of variable
remuneration.

In exceptional circumstances, the Supervisory Board will have the
discretionary authority to recover any paid bonus and awarded shares if
evidence shows payments and awards have been awarded based on
incorrect financial or other data (claw-back).

Comparative information on the change of remuneration and company performance
The figures presented are indexed compared to the previous financial year.
Annual change

2021/2020

2022/2021

2023/2022

2024/2023

2025/2024 Information regarding 2025

210 %

120 %

132 %

295 %

P.A.H. Verhagen, CFO (as of June 1, 2021)

-%

159 %

121 %

117 %

106 %

H. M'Saad, CTO (as of May 16, 2022) and CEO (as of May 13, 2024)

-%

-%

212 %

199 %

150 %

66 %

-%

-%

-%

Revenue

130 %

139 %

109 %

111 %

108 %

EBIT

150 %

128 %

103 %

123 %

117 %

Free cash flow

222 %

25 %

667 %

123 %

79 %

Qualitative/non-financial strategic objectives/targets

98 %

98 %

80 %

102 %

122 %

Average remuneration of employees (K€)

2021

2022

2023

2024

2025

Average remuneration of employees

87,140

99,461

111,190

129,692

131,000

29

27

31

33

44

Management Board remuneration

G.L. Loh, CEO (as of May 18, 2020, until May 13, 2024)

P.A.M. van Bommel, CFO (until May 17, 2021)

- % Former CEO retired May 13, 2024

- % Former CFO retired May 17, 2021

Company performance

CEO pay ratio

153

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

The ratio of the CEO's remuneration to the average remuneration of all
other employees (the pay ratio) is calculated by dividing the CEO's
remuneration by the average remuneration of all employees. The CEO's
remuneration is the total annualized base salary and bonus, as well as
share-based payment (extrapolated to a full-year LTI value based on three
consecutive annual grants, each with a 36-month vesting period). The
average remuneration of all employees is calculated by dividing total
personnel costs (wages, salaries, bonuses, and share-based payments),
excluding the CEO's remuneration, by the total number of employees,
excluding the CEO. The pay ratio is in line with the anticipated internal
development of pay levels.
The 2025 ASM Remuneration report considers the draft guidelines to
specify the standard presentation of the Remuneration report as stated in
Directive 2007/36/EC of the European Parliament, and amended by
Directive (EU) 2017/828, Article 9b (6).
This report is the Remuneration report required in accordance with article
2:135b of the Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch Corporate Governance
Code.

26.4 Remuneration of the Supervisory Board

Financial statements

ASM Annual Report 2025

Summary of remuneration of the Supervisory Board
This table provides an overview and description of the elements of the
2025 remuneration policy for the Supervisory Board.
Fixed remuneration
Description

Fixed remuneration in
cash consisting of a
retainer fee for the
Chairperson and
Members, and additional
fees related to the
responsibilities in the
respective committees

The 2025 Remuneration report refers to the remuneration policy for the
Supervisory Board of ASM, which can be found on our website.

Supervisory Board remuneration applied in 2025
The current remuneration policy for the Supervisory Board was adopted by
the AGM on May 13, 2024, and took effect from January 1, 2024.
The intent of the remuneration policy is to provide remuneration aligned
with comparable peer companies in the Netherlands and Europe,
considering the scope of the company. It aims to attract, motivate, and
reward Supervisory Board members with balanced compensation that
matches their roles and responsibilities, as well as their time and
contribution to the company. Additionally, it helps ASM to attract, reward,
and retain highly qualified, independent, and high-caliber Supervisory
Board members with the necessary background, experience, and broad
skill set.

Appendix

Value

Chair of the Supervisory
Board

€ 130,000

Member of the
Supervisory Board

€ 80,000

Chair of the Audit
Committee

€ 25,000

Member of the Audit
Committee

€ 18,000

Chair of the Nomination,
Selection and
Remuneration
Committee

€ 22,000

Other expenses
Description

Value

Compensation for additional meetings
(lasting more than two hours beyond
the regular meeting cadence in the
event of special business
€2,500 (per extra meeting).
circumstances, provided that prior
approval has been given by the Chair
of the Supervisory Board).
Reimbursement of expenses

On actuals

Loans and guarantees
Description

Value

No personal loans, guarantees, or
advance payments are provided.

Not applicable

Shares and share ownership

Member of the
Nomination, Selection
and Remuneration
Committee

€ 15,000

Chair of the Technology
Committee

€ 22,000

Member of the
Technology Committee

€ 15,000

Description

Value

Chair other committee

€ 22,000

No severance, change-in-control, or
claw-back arrangements are in place.

Not applicable

Member other
committee

€ 15,000

Travel expenses
Description

Value

Actual and reasonable
travel expenses are
reimbursed together
with a travel allowance
following physical
attendance of meetings

Continental travels

€2,500 (per meeting)

Intercontinental travels

€5,000 (per meeting)

Description

Value

No shares or rights on shares are
granted as part of the remuneration.

Not applicable

Other arrangements

__

154

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

The following tables present information on the sole remuneration from the
company (including its subsidiaries) for services in all capacities to all
current and former members of the Supervisory Board for the specified
period:

Financial statements

2022 /
2021

2023 /
2022

2024 /
2023

2025 /
2024

-%

806 %

114 %

148 %

97 %

J.C. Lobbezoo

38 %

—%

-%

-%

-%

M.C.J. van Pernis

119 %

60 %

—%

-%

-%

S. Kahle-Galonske

100 %

168 %

95 %

138 %

99 %

M.J.C. de Jong

106 %

141 %

94 %

138 %

105 %

D.R. Lamouche

166 %

168 %

95 %

137 %

107 %

M. de Virgiliis

161 %

167 %

92 %

46 %

-%

Supervisory Board
remuneration

Year ended December 31,
Committee
fee

Allowances 4

2025

2025

2025

Total remuneration
2025

2024

Supervisory Board:
P.F.M. van der Meer
Mohr

130.0

33.0

5.0

168.0

173.9

S. Kahle-Galonske

80.0

35.5

15.0

130.5

132.0

M.J.C. de Jong

80.0

33.0

5.0

118.0

112.1

D.R. Lamouche

80.0

37.0

17.5

134.5

126.1

1

-

-

-

-

41.1

M. de Virgiliis
A.T. Sanchez

80.0

T. Micki 2
M. van den Brink 3
Total
1

Until May 13, 2024

2

As of January 1, 2024

30.0

30.0

140.0

141.5

80.0

26.3

17.5

123.8

115.5

80.0

40.0

5.0

125.0

77.0

610.0

234.8

95.0

939.8

919.2

3

As of May 13, 2024

4

Consists of allowances for (inter)continental meetings.

ASM Annual Report 2025

2021 /
2020

Annual change

P.F.M. van der Meer Mohr 1
Annual
fee

Appendix

A.T. Sanchez

-%

827 %

100 %

134 %

99 %

T. Micki

-%

-%

-%

-%

107 %

M. van den Brink ³

-%

-%

-%

-%

162 %

2

1

Due to her appointment in 2021, Ms. Van der Meer Mohr received limited payments in
2021 compared to 2022 (€12,800 vs €103,200).
2
In 2021, Mr. Sanchez received limited payments compared to 2022 (€12,800 vs
€105,900).
3
Due to his mid-year appointment in 2024, Mr. M van den Brink received limited payments
in 2024 compared to 2025 (€77,000 vs €125,000)

Any recommended changes to the remuneration of members of the
Supervisory Board will be submitted to the Annual General Meeting for
approval.

__

155

Derogations from remuneration policy
The Supervisory Board has not derogated or deviated from the
remuneration policy.
ASM does not provide any loans, advanced payments, deposits, or related
guarantees to the Supervisory Board. ASM's articles of association include
an indemnity in favor of the members of the Management Board and the
Supervisory Board.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

27. External auditor
In accordance with Dutch law, ASM’s external auditor is appointed by the
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and nominated for appointment
by the Supervisory Board, upon the advice of the Audit Committee and the
Management Board. EY Accountants B.V. ('EY') succeeded KPMG
Accountants N.V. ('KPMG') as external auditor as of the 2025 reporting
year and was formally appointed by the 2024 AGM.

Tax services

The external auditor attends the AGM to respond to any questions from
the shareholders concerning the auditor’s report on the financial
statements.

Other services

The Audit Committee has determined that the provision of services by EY
and its member firms is compatible with maintaining EY's independence. All
audit and permitted audit-related services provided by EY and its member
firms during 2025 were preapproved by the Audit Committee.

Audit Committee policies and procedures
The Audit Committee has adopted the following policies and procedures
for preapproval of all audit and permitted non-audit services provided by
our external auditor.

Audit services
Management submits to the Audit Committee for preapproval the scope
and estimated fees for specific services directly related to performing the
independent audit of the company and consolidated financial statements
for the current year.

Audit-related services
The Audit Committee may preapprove expenditures up to a specified
amount for services included in identified service categories that are
related extensions of audit services and are logically performed by the
auditors. Additional services exceeding the specified preapproved limits
require specific Audit Committee approval.

The Audit Committee may preapprove expenditures up to a specified
amount per engagement and in total for identified services related to tax
matters. Additional services exceeding the specified preapproved limits, or
involving service types not included in the preapproved list, require
specific Audit Committee approval.

In the case of specified services for which utilizing our external auditor
creates efficiencies, minimizes disruption or preserves confidentiality, or
for which management has determined that our external auditor possesses
unique or superior qualifications to provide such services, the Audit
Committee may preapprove expenditures up to a specified amount per
engagement and in total. Additional services exceeding the specified
preapproved limits, or involving service types not included in the
preapproved list, require specific Audit Committee approval.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

156

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Financial
statements
28. Consolidated financial statements

159

29. ASM International N.V. financial statements

204

__

157

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Financial statements table of contents
28. Consolidated financial statements

159

29. ASM International N.V. financial statements

204

28.1 Consolidated statement of profit or loss
28.2 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
28.3 Consolidated statement of financial position
28.4 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
28.5 Consolidated statement of cash flows
28.6 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
General information
Note 1. Acquisition of a business combination
Note 2. Right-of-use assets
Note 3. Property, plant and equipment
Note 4. Evaluation tools at customers
Note 5. Goodwill
Note 6. Other intangible assets
Note 7. Investments in associates
Note 8. Inventories
Note 9. Accounts receivable
Note 10. Other current assets
Note 11. Cash and cash equivalents
Note 12. Equity
Note 13. Employee benefits
Note 14. Provision for warranty
Note 15. Accrued expenses and other payables
Note 16. Contingent consideration payable
Note 17. Credit facility
Note 18. Financial instruments and financial risk management
Note 19. Commitments and contingencies
Note 20. Litigation
Note 21. Segment disclosure
Note 22. Revenue
Note 23. Income taxes
Note 24. Expenses by nature
Note 25. Earnings per share
Note 26. Board remuneration
Note 27. Related party transactions
Note 28. Principal Auditor's fees and services
Note 29. Subsidiaries
Note 30. Subsequent events

159
160
161
162
163
164
164
173
175
176
177
177
179
181
183
183
184
184
184
187
189
189
189
190
190
194
194
194
195
196
199
200
200
201
201
202
203

29.1 Company balance sheet
29.2 Company statement of profit or loss
29.3 Notes to the company financial statements
Note 1. Summary of material accounting policies
Note 2. Goodwill
Note 3. Investments in subsidiaries and associates
Note 4. Cash and cash equivalents
Note 5. Equity
Note 6. Amounts due from / to subsidiaries
Note 7. Expenses by nature
Note 8. Personnel expenses
Note 9. Commitments and contingencies
Note 10. Auditor's fees and services
Note 11. Subsequent events

204
205
206
206
206
207
207
208
210
210
210
210
210
210

__

158

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

159

28. Consolidated financial statements
28.1 Consolidated statement of profit or loss
Year ended December 31,
(€ million, except per share data)

Year ended December 31,

Notes

2025

2024

22

3,173.2

2,932.7

Per share data

Cost of sales

(1,529.6)

(1,451.4)

Gross profit

1,643.6

1,481.4

Earnings per share (€) for the year attributable to common
shareholders:

Other income

-

7.4

Revenue

Operating expenses:
Selling, general and administrative

24

(296.5)

(316.8)

Research and development

24

(409.0)

(369.8)

Total operating expenses

(705.6)

(686.6)

Operating result

938.0

802.1

Finance income

18

53.1

21.7

Finance expense

18

(3.9)

(10.6)

Foreign currency exchange gain (loss)

18

Net finance income (costs)

Share in income of investments in associates

7

Impairment of other investment
Result before income taxes
Income taxes

Net earnings, attributable to common shareholders

23

(83.7)

45.0

(34.5)

56.1

24.8

9.6

(3.4)

-

924.9

867.9

(201.2)

(182.2)

723.7

685.7

(€ million, except per share data)

Notes

2025

2024

Basic

14.77

13.95

Diluted

14.70

13.89

Basic

49,000

49,165

Diluted

49,224

49,386

25

Weighted average number of shares (thousand):

The notes on the following pages are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

160

28.2 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Year ended December 31,
(€ million)

Notes

Net earnings from operations, attributable to common shareholders

2025

2024

723.7

685.7

0.6

0.7

Other comprehensive income, net of income tax
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Remeasurement of defined benefit obligation

13

Share in other comprehensive (loss) income of investments in associates

7

1.0

(1.3)

1.6

(0.6)

Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss:
Foreign currency translation effect 1

(214.7)

70.0

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax

(213.1)

69.4

510.6

755.1

Total comprehensive income, attributable to common shareholders
1

The year-on-year change is mostly explained by a strong decline of the US$ compared to € in 2025, while in 2024 the US$ strengthened against €.

The notes on the following pages are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

12

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

161

28.3 Consolidated statement of financial position
December 31,
(€ million)

Notes

2025

December 31,
2024

Assets

(€ million)

Notes

2025

2024

12

4,005.8

3,747.2

64.0

23.6

Equity and liabilities

Right-of-use assets

2

35.0

36.5

Property, plant and equipment

3

573.2

482.9

Evaluation tools at customers

4

106.1

109.5

Other liabilities

Goodwill

5

340.5

321.3

Contingent consideration payable

16

18.4

-

Other intangible assets

6

995.9

815.6

Deferred tax liabilities

23

207.5

190.9

Investments in associates

7

845.1

903.6

Total non-current liabilities

289.9

214.5

22.0

19.8

23

40.4

34.7

Accounts payable

214.9

282.6

27.7

18.8

Provision for warranty

14

45.0

33.4

5.2

3.8

Income taxes payable

23

78.9

66.2

2,991.2

2,746.6

Contract liabilities

22

505.8

485.7

197.0

235.3

Other investments
Deferred tax assets
Other non-current assets
Employee benefits

13

Total non-current assets

Equity

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

15

Inventories

8

552.1

567.0

Contingent consideration payable

16

-

97.0

Accounts receivable

9

562.1

789.0

Total current liabilities

1,041.4

1,200.2

Contract assets

22

110.2

57.7

Income taxes receivable

23

9.7

4.8

Total liabilities

1,331.3

1,414.8

Other current assets

10

84.8

70.3

Cash and cash equivalents

11

1,026.9

926.5

Total current assets

2,345.8

2,415.3

Total assets

5,337.0

5,161.9

Total equity and liabilities

5,337.0

5,161.9

The notes on the following pages are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

162

28.4 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
(€ million except for share data)

Notes

Balance as of January 1, 2025
Net earnings
Other comprehensive income

12

Total comprehensive income
Dividend paid to common shareholders

Number of common
shares outstanding

Common shares

Capital in excess of
par value

Treasury shares at
cost

Retained earnings

Other reserves 1

Total equity

49,097,817

2.0

9.3

(130.4)

3,693.0

173.2

3,747.2

-

-

-

-

723.7

-

723.7

-

-

-

-

-

(213.1)

(213.1)

-

-

-

-

723.7

(213.1)

510.6

-

-

-

-

(147.3)

-

(147.3)

Compensation expense share-based payments2

13

-

-

47.7

-

(0.9)

-

46.8

Exercise stock options out of treasury shares

13

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Vesting restricted shares out of treasury shares

13

106,265

-

(29.5)

59.6

(30.1)

-

-

Purchase of common shares

12

(322,533)

-

-

(152.1)

-

-

(152.1)

Issue of common shares used for share-based performance programs

12

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Other movements of investments in associates:
Dilution

-

-

-

-

0.6

-

0.6

Balance as of December 31, 2025

7

48,881,549

2.0

27.6

(222.8)

4,238.9

(39.8)

4,005.8

Balance as of January 1, 2024

49,201,746

2.0

71.3

(89.6)

3,139.2

103.8

3,226.8

-

-

-

-

685.7

-

685.7

-

-

-

-

-

69.4

69.4

-

-

-

-

685.7

69.4

755.1
(135.5)

Net earnings
Other comprehensive income

12

Total comprehensive income
Dividend paid to common shareholders

-

-

-

-

(135.5)

-

Cancellation of common shares out of treasury shares

12

-

-

(59.2)

59.2

-

-

-

Compensation expense share-based payments2

13

-

-

48.6

-

-

-

48.6

Vesting restricted shares out of treasury shares

13

124,460

-

(51.3)

51.3

-

-

-

Purchase of common shares

12

(228,389)

-

-

(151.4)

-

-

(151.4)

Issue of common shares used for share-based performance programs

12

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Other movements in investments in associates:
Dilution

7

Balance as of December 31, 2024
1
2

-

-

-

-

3.5

-

3.5

49,097,817

2.0

9.3

(130.4)

3,693.0

173.2

3,747.2

Other reserves consist of the currency translation reserve, remeasurement on net defined benefit and the reserve for proportionate share in other comprehensive income of investments in associates. See note 12.
Share-based payments include income taxes recognized directly in shareholders' equity of €0.9 million (2024: €7.0 million) income.

The notes on the following pages are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

163

28.5 Consolidated statement of cash flows
Year ended December 31,
(€ million)

Notes

2025

Year ended December 31,

2024

(€ million)

Cash flows from operating activities

2025

2024

Cash flows from investing activities

Net earnings from operations

723.7

685.7

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash from operating activities
Depreciation, amortization and impairments

Notes

Capital expenditures property, plant and equipment

3

(218.5)

(167.9)

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

3

0.2

8.8

2,3,4,6

251.0

195.8

Capitalized development expenditures

6

(205.1)

(166.3)

Net loss (gain) on sale of property, plant and equipment

3

0.8

(7.0)

Capital expenditures intangible assets

6

(44.7)

(30.5)

Share-based compensation

13

47.7

41.6

Dividend received from associates

7

6.7

13.7

(20.1)

(24.8)

Acquisition of business combination, net of cash acquired

1

(81.5)

-

7

(24.8)

(9.6)

Contingent consideration paid in respect of prior acquisition of subsidiary

16

(76.1)

-

3.4

-

Income tax

23

201.2

182.2

Changes in evaluation tools at customers

4

(35.6)

(47.1)

(1.0)

-

Net finance (income) costs
Share in income of investments in associates
Impairment of other investments

Changes in employee benefits pension plans

Other investments

(7.9)

(7.7)

Net cash used in investing activities

(626.9)

(350.0)

Free cash flow 1

433.9

547.7

Income tax paid

(160.2)

(97.6)

Cash flows from financing activities

Operating cash flows before changes in working capital

986.0

919.2

Payment of lease liabilities

2

(14.1)

(14.2)

Purchase of treasury shares

12

(152.1)

(151.4)

Decrease (increase) in working capital:
Accounts receivable

162.1

(294.6)

Other current assets

(14.9)

(1.5)

Inventories

(14.4)

(32.0)

Provision for warranty

16.4

9.9

Contract assets and liabilities

23.6

184.6

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other payables

(97.9)

112.1

1,060.9

897.7

Net cash from operating activities

1

Dividends to common shareholders

(147.3)

(135.5)

Net cash used in financing activities

(313.5)

(301.0)

Foreign currency translation effect on cash and cash equivalents

(20.0)

42.6

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

100.4

289.2

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

11

926.5

637.3

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

11

1,026.9

926.5

Free cash flow is a non-IFRS performance measure. It is calculated as cash flows from operating activities after investing activities. Refer
to chapter 34 'Non-IFRS performance measures'.

The notes on the following pages are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

28.6 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
General information
ASM International N.V. (ASM, or the company) is a Dutch public liability company domiciled in the Netherlands with
its principal operations in Europe, the United States of America, and Asia. The company dedicates its resources to
the research, development, manufacturing, marketing and servicing of equipment and materials used to produce
mainly semiconductor devices. The company is registered at Versterkerstraat 8, 1322 AP Almere, the Netherlands.
The company is registered with the Dutch Commercial Register under number 30037466.
The company's shares are listed for trading on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM).
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of ASM International N.V. and
its consolidated subsidiaries (together also referred to as ASM, or the company). ASM's subsidiaries are listed in
Note 29 and investments in associates are listed in Note 7.

Basis for accounting
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 have been prepared in accordance
with IFRS as endorsed by the European Union (EU-IFRS) and also comply with the financial reporting requirements
included in Section 362(9) of Part 9, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Management Board of the company and
authorized for issue on March 12, 2026, and will be submitted for adoption to the Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders (AGM) on May 11, 2026.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

164

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.
A number of the company’s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both
financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
estimated using another valuation technique.
The company has an established approach with respect to the measurement of fair values. If third-party
information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair values, the company assesses and
documents the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that such valuations meet the
requirements of IFRS, including the level in the fair-value hierarchy, in which such valuations should be classified.
Fair values are categorized into different levels in a fair-value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation
techniques as follows:
Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and
Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
If the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a liability fall into different levels of the fair-value
hierarchy, then the fair-value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the same level of the fair-value hierarchy
as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement.
Further information about the assumptions made in measuring fair values is included in the following notes:

The consolidated financial statements will be filed with the AFM and at the Trade Register of the Chamber of
Commerce in Almere, the Netherlands, after ASM publishes them on its website, and in addition within eight days
of adoption by the 2026 AGM.

• Note 7 - Investments in Associates;
• Note 13 - Employee benefits; and
• Note 18 - Financial instruments and financial risk management.

Functional and presentation currency

Use of estimates

The consolidated financial statements are presented in euros (€), which is the company's functional currency. All
amounts have been stated in thousands of euros and rounded to the nearest thousand (which might result in
rounding differences), unless otherwise indicated.

In preparing these consolidated financial statements, management has made judgments, estimates and
assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are
considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, unless otherwise
indicated. The company applies the going concern basis in preparing its consolidated financial statements.

Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to estimates are recognized
prospectively.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting in a material
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the year ended December 31, 2025 is included in
the following notes:
• Notes 3, 4, 5, 6 - Valuation of non-financial assets; and
• Note 8 - Valuation of allowance for obsolescence inventories.
Amid persistent macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties, ASM continuously assesses its risks and implements
controls to mitigate exposures to acceptable levels. Further details on ASM’s risk‑assessment processes and
related responses are provided in chapter 25, Risk management.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

165

Lack of exchangeability - Amendments to IAS 21
For annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025, Lack of Exchangeability – Amendments to IAS 21
The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates specifies how an entity should assess whether a currency is
exchangeable and how it should determine a spot exchange rate when exchangeability is lacking. The amendments
also require disclosure of information that enables users of its financial statements to understand how the currency
not being exchangeable into the other currency affects, or is expected to affect, the entity’s financial performance,
financial position and cash flows. The amendments did not have a material impact on the Group’s financial
statements.

Standards issued but not yet effective
Management has also evaluated the potential financial‑reporting implications of climate‑related risks in line with
evolving regulatory expectations under IFRS and broader EU sustainability guidance. This assessment included:

The new and amended standards and interpretations that are issued, but not yet effective, up to the date of
issuance of the company's financial statements are disclosed below. The company intends to adopt these new and
amended standards and interpretations, if applicable, when they become effective.

• A qualitative review of the Company’s climate‑related risk profile, including potential impacts on demand
patterns, operational cost structures, and regulatory developments;

• Consideration of whether climate‑related risks could affect future cash flows, discount rates, or useful lives of
non‑current assets such as goodwill, intangible assets, and property, plant and equipment;

• Inclusion of sensitivity analyses in the impairment testing process to evaluate the potential effect of higher
operating costs or other financial impacts that could arise from climate‑related developments.
Based on this analysis, management concluded that climate‑related risks do not give rise to material uncertainty or
a requirement for additional impairment as of December 31, 2025. No material financial reporting impacts were
identified, and management believes that potential exposures are well managed and appropriately reflected in the
assumptions used.

Summary of material accounting policies
Accounting policies
The company has consistently applied the following accounting policies to all periods presented in these
consolidated financial statements, except for changes in material accounting policies and reclassification
adjustment listed below.

Changes in material accounting policies
Application of new and revised IFRS.
New and amended standards and interpretations
The company applied for the first-time certain standard(s) and amendment(s), which are effective for annual
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025 (unless otherwise stated). The company has not early adopted any
other standard, interpretation or amendment that has been issued but is not yet effective.

Below we present our initial considerations regarding IFRS 18. Other recently issued standards are expected to
have an insignificant impact on the company; therefore, no further references have been included.
IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
In April 2024, the IASB issued IFRS 18, which replaces IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. IFRS 18
introduces new requirements for presentation within the statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and
subtotals. Furthermore, entities are required to classify all income and expenses within the statement of profit or
loss into one of five categories: operating, investing, financing, income taxes and discontinued operations, whereof
the first three are new.
The standard requires disclosure of newly defined management-defined performance measures, subtotals of
income and expenses, and it also includes new requirements for aggregation and disaggregation of financial
information based on the identified ‘roles’ of the primary financial statements (PFS) and the notes.
In addition, narrow-scope amendments have been made to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, which include changing
the starting point for determining cash flows from operations under the indirect method, from ‘profit or loss’ to
‘operating profit or loss’ and removing the optionality around classification of cash flows from dividends and
interest. In addition, there are consequential amendments to several other standards.
IFRS 18, and the amendments to the other standards, are effective for reporting periods beginning on or after 1
January 2027. IFRS 18 will apply retrospectively.
The company is currently working to identify all impacts the amendments will have on the primary financial
statements and notes to the financial statements. Based on initial review, the impact is expected to be limited to:
• Mandatory specified subtotals in the in the statement of profit or loss.
• Foreign exchange difference will be classified in the category where the related income and expense from the
item giving rising to the foreign exchange difference.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

• New disclosure will be added: (a) management-defined performance measures; (b) specified expense by nature
if expenses are presented by function in the operating category of the statement of profit or loss; and (c) a
reconciliation for each line item in the statement of profit or loss between the restated amounts presented
applying IFRS 18 and the amounts previously presented applying IAS 1.

Adjusted Comparative Information
As announced in the Q4 2024 press release, ASM classifies installation and qualification revenue from 2025
onwards as part of Spares & Services revenue instead of equipment revenue, to align with ASM's business
organization structure. The change results in an €82 million increase in spares and services revenue and a
corresponding €82 million decrease in equipment revenue for the full year 2024. The previously reported figures
have been revised for comparability. There are no other impacts on the financials.
(€ millions)

Equipment revenue
Spares & Services revenue
Revenue

FY2024 Reported

Reclassification

FY2024 Adjusted

2,385.4

(82.1)

2,303.3

547.3

82.1

629.4

2,932.7

-

2,932.7

Business combinations

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

166

Control is achieved when ASM has the power over an investee; exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its
involvement with the investee; and the ability to use its power over the investee to affect the amount of the
investor's returns. ASM reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
As from the date these criteria are met, financial data of the relevant subsidiary are included in the consolidation
and deconsolidated from the date on which ASM's control ceases.

Loss of control
Upon loss of control, ASM derecognizes the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary. Any surplus or deficit arising on
the loss of control is recognized in profit or loss. ASM retains any interest in this subsidiary, then such interest is
measured at fair value at the date on which control is lost. Subsequently, it is accounted for as an equityaccounted investee or as an available-for-sale financial asset, depending on the level of influence retained.

Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the company. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the
consolidated financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which control
ceases.

The company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when the acquired set of activities
and assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred to the company. In determining whether a
particular set of activities and assets is a business, the company assesses whether the set of assets and activities
acquired includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process and whether the acquired set has the ability to
produce outputs.

Foreign currency translation

The company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is transferred to the
company. The consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally measured at fair value, as are the identifiable
net assets acquired.

In preparing the financial statements of the individual entities, transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the
exchange rates on the date of the transactions. At each balance sheet date, monetary items denominated in
foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing on the balance sheet date. Non-monetary items carried at
fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair
value was determined.

Goodwill is capitalized as the excess of the costs of an acquired subsidiary, net of the amounts assigned to
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities incurred or assumed. Acquisition-related costs are expensed when
incurred in the period they arise or the service is received.

The individual financial statements of each group entity are presented in their local functional currency. For the
purpose of the consolidated financial statements, the results and financial position of each entity is expressed in
euros, which is ASM's functional currency and the presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements.

Foreign currency transactions

Any contingent consideration payable is measured at fair value at the acquisition date. The contingent
consideration is remeasured at fair value at each reporting date and subsequent changes in the fair value of the
contingent consideration are recognized in profit or loss.

Exchange rate differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the translation of monetary items,
are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which they arise. Exchange rate
differences arising on the translation of non-monetary items carried at fair value are recognized in the consolidated
statement of profit or loss for the period except for differences arising on the translation of non-monetary items in
respect of which gains and losses are recognized directly in equity.

Consolidation

Foreign operations

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of ASM and all of its subsidiaries where ASM holds a
controlling interest. Non-controlling interest is disclosed separately, where appropriate, in the consolidated financial
statements.

For the purpose of presenting consolidated financial statements, assets and liabilities of foreign operations are
translated into euros at the exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign operations
are translated into euros at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Foreign currency differences are recognized in OCI and accumulated in the translation reserve.
When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control or significant influence is lost,
the cumulative amount in the translation reserve related to that foreign operation is reclassified to profit or loss as
part of the gain or loss on disposal. If the company disposes of part of its interest in a subsidiary but retains control,
then the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reattributed to non-controlling interest. When the
company disposes of only part of an associate while retaining significant influence, the relevant proportion of the
cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or loss.

Segment reporting
ASM has one reportable segment, consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Chief Executive Officer
(CEO), who is the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM).
The company manufactures and sells equipment used in wafer processing, encompassing the fabrication steps in
which silicon wafers are layered with semiconductor devices. The operation is a product-driven organizational unit
comprised of manufacturing, service, and sales operations in Asia, Europe, and the United States. The performance
of the individual product lines is reviewed by the CODM based on its revenues, gross margin and operating result
(EBIT). The company operates under a uniform global operating strategy. The CODM alone makes operating
decisions regarding strategic investments and resource allocation based on aggregated information of the overall
company's operation. Therefore, the company's operation does not represent separate operating nor reportable
segments.

Property, plant and equipment
Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated
impairment losses.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

167

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are
expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain on disposal of an item of property, plant and
equipment is recognized in profit or loss and included in 'other income'. Any loss is recognized as part of impairment
expenses.

Intangible assets
Goodwill
The company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is transferred to the
company. The consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally measured at fair value, as are the identifiable
net assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment.
Goodwill represents the excess of the costs of an acquisition over the fair value of the amounts assigned to assets
acquired and liabilities incurred or assumed of the acquired subsidiary at the date of acquisition. Goodwill on
acquisition of subsidiaries is allocated to cash generating units (CGUs) for the purpose of impairment testing. The
allocation is made to those CGUs that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill
arose. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of the goodwill may not be recoverable. If the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than the
carrying amount of the unit, the impairment loss is recognized. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not
reversed in a subsequent period. Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
The company’s goodwill arising on the acquisitions of subsidiaries is described in Note 5 'Goodwill'.
The company’s goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described in Note 7 'Investments in
Associates'.
Other intangible assets

If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are accounted
for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.
Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment less their estimated
residual values using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, and is generally recognized in profit
or loss. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each
reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

Other intangible assets include capitalized development expenses, software, purchased technology, and remaining
other intangible assets. Other intangible assets that are acquired by the company with finite useful lives are
measured at cost less accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses.
In determining the capitalization of development expenses, the company makes estimates and assumptions based
on expected future economic benefits generated by products that are the result of these development expenses.
Other important estimates and assumptions are the required internal rate of return, the distinction between
research, development and high-volume manufacturing, and the estimated useful life.

The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment for current and comparative periods are as follows:
Development expenses are capitalized when all of the following criteria are demonstrated by the entity:
Land

Infinite

Building and leasehold improvements

1-25 years

Machinery equipment

2-10 years

Furniture and fixtures and other equipment

2-10 years

• The technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;
• Its intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
• Its ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
• How the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

• The availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or
sell the intangible asset; and
• Its ability to reliably measure the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.
The company capitalizes development expenses that meet the above-mentioned criteria in its consolidated
financial statements. Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost
less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are
acquired separately.
Amortization of capitalized development expenses is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the developed product. Amortization starts when the developed product is ready for its intended
use. In the development cycle, this is when the product is transferred from the validation (beta) phase to highvolume manufacturing.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

168

ASM does not separately test associates' underlying assets for impairment. However, ASM recognizes its share of
any impairment charge recorded by an investee and considers the effect, if any, of the impairment on the basis
difference in the assets giving rise to the investee’s impairment charge. A loss in value of an investment which is
significant or prolonged will be an indicator to test for impairment. Significant is defined as at least 20% on
reporting date. Prolonged is defined as measured below cost for more than nine months.
Equity method investments are tested for prolonged decline in value. If the fair value of an investment is less than
its carrying value, the company determines whether the decline in value is temporary or prolonged. A prolonged
decline in value is measured as of a balance sheet date. If after a prior recognized impairment the fair value is more
than its carrying value, this impairment is reversed to the extent that the recoverable amount of the net investment
subsequently increases. The determination of whether an investment is impaired is made at the individual security
level multiplied by our number of shares held in each reporting period.

Evaluation tools at customers
Amortization method, useful life, and residual value are reviewed at each reporting date with the effect of any
changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
The estimated useful lives of other intangible assets for current and comparative periods are as follows:
Development cost

5 years

Software

3-10 years

Purchased technology

5-15 years

Other intangibles

1-17 years

Investments in associates
Investments in associates are investments in entities in which ASM can exert significant influence but which ASM
does not control, generally having between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. These entities are accounted for
using the equity method and are initially recognized at cost. Dividend income from the company’s associated
companies is recognized when the right to receive payment is established. Their carrying value includes goodwill
identified upon acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment.
When ASM’s share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, including any other
receivables for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future, ASM does not
recognize further losses, unless ASM has obligations to or made payments on behalf of the associate.
At each reporting date, the company determines if there is any objective evidence that the associate is impaired.
An impairment, being the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value, is
recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

Evaluation tools at customers are systems generally delivered to customers under evaluation and include
substantial customization by our engineers and R&D staff in the field. Evaluation tools are recorded at cost and
depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful life of five years, or their shorter economic
life. The depreciation expenses are in general reported as research and development expenses. Unless the
evaluation tool primarily serves commercial activities, it is reported as cost of sales.
On final written technical acceptance and purchase order from the customer, the purchase consideration is
recognized as revenue at a point in time and the carrying value of the evaluation system is recognized as cost of
sales. In the circumstance that the system is returned, at the end of the evaluation period, a detailed impairment
review takes place, and future sales opportunities and additional costs are identified. It is only when the
recoverable amount is below the carrying value of the evaluation tool that an additional depreciation is recognized.
The remaining carrying value is recognized as finished goods in inventories.

Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The cost of inventories is based on the first-in,
first-out principle. Costs include net prices paid for materials purchased, charges for freight and custom duties,
production labor costs and factory overhead. Allowances are made for slow-moving, obsolete or unsellable
inventory.
Allowances for obsolescence of inventory are determined based on the expected demand as well as the expected
market value of the inventory. The company regularly evaluate the value of our inventory of components and raw
materials, work in progress, and finished goods, based on a combination of factors including the following:
forecasted sales, historical usage, product end of lifecycle, estimated current and future market values, service
inventory requirements, and new product introductions, as well as other factors. Purchasing requirements and
alternative uses for the inventory are explored within these processes to mitigate inventory exposure. The company
records write-downs for inventory based on the above factors and take into account worldwide quantities and
demand into our analysis.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Financial instruments

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

169

The company classifies non-derivative financial assets based on the business model for managing the assets and
their contractual cash flow characteristics. These assets are categorized as either: Amortized cost, fair value
through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), or fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). The company classifies
non-derivative financial liabilities at amortized costs.

The expected credit loss allowance is based on historical experience, credit evaluations, specific customercollection history, and any customer-specific issues ASM has identified. Changes in circumstances, such as an
unexpected adverse material change in a major customer’s ability to meet its financial obligation to ASM or its
payment trends, may require us to further adjust our estimates of the recoverability of amounts due to ASM. This
could have an adverse material effect on ASM’s financial condition and results of operations.

Non-derivative financial assets and financial liabilities – Recognition and derecognition

Cash and cash equivalents

The company initially recognizes receivables on the date when they are originated. Receivables comprise account
(trade) and other receivables and cash and cash equivalents. Receivables are measured at amortized cost using
the effective interest method, less any impairment. Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially recognized
on the trade date when the entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

Cash and cash equivalents consist of bank deposits and investment in money market funds that invest in
marketable debt obligations and securities of governments, corporates and financial institutions and other shortterm highly liquid investments with original maturity of three months or less. Bank overdrafts are included in notes
payable to banks in current liabilities.

The company derecognizes a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or
it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks and
rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred, or it neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the
risks and rewards of ownership and does not retain control over the transferred asset. Any interest in such
derecognized financial asset that is created or retained by the company is recognized as a separate asset or
liability.

Non-derivative financial liabilities – Measurement
Other non-derivative financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value less any directly attributable transaction
costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, these liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest
method.

Share capital
Preference share capital

The company derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled, or
expired.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial
position when, and only when, the company currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the amounts and
intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Preference share capital is classified as equity if it is non-redeemable, or redeemable only at the company’s option,
and any dividends are discretionary. Discretionary dividends thereon are recognized as distributions within equity
upon approval by the company’s shareholders.
Preference share capital is classified as a financial liability if it is redeemable on a specific date or at the option of
the shareholders, or if dividend payments are not discretionary. Non-discretionary dividends thereon are
recognized as interest expense in profit or loss as accrued.

Non-derivative financial assets – Measurement
Loans and receivables are initially measured at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs.
Subsequent to initial recognition, they are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
Accounts receivable
A significant percentage of accounts receivable is derived from revenue to a limited number of large multinational
semiconductor device manufacturers located throughout the world. In order to monitor potential credit losses, the
company performs ongoing credit evaluations of our customers' financial condition. An allowance for doubtful
accounts is maintained for potential credit losses based upon management's assessment of the expected
collectability of all accounts receivable. The allowance for doubtful accounts is reviewed periodically to assess the
adequacy of the allowance. In making this assessment, management takes into consideration any circumstances of
which the company is aware regarding a customer's inability to meet its financial obligations, aging of the accounts
receivable, expected lifetime losses; and our judgments as to potential prevailing economic conditions in the
industry and their potential impact on the company's customers.

Repurchase and reissue of common shares (treasury shares)
When shares recognized as equity are repurchased, the amount of the consideration paid, which includes directly
attributable costs, is recognized as a deduction from equity. Repurchased shares are classified as treasury shares
and are presented in the treasury share reserve. When treasury shares are sold or reissued subsequently, the
amount received is recognized as an increase in equity and the resulting surplus or deficit on the transaction is
accounted for at average cost and presented within capital in excess of par value.
Issuance of shares by an equity-accounted investee
Associates might yearly issue common shares pursuant to their employee share incentive scheme. The effect of
these issuances is a dilution of the company's ownership in the associate. The company recognizes the impact of
these issuances directly into equity.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income consists of net earnings (loss) and other comprehensive income. Other comprehensive
income includes gains and losses that are not included in net earnings, but are recorded directly in equity.

Impairment
Non-derivative financial assets
Financial assets, other than those at fair value through profit or loss, are assessed using an 'expected credit
loss' (ECL) model. In accordance with the model the company allocate a probability of loss to each financial asset,
based on data that is determined to be predictive of the risk of loss and applying experienced credit judgment.
ASM measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following, which are measured
at 12-month ECLs:
• Debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and
• Other debt securities and bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected
life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and
when estimating ECLs, ASM considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available
without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on
ASM's historical experience and informed credit assessment, that includes forward-looking information. Lifetime
ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

170

indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill and intangible assets not yet available
for its intended use are tested annually for impairment.
For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows
from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or CGUs. Goodwill arising from
a business combination is allocated to CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of
the combination.
The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal.
Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.
An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount.
Impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets in the CGU on a pro
rata basis.
An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is reversed only to
the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been recognized.

Commitments and contingencies
12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after
the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months). The maximum
period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which ASM is exposed to credit
risk.

The company has various contractual obligations such as purchase commitments and commitments for capital
expenditure. These obligations are generally not recognized as liabilities on the company's statement of financial
position but are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Cash flow statement
Measurement of ECLs

The cash flow statement has been prepared using the indirect method.

ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all
cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the
cash flows that ASM expects to receive). ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset.

Revenue recognition

Equity-accounted investees
An impairment loss in respect of an equity-accounted investee is measured by comparing the recoverable amount
of the investment with its carrying amount. An impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss, and is reversed if
there has been a favorable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.

Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer and excludes amounts
collected on behalf of third parties. The company recognizes revenue when it transfers control over a product or
service to a customer. Depending on the contract, the company obtain normally a right to payment for our
equipment upon shipment and on completion of installation. Right to payment for our spares and services occurs
upon shipment or completion of the service unless described otherwise.

Revenue streams
Non-financial assets
At each reporting date, the company reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other than
inventories and deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such

The company generates revenue primarily from the sales of equipment and sales of Spares & Services. The
products & services described below by nature, can be part of both revenue streams. The revenue streams are
disclosed in Note 22 'Revenue'.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

171

Nature of goods and services

Cost of sales

The following table contains a description of principal activities from which the group generates its revenue.

Cost of sales mainly comprises direct costs such as labor, materials, cost of warranty, depreciation, shipping and
handling costs, and related overhead costs.

Products and services

Nature, timing of satisfaction of performance obligation and significant payment terms

Equipment

Revenue from equipment is recognized at a point in time when the performance obligation is
satisfied, when control transfers. This is usually upon shipment depending on incoterms. The
amount of revenue recognized is based on the amount of the transaction price that is allocated
to the performance obligation. The total consideration of the contract is allocated between all
distinct performance obligations in the contract based on their stand-alone selling prices. The
stand-alone selling prices are mostly determined based on other stand-alone sales that are
directly observable or based on the expected cost plus a margin approach. Any customer
discounts and credits, within volume purchase agreements or bundled agreements, are
considered as a reduction of the transaction price, unless this is/can be considered as
consideration for a distinct good or service.

Installation

Spares

The customer simultaneously consumes and receives the benefits provided by the performance
of the installation. As such, transfer of control takes place over the period of installation from
delivery through customer acceptance, measured on a straight-line basis, as our performance is
satisfied evenly over this period of time.
Revenue from spares is recognized at a point in time when the performance obligation is
satisfied, when the control transfers. This is usually upon shipment depending on incoterms.
The amount of revenue recognized is based on the amount of the transaction price that is
allocated to the performance obligation. Any customer discounts and credits, within a volume
purchase agreements, are considered as a reduction of the transaction price, unless this is/can
be considered as consideration for a distinct good or service.

Revenue on royalties
The fixed price royalty is a right to use the licenses and revenue is recognized at a point in time
and licenses for
that the license is transferred to the customer. For the sales-based royalty, the performance
technology included in
obligation is satisfied when the license is transferred to the customer. Given this is earlier than
equipment and/or spares when the sales occur, revenue should be recognized when the sales occur.
Outcome based
("support") services

The customer simultaneously consumes and receives the benefits provided by the performance
of the support. For the majority of support services transfer of control takes place over the
period of support.

Research and development expenses
Research and development expenses are expenditures relating to a company's efforts to develop, design, and
enhance its products, services, technologies, or processes. Research and development expenses comprise of
direct costs allocated to research and development projects and mainly consists of labor. Research and
development expenses also includes depreciation expenses of evaluation tools at customers supporting the
company's research and development activities, allocated cost center costs like lab costs, and costs relating to
prototype and experimental products.
Selling, administrative and general expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses comprise all direct and indirect selling costs, operational overhead
costs, and administrative expenses unrelated to cost of sales or research and development expenses.

Warranty
The company provides maintenance on our systems during the warranty period, on average one year after
installation & qualification (or 15 months upon shipment, whichever comes first). Costs of warranty includes the cost
of labor and material necessary to repair a product during the warranty period. The company accrues for the
estimated cost of the warranty on products shipped in a provision for warranty, upon recognition of the sale of the
product. The costs are estimated based on historical expenses incurred and on estimated future expenses related
to current revenue, and are updated periodically. Actual warranty costs are charged against the provision for
warranty. The actual warranty costs may differ from estimated warranty costs, and adjusted our provision for
warranty accordingly. Future warranty costs may exceed our estimates, which could result in an increase of our
cost of sales.

Income tax
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. It is recognized in the statement of profit or loss except to
the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognized directly in equity or in other
comprehensive income.
Current tax
The current corporate income tax charge recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss is calculated in
accordance with the prevailing tax regulations and rates, taking into account non-taxable income and nondeductible expenses. The current income tax expense reflects the amount for the current reporting period that the
company expects to recover from or pay to the tax authorities. Current income tax related to items recognized
directly in equity is recorded in equity and not in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. ASM’s management
periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns regarding situations in which applicable tax regulations are
subject to interpretation, and establishes provisions when deemed appropriate. The amount of current tax payable
or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects uncertainty

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

related to income tax, if any. Measurement of the tax payable or receivable for uncertain tax positions is based on
management’s best estimate of the amount of tax benefit that will be lost. Current tax also includes any tax arising
from dividends and royalties. Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met (IAS 12).

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

172

The company's employees in Japan participate in defined benefit plans. Pension costs in respect to this defined
benefit plan are determined using the projected unit credit method. These costs primarily represent the increase in
the actuarial present value of the obligation for pension benefits based on employee service during the year and
the interest on this obligation in respect to employee service in previous years, net of the interest on plan assets.

Deferred tax
Deferred income tax positions are recognized for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and
liabilities and their carrying values in ASM’s consolidated statement of financial position.
Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits,
and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that future
taxable profits will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized. Both the recognized and
unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date. Deferred tax assets are recorded for
deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and are recorded only to the extent
that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future, and taxable profit will be
available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences except when they affect neither the profit
or loss reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss nor the taxable profit or loss. Also, no deferred tax
liabilities are recorded for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries when the
timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary
differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax positions are stated at nominal value and are measured at the corporate income tax rates the
company expects to be applicable in the year when the asset is realized or liability is settled based on enacted or
substantially enacted tax laws and reflects uncertainty related to income tax, if any.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are netted if there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
assets against current tax liabilities, deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities related to
income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on the same taxable entity, and there is an intention to settle on
a net basis.

Retirement benefit costs
The company has retirement plans covering substantially all employees. The principal plans are defined
contribution plans, except for the plans of the company's operations in the Netherlands and Japan. The company's
employees in the Netherlands participate in a multi-employer defined benefit plan. Payments to defined
contribution plans and the multi-employer plan are recognized as an expense in the consolidated statement of
profit or loss as they fall due. The company accounts for the multi-employer plan as if it were a defined contribution
plan, since the manager of the plan is not able to provide the company with the required company-specific
information to enable the company to account for the plan as a defined benefit plan.

For the defined benefit plan, the company recognizes in its consolidated statement of financial position an asset or
a liability for the plan's over funded status or underfunded status respectively. When the calculation results in a
potential asset for the company, the recognized asset is limited to the present value of economic benefits available
in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan. To calculate the
present value of economic benefits, consideration is given to any applicable minimum funding requirements.
Actuarial gains and losses are recognized when incurred.
Obligations for contributions to defined contribution plans are expensed as the related service is provided. Prepaid
contributions are recognized as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in future payments is
available.

Share-based payments
The costs relating to employee shares (compensation expense) are recognized based upon the grant date fair
value of the shares. The estimated fair value at grant date of shares is based on the share price of the ASM share
at grant date minus the discounted value of expected dividends during the vesting period.
The grant date fair value of the shares is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the
company’s estimate of shares that will eventually vest. The impact of the true-up of the estimates is recognized in
the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which the revision is determined. The total estimated
share-based compensation expense, determined under the fair value-based method is amortized proportionally
over the option vesting periods.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Note 1. Acquisition of a business combination

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

173

Consideration transferred
The following table summarizes the acquisition-date fair value of each class of consideration transferred.

On December 8, 2025, ASM, through its wholly owned subsidiary ASM America Inc., acquired the assets and
certain liabilities of Axus Holdings LLC, Axus Technology LLC, and Trojan Industries LLC (together referred to as
“Axus” or “CMP”) under an asset purchase agreement.
Founded in 2002, Axus is headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, where it operates its primary manufacturing,
assembly, and R&D facilities, complemented by an additional R&D site in the same area. Axus supplies Chemical
Mechanical Polishing (CMP) equipment for compound semiconductors and More-than-Moore (MtM) manufacturing.
Axus' Capstone® CMP is a differentiated tool architecture that enables higher process footprint density with
superior process control for improved performance, productivity, and cost of ownership benefits.
CMP is a key technology that is complementary to our strengths in interface engineering and chemistry. This
becomes increasingly important as CMP leverages chemical aspects with 3D integration. Additionally, it is
complementary to our deposition processes such as high performance PECVD functional films.
Axus’ core product portfolio consists of its 200mm Capstone® and Aquarius® platforms, available in both
standalone and integrated configurations, serving critical wafer processing steps in semiconductor manufacturing.
Axus generates revenue primarily through equipment sales, supplemented by recurring parts and services revenue
for its installed base. As of the valuation date, Axus employed 67 full‑time employees (FTEs).
Since the acquisition on December 8, Axus has had an insignificant impact on the Group’s net earnings for the
period from the acquisition date through the reporting date, primarily reflecting minor ongoing operating costs. No
fair value adjustment–related amortization charges were recognized in the reporting period due to the limited time
between the acquisition and the reporting date.
Had the Axus acquisition been completed on January 1, 2025, Group revenue for the year would have been €3,193
million and Group net earnings would have been €712 million. These pro forma amounts were calculated using the
subsidiary’s results (€2.5 million), adjusted for differences between Group and subsidiary accounting policies, as
well as the additional depreciation and amortization that would have been recognized had fair value adjustments to
intangible assets been applied from January 1, 2025, including related tax effects.

(€ million)

December 8, 2025

Cash consideration

83.1

Contingent consideration

18.7

Total consideration transferred

101.8

Contingent consideration
An additional cash consideration of up to €30.3 million (US$35 million), the “Axus earn‑out,” may become payable if
the Axus achieves specified sales and operational targets over 2026–2027. The 2026 earn‑out of up to €8.7 million
(US$10 million) may become payable in Q1 2027, and the 2027 earn‑out of up to €30.3 million (US$35 million) will be
adjusted for any amount paid in 2026. Based on current forecasts, management expects 78% of the financial earnout targets to be met and full achievement of the three non‑financial targets of €4.3 million (US$5 million) each.
The fair value of the contingent consideration amounts to €18.7 million (US$21.6 million), representing the
discounted value of the expected cash payment of €27.4 million (US$31.7 million).

Acquisition-related costs
Acquisition-related costs of €2 million are included in administrative expenses (SG&A) in the statement of profit or
loss and in operating cash flows in the statement of cash flows.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed

Measurement of fair values

The following table summarizes the recognized amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the
acquisition date.

The valuation techniques used for measuring the fair value of material assets acquired were as follows.

(€ million)

Intangible assets, net

December 8, 2025

65.8

Of which:
Purchased technology

32.9

Other Intangibles

32.9

Right of use assets

2.0

Property, plant & equipment

3.5

Accounts receivable, net

4.5

Inventories, net

7.6

Contract assets

2.7

Prepayments

0.2

Cash & cash equivalents

1.7

Total Assets

Assets acquired

Valuation technique

Technology

Relief-from-Royalty (“RFR”) method

Customer relationships

Multi period excess earning method (“MEEM”)

Brand name – Axus Technology

Relief-from-Royalty (“RFR”) method

__

174

The goodwill is attributable to the workforce, expected entity specific synergies in relation to leveraging on ASM’s
worldwide network and production capacity, and the high profitability of the acquired business. The goodwill is
expected to be deductible for income-tax purposes.

Estimated amortization and earn-out expenses
The estimated PPA amortization, acquisition related share-based compensation and earn-out expenses relating to
the acquisition of the Axus Entities are as follows:

88.0
€ million

2026
Estimate

2027
Estimate

2028
Estimate

Years
thereafter

(0.9)

Net research and development expenses

(2.2)

(2.2)

(2.2)

(25.9)

Trade payables

(2.4)

Selling, general and administrative expenses 1

(9.7)

(5.6)

(3.5)

(13.5)

Contract liabilities

(0.5)

Total impact on operating results

(11.9)

(7.8)

(5.7)

(39.4)

Accrued and other liabilities

(4.2)

Total Liabilities assumed

(8.0)

Finance expense 2

(3.9)

(2.5)

(0.5)

-

Total net identifiable assets

80.0

Total consideration transferred

101.8

Goodwill on acquisition

21.8

Non-current lease liabilities

Income taxes
Total impact on net earnings

2.5

1.6

1.2

8.3

(13.3)

(8.7)

(5.0)

(31.1)

1

The total cash consideration includes a €12.3 million prepaid share‑based component that is contingent on the sellers’
continued employment. This amount is therefore treated as post‑employment remuneration, with the related expense
recognized in SG&A over the vesting period (assumed 100% vesting).
2
Finance expenses include the change in fair value of the contingent consideration ("Axus earn-out").

Amortization of purchased technology is allocated to research and development expenses. Amortization related to
the brand name and customer relationship is recognized under selling, general and administrative expenses.
Finance expenses include the change in fair value of the contingent consideration ("Axus earn-out").

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Note 2. Right-of-use assets

Amounts recognized in profit or loss

The company leases many assets, including land, buildings, houses, motor vehicles, machinery and equipment.
Leases typically run up to a period of five years, some with an option to renew the lease after the end of the noncancellable period. Lease payments are renegotiated on a periodic basis; timing is dependent on the region and
type of lease. The company has not entered into any sublease arrangements.

(€ million)

The company has applied the exception not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term
leases (lease term of 12 months or less) and leases of low-value assets (up to the amount of €5,000 new asset
value, such as water/ air purifiers).

Impairment charges

Motor vehicles

Other machinery
and equipment

Total

Balance January 1, 2024

32.1

1.3

1.9

35.4

Additions

7.9

1.1

0.1

9.1

Modifications and reassessments

4.6

0.2

0.2

5.0

Depreciation for the year

(11.9)

(1.3)

(0.6)

(13.9)

-

-

-

-

0.9

-

0.1

0.9

33.5

1.3

1.7

36.5

2.0

-

-

2.0

Additions

5.5

1.1

0.1

6.7

Modifications and reassessments

5.2

-

0.1

5.3

Depreciation for the year

(11.4)

(1.1)

(0.6)

(13.0)

Foreign currency translation effect
Balance December 31, 2024
Acquisitions through business combinations

Impairment charges

2025

2024

Interest on lease liabilities

0.8

0.8

Depreciation expenses

13.0

13.9

-

-

Expenses relating to short-term and low value leases

0.5

0.6

Total

14.2

15.3

2025

2024

14.1

14.2

Amounts recognized in statement of cash flows
Land and
buildings

Impairment charges

175

Leases under IFRS 16

Right-of-use assets

(€ million)

__

-

-

-

-

Foreign currency translation effect

(2.4)

-

(0.1)

(2.5)

Balance December 31, 2025

32.5

1.2

1.2

35.0

Total cash outflow for leases

Extension options
The extension options held are exercisable only by the company and not by the lessors. The company assesses at
lease commencement date whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension options. The company
reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the options at year-end for material lease components, if
there is a significant event or significant changes in circumstances within its control.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

176

Note 3. Property, plant and equipment
The changes in the amount of property, plant and equipment are as follows:
Land, buildings and
leasehold improvements

Machinery and
equipment

Furniture and fixtures and
other equipment

Assets under construction

Total

At cost
Balance January 1, 2024
Additions
Disposals
Transfer from assets under construction
Foreign currency translation effect
Balance December 31, 2024

190.3
2.5
(0.3)
5.5
2.0
200.0

413.7
0.6
(7.6)
49.4
7.7
463.8

61.2
2.8
(2.6)
12.3
0.2
73.9

50.0
162.0
(67.2)
1.9
146.6

715.1
167.9
(10.5)
11.8
884.3

Acquisitions through business combinations
Additions
Disposals
Transfer from assets under construction
Foreign currency translation effect
Balance December 31, 2025

0.4
(9.1)
58.4
(20.6)
229.0

3.5
2.7
(2.1)
55.4
(47.4)
476.0

0.2
(2.1)
12.3
(5.9)
78.4

215.2
(1.2)
(126.0)
(14.0)
220.5

3.5
218.5
(14.5)
(87.9)
1,004.0

Accumulated depreciation and impairment
Balance January 1, 2024
Depreciation for the year
Impairment charges
Disposals
Foreign currency translation effect
Balance December 31, 2024

42.4
10.6
(0.2)
0.6
53.4

256.4
52.5
(6.8)
6.8
308.9

30.1
9.7
(2.1)
0.3
37.9

1.2
1.2

330.2
72.7
(9.1)
7.7
401.4

Depreciation for the year
Impairment charges
Disposals
Foreign currency translation effect
Balance December 31, 2025

14.1
0.2
(8.9)
(4.4)
54.4

57.4
1.5
(2.0)
(33.5)
332.2

11.2
(1.7)
(3.3)
44.1

(1.2)
-

82.7
1.6
(13.9)
(41.2)
430.7

Carrying amounts
December 31, 2024

146.6

155.0

36.0

145.4

482.9

December 31, 2025

174.6

143.8

34.3

220.5

573.2

Useful lives in years

1-25

2-10

2-10

(€ million)

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Note 4. Evaluation tools at customers

Note 5. Goodwill

The changes in the amount of evaluation tools are as follows:

The carrying amount of the goodwill is related to acquisitions in the following cash-generating units:
December 31,

(€ million)

ALD

PEALD

SiC Epi

CMP

Total

Balance January 1, 2024

2.6

26.7

290.8

-

320.2

-

1.2

-

-

1.2

2.6

27.9

290.8

-

321.3

-

-

-

21.8

21.8

2024

Balance at beginning of year

141.5

107.4

Balance December 31, 2024

Evaluation tools shipped

54.0

63.3

Acquisitions through business combinations

Evaluation tools sold and returns

(30.0)

(33.0)

Foreign currency translation effect

Foreign currency translation effect

(16.9)

3.8

Balance at end of year

148.6

141.5

Foreign currency translation effect

Accumulated depreciation
Balance at beginning of year

32.0

27.8

Depreciation for the year

26.2

20.4

Evaluation tools sold and returns

(11.6)

(16.8)

Foreign currency translation effect

(4.1)

0.6

Balance at end of year

42.5

32.0

Carrying amount at beginning of year

109.5

79.6

Carrying amount at end of year

106.1

109.5

Useful lives in years:

Evaluation tools enable ASM to win new business and expand its technological footprint by gaining penetration at
new customers and with new applications.

5

177

(€ million)

2025

At cost

__

ASM Annual Report 2025

Balance December 31, 2025

-

(2.2)

-

(0.3)

(2.6)

2.6

25.7

290.8

21.4

340.5

We perform our annual impairment test at the same time each year, in the fourth quarter, based on a five‑year
outlook. For the current year, the impairment model has been applied consistently with prior periods. The
recoverable amount is now assessed against the carrying amount as at 31 December rather than 30 September.
This change in reference date has no impact on the prior year’s assessment and does not affect the outcome of the
current year’s impairment analysis. Impairment testing is also performed whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets at risk (including goodwill, other non‑current assets,
purchased technology, capitalized development, and working capital) may not be recoverable.
For our impairment test and the determination of the recoverable amount, a discounted future cash flow approach
is used which makes use of our estimates of future revenues, driven by assumed market growth and estimated
costs as well as appropriate discount rates.
The key assumptions used for the discounted future cash flows of the cash-generating units (CGUs) are:

• an average discount rate of 10.9% (2024: 8.6%) representing the pre-tax weighted average cost of capital;
• determined by ASM through customer engagement, market research and the use of external market segment
data (e.g., TechInsights), historical data and strategic plans to estimate cash-flow growth per product line; and

• cash-flow calculations are limited to four years of cash flow; after these four years, perpetuity growth rates are
set based on the market maturity of the products. For all products, the perpetuity growth rates used are 2% or
less.
These assumptions are consistent with the plans and estimated costs we use to manage the underlying business.
We expect the demand for these technologies to continue beyond a period of four years and therefore we have
included perpetuity growth rates in our assumptions. Based on this analysis, management concluded that as per
December 31, 2025 the recoverable amount of the CGUs exceeded the carrying value.
As part of the annual impairment assessment, management performed sensitivity analyses to assess the
robustness of the recoverable amounts. Downside scenarios included an increased WACC, reduced projected cash

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

flows reflecting climate‑related and other business risks, and the application of a zero perpetuity growth rate. None
of these sensitivities individually, resulted in a recoverable amount below the carrying amount for any CGU. All
CGUs continue to show that no reasonably possible change in individual key assumptions would cause the carrying
amount of the assets at risk, including goodwill, to exceed their recoverable amount.
On December 8, 2025, the company completed the acquisition of Axus. Given the timing and the nature of the
initial accounting, the headroom considerations described above do not apply to Axus as of December 31, 2025.
Climate-related risk: The company constantly monitors climate-related risks, including physical risks and transition
risks, when measuring the recoverable amount. While the company does not believe its operations are currently
significantly exposed to physical risk, the value-in-use may be impacted in several different ways by transition risk,
such as climate-related legislation, climate-related regulations and changes in demand for the entities products.
Even though the company has concluded that no single climate-related assumption is a key assumption for the
2025 test of goodwill, the company has incorporated a reduction in projected cash flows to asses the impact of
potential additional unrecoverable costs due to climate change.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

178

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

179

Note 6. Other intangible assets
Other intangible assets include capitalized development expenditure, software developed or purchased (including
licenses) for internal use, and purchased technology from third parties. The changes in the amount of other
intangible assets are as follows:
(€ million)

Development costs

Software

Purchased technology

Other intangibles

Total

Balance January 1, 2024
Additions
Disposals
Derecognition
Foreign currency translation effect

664.0
166.3
(103.3)
(0.9)

55.7
30.1
(0.9)
1.5

219.6
1.4

90.8
0.4
(0.1)

1,030.0
196.8
(0.9)
(103.3)
1.9

Balance December 31, 2024

726.2

86.5

220.9

91.1

1,124.7

Acquisitions through business combinations
Additions
Disposals
Derecognition
Foreign currency translation effect

205.1
(117.2)
-

44.5
(1.4)
(5.2)

32.9
(1.9)
(3.5)

32.9
0.3
(0.1)
(0.4)

65.8
249.8
(3.4)
(117.2)
(9.1)

Balance December 31, 2025

814.1

124.4

248.4

123.8

1,310.6

Balance January 1, 2024

239.7

33.3

27.2

24.2

324.4

Amortization for the year
Impairments
Derecognition
Disposals
Foreign currency translation effect

65.9
0.4
(103.3)
(0.2)

3.5
(0.9)
0.2

14.1
0.2

4.9
(0.1)

88.3
0.4
(103.3)
(0.9)
-

Balance December 31, 2024

202.6

36.1

41.5

29.0

309.1

Amortization for the year
Impairments
Derecognition
Disposals
Foreign currency translation effect

92.4
9.7
(117.2)
-

6.0
(1.0)
(0.8)

14.0
(1.9)
(0.9)

5.2
(0.1)
0.1

117.6
9.7
(117.2)
(3.0)
(1.6)

Balance December 31, 2025

187.5

40.3

52.7

34.1

314.7

December 31, 2024

523.6

50.4

179.5

62.1

815.6

December 31, 2025

626.6

84.1

195.7

89.6

995.9

At cost

Accumulated amortization and impairment losses

Carrying amounts

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

The carrying amount of other intangibles consists of customer relationships €87.6 million (2024: €59.0 million),
trade name €2.1 million (2024: €1.5 million), and other €1.3 million (2024: €1.6 million).

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

180

Capitalized development costs are amortized over their estimated useful lives of five years. Amortization starts
when the developed asset is ready for its intended use. For the company, this occurs when the application is
transferred to high-volume manufacturing.

We perform an annual impairment test in the fourth quarter of each year or if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of development costs exceeds its recoverable amount. A discounted future cash
flow approach is used which makes use of our estimates of future revenues, driven by assumed market growth and
estimated costs as well as appropriate discount rates. For the impairment test, reference is made to Note 5.
Impairment charges on capitalized development costs are included in operating expenses under research and
development. Impairment of capitalized development expenses primarily related to development of new hardware
for which customer demand has shifted out in time, new process technologies that were not successful, and
purchased technology which became obsolete. The impairment charges for 2025 and 2024 related to customerspecific projects.

Capitalized development costs are derecognition upon disposal; or when no future economic benefits are
anticipated from its use or disposal. The derecognition in 2025 (and 2024) pertain to fully amortized projects that
were either previously impaired or succeeded by subsequent development projects, thus no future economic
benefits are expected from these projects.
The company estimated a useful life of purchased technology of 15 years; other intangibles assets are amortized
over their estimated useful lives of, respectively, four years (trade name) and 15-17 years (customer relationships).
The amortization of development costs and purchased technology is included in R&D expenses in the P&L. The
amortization of the trade name and customer relationships is included in SG&A.

Actual / estimated amortization expenses relating to other intangible assets are as follows:
Development costs

(€ million)

2025 (actual)
Estimated

Software

92.4

-

92.4

Amortization started ("in use")

Future amortization start date
("in development")

Total expected amortization

Purchased technology

Other intangibles

6.0

14.0

Total

5.2

117.6

2026

84.2

18.0

102.2

10.4

16.1

7.5

136.3

2027

75.8

46.5

122.3

9.3

16.1

6.8

154.5

2028

63.5

69.5

133.0

8.6

16.1

6.8

164.4

2029

35.8

72.8

108.6

8.4

16.1

6.6

139.7

2030

1.9

73.0

75.0

8.4

16.1

6.0

105.4

-

85.5

85.5

39.0

115.1

56.0

295.6

261.2

365.3

626.6

84.1

195.7

89.6

995.9

Years thereafter
Estimated amortization
(total)

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

181

Note 7. Investments in associates
The location included below is the principal place of business of the specified associates. The principal place of
business and country for ASMPT deviates from the place of incorporation (Cayman Islands).
% Ownership December 31,

Name

2025

2024

Location

Associates
Levitech BV

Almere, the Netherlands

26.64 %

26.64 %

SiC systems AB

Lunds Kommun, Sweden

50.00 %

50.00 %

ASMPT Ltd

Singapore

24.65 %

24.73 %

Levitech BV is valued at nil (2024: nil).
The changes in the investment in associates are as follows:
ASMPT

Other

Total

Net equity share

Other (in)tangible
assets

Goodwill

Total ASMPT

Net equity share

455.0

3.4

403.0

861.4

0.5

861.9

-

-

-

-

-

-

Share in net earnings of investments in associates

10.0

-

10.0

-

10.0

Other comprehensive income of investments in associates

(1.3)

-

(1.3)

-

(1.3)

-

(0.4)

(0.4)

-

(0.4)
(13.7)

(€ million)

Balance January 1, 2024
Reversal of impairments of investments in associates, net

Amortization recognized intangible assets
Dividends

(13.7)

-

(13.7)

-

Dilution ASMPT share to 24.73%

3.5

-

3.5

-

3.5

Foreign currency translation effect

15.2

0.2

28.1

43.5

-

43.5

468.7

3.3

431.1

903.1

0.5

903.6

Balance December 31, 2024
Reversal of impairments of investments in associates, net

-

-

-

-

-

-

Share in net earnings of investments in associates

25.1

-

-

25.1

-

25.1

Other comprehensive income of investments in associates

1.0

-

-

1.0

-

1.0

Amortization recognized intangible assets

-

(0.4)

-

(0.4)

-

(0.4)

Dividends

(6.7)

-

-

(6.7)

-

(6.7)

Dilution ASMPT share to 24.65%

0.6

-

-

0.6

-

0.6

Foreign currency translation effect

(27.1)

(0.4)

(50.8)

(78.3)

-

(78.3)

Balance December 31, 2025

461.7

2.5

380.3

844.6

0.5

845.1

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

The company's interests in Levitech and SIC systems AB are, individually and in aggregate, immaterial to the
consolidated financial statements, therefore no further disclosures included.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

182

(€ million)

2025

2024

Revenues

1,551.5

1,558.6

Following the divestment of a controlling stake in ASMPT on March 15, 2013, the remaining investment has been
accounted for using fair‑value–based adjustments as if a purchase price allocation (PPA) under IFRS 3 had
occurred. The associate was recognized at its fair value at closing, with the PPA identifying intangible assets, such
as customer relationships, technology, trade names, and product names, as well as goodwill, and fair‑value
adjustments to inventories and property, plant and equipment.

Income before income tax

137.3

59.1

Net earnings from continuing operations

122.6

40.3

Net earnings from discontinued operations

(20.7)

-

Other comprehensive income

122.9

(67.7)

The ASMPT investment is accounted for under the equity method on a go-forward basis. Equity method
investments are tested for prolonged impairment. An investment is considered impaired if the higher of fair value of
the investment or value in use is less than its carrying value. If the higher of fair value of an investment or value in
use is less than its carrying value at the balance sheet date, the company determines whether the impairment is
temporary or prolonged. Management concluded that there is no objective evidence for impairment as of 31
December 2025.

Total comprehensive income

225.0

(28.0)

25.1

9.9

The amount per share recognized as per December 31, 2025, under equity accounting amounts to HK$75.0,
whereas the level 1 fair value per share (being the market price of a share on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) was
HK$77.5 as per December 31, 2025.
In December 2025, 1,321,700 common shares of ASMPT were issued, for cash at par value of HK$0.10 per share,
pursuant to the Employee Share Incentive Scheme of ASMPT. ASM's ownership in ASMPT has diluted to 24.65% as
of December 31, 2025 due to the shares issued under the plan in 2025.
The company accounted for a €215 million impairment on our investment in associates in the Q1 2025 press
release, which was fully reversed in subsequent quarters following an increase in the recoverable amount. The
reversals were non‑cash adjustments reflecting the higher market valuation of our share in ASMPT.

Groups share in net earnings 24.65% (2024: 24.73%)

Summarized 100% statement of financial position information for ASMPT equity method investment excluding basis
adjustments (foreign currency exchange rate per December 31, 2025, was 1 HK$: €0.10933 for December 31,
2024: 1 HK$: €0.12394).
December 31,
(€ million)

2025

2024

1,893.2

1,876.5

Non-current assets

945.9

1,066.5

Current liabilities

513.5

506.2

Non-current liabilities

452.8

535.8

1,872.7

1,900.9

461.7

468.6

Current assets

Total equity

Groups share in equity 24.65% (2024: 24.73%)

Per December 31, 2025, the book value of our equity method investment in ASMPT was €844.6 million. The
historical cost basis of our 24.65% share of net assets on the books of ASMPT under IFRS was €461.7 million as of
December 31, 2025, resulting in a basis difference of €382.8 million. €2.5 million of this basis difference has been
allocated to intangible assets. The remaining amount was allocated to equity method goodwill. Each individual,
identifiable asset will periodically be reviewed for any indicators of potential impairment. We amortize the basis
differences allocated to the assets on a straight-line basis, and include the impact within the results of our equity
method investments. Amortization and depreciation are adjusted for related deferred tax impacts. Included in net
income attributable to ASM for 2024 was an after-tax expense of €0.4 million, representing the depreciation and
amortization of the basis differences.
Summarized 100% earnings information of continuing operations for ASMPT equity method investment excluding
basis adjustments (foreign currency exchange rate average 2025: 1 HK$: €0.11295 for December 31, 2024: 1 HK$:
€0.11782).

ASMPT discontinued a minor part of its business during the year, which it classified as an asset held for sale in its
financial statements. The impact of these discontinued operations on net earnings is reflected in the table above
(presented on a 100% basis). Further information is available on ASMPT’s website.
The ASMPT Board is responsible for ongoing monitoring of the performance of ASMPT. The actual results of
ASMPT are discussed with the ASMPT Audit Committee, which includes the representative of ASM. The ASM
representative reports to the ASM Management Board and the Audit Committee of ASM on a quarterly basis.
Our share of income taxes incurred directly by the associates is reported in income of investments in associates
and as such is not included in income taxes in our consolidated financial statements.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

183

Note 8. Inventories

Note 9. Accounts receivable

Inventories consist of the following:

A significant percentage of our accounts receivable is derived from sales to a limited number of large multinational
semiconductor device manufacturers located throughout the world. In order to monitor potential expected credit
losses, we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financial condition.

December 31,
2025

2024

Components and raw materials

492.4

426.0

Work in progress

80.0

131.3

Finished goods

87.4

96.8

659.8

654.1

(€ million)

Total inventories, gross

Allowance for obsolescence

(107.7)

(87.1)

Total inventories, net

552.1

567.0

December 31,
(€ million)

2025

2024

Balance at beginning of year

(87.1)

(40.8)

-

-

Additions

(39.9)

(62.3)

Reversals

11.7

14.6

Utilization of the provision

3.3

2.5

Foreign currency translation effect

4.3

(1.2)

(107.7)

(87.1)

Balance at end of year

December 31,
(€ million)

2025

2024

Current

505.9

681.9

Overdue <30 days

9.3

47.6

Overdue 31-60 days

16.7

18.2

Overdue 61-120 days

12.8

19.3

Overdue >120 days

17.4

21.9

562.1

789.0

Total

The changes in the allowance for obsolescence are as follows:

Acquisitions through business combinations

The carrying amount of accounts receivable is as follows:

On December 31, 2025, our allowance for inventory obsolescence amounted to €107.7 million, which is 16.3% of
total gross inventory. The major part of the allowance is related to components and raw materials. The additions for
2025 and 2024 mainly relate to inventory items which ceased to be used due to technological developments and
design changes resulting in obsolescence of certain parts. Allowance for obsolescence increased due to prior
years' measures to increase stock levels to minimize the impact of supply chain constraints, in conjunction with
continued downturn in Epi SiC market.
The cost of inventories recognized as costs and included in cost of sales amounted to €1,104.6 million (2024:
€1,082.0 million).

An allowance for doubtful accounts receivable is maintained for potential expected credit losses based upon
management’s assessment of the expected collectability of all accounts receivable. The allowance for doubtful
accounts is reviewed periodically to assess the adequacy of the allowance. In making this assessment,
management takes into consideration any circumstances of which we are aware regarding a customer’s inability to
meet its financial obligations, and our judgments as to potential prevailing economic conditions in the industry and
their potential impact on the company’s customers.
The changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable are as follows:
December 31,
(€ million)

2025

2024

Balance at beginning of year

(1.0)

(1.5)

Charged to selling, general and administrative expenses

0.1

(0.4)

Utilization of the provision

-

0.9

Balance at end of year

(0.9)

(1.0)

The trade receivables are reviewed for expected credit losses (ECL) on an individual basis. The ECL recognized as
of December 31, 2025 reflects management’s assessment of expected losses and is inherently insignificant,
supported by the historically strong customer payment patterns and the presence of secured positions, including
Letters of Credit, which significantly mitigate credit‑risk exposure.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

As of December 31, 2025, €56.2 million of accounts receivable were past due. These receivables are considered
recoverable because they relate to customers with no recent history of default and no indications of increased
future credit risk, and, where applicable secured payment arrangements. Further details on credit‑risk management
and exposure are provided in Note 18.

Note 10. Other current assets

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

184

Note 12. Equity
Our Management Board has the power to issue common shares and (financing) preferred shares insofar as the
Management Board has been authorized to do so by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM). The
Management Board requires the approval of the Supervisory Board for such an issue. The authorization by the AGM
can only be granted for a certain period. In the case that the AGM has not authorized the Management Board to
issue shares, the AGM shall have the power to issue shares.

Other current assets consist of the following:

Capital management
December 31,
(€ million)

2025

2024

Prepayments

36.7

25.9

VAT receivable

34.2

29.6

Others

13.8

14.7

Total

84.8

70.3

Note 11. Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2025, include bank deposits and investments in money market funds
that invest in marketable debt obligations and securities of governments, corporates and financial institutions. The
amount invested in deposits at the end of 2025 was €697 million (2024: €380 million), money market funds €38
million (2024: €92 million) and interest‑bearing bank accounts of €292 million (2024: €455 million). Our cash and
cash equivalents are predominantly denominated in US dollars, and partly in euros, Singapore dollars, Korean won,
and Japanese yen.
Bank guarantees are in place for an amount of €2.5 million at December 31, 2025 (€1.1 million as per December 31,
2024). These guarantees mainly relate to lease and tax payments.
Cash and cash equivalents have insignificant interest-rate risk and remaining maturities of maximum three months
or can be converted into cash without no more than 30 days' notice. Except for an amount of €0.1 million (2024:
€0.5 million), there are no restrictions on usage of cash and cash equivalents. The carrying amount of these
financial assets approximates their fair value. The company has not recognized a provision for expected credit loss
for cash and cash equivalents due to the insignificance of the amount.

The Board’s policy is to maintain a strong capital base in order to retain investor, creditor and market confidence
and to sustain future development of the business. Management strives to maintain a cash position of at least €800
million to reflect a balance between investing in growth of the business, its policy to pay a sustainable dividend and
returning excess cash to shareholders. With the publication of the Q4 2025 results on March 3, 2026, we
announced a new €150 million share buyback program. The company’s objective is to achieve a sound return on
shareholders’ equity. The company is monitoring its capital ratio of net debt to total shareholders’ equity which
should not exceed 1.5. There were no changes to the Board’s approach to capital management during the year.

Common shares, preferred and financing preferred shares
Following the amendment of the articles of association on August 3, 2018, the authorized capital of the company
amounts to 82,500,000 common shares of €0.04 par value, 88,500 preferred shares of €40 par value and 6,000
financing preferred shares of €40 par value.
As per December 31, 2025, 49,328,548 common shares with a nominal value of €0.04 each were issued and fully
paid up, of which 446,999 common shares are held by us in treasury. All shares have one vote per €0.04 par value.
Treasury shares held by the company cannot be voted on. Of our 48,881,549 outstanding common shares at
December 31, 2025, 47,505,918 are registered with our transfer agent in the Netherlands, ABN AMRO Bank N.V.,
and 1,822,630 are registered with our transfer agent in the United States, Citibank, NA, New York.
Financing preferred shares are designed to allow ASM to finance equity with an instrument paying a preferred
dividend, linked to Euribor loans and government loans, without the dilutive effects of issuing additional common
shares.
Preferred and financing preferred shares are issued in registered form only and are subject to transfer restrictions.
Essentially, a preferred or financing preferred shareholder must obtain the approval of the company's Supervisory
Board to transfer shares. If approval is denied, the Supervisory Board will provide a list of acceptable prospective
buyers who are willing to purchase the shares at a cash price to be fixed by consent of the Supervisory Board and
seller within two months after the approval is denied. If the transfer is approved, the shareholder must complete the
transfer within three months, at which time the approval expires.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Preferred shares are entitled to a cumulative preferred dividend based on the amount paid up on such shares.
Financing preferred shares are entitled to a cumulative dividend based on the par value and share premium paid on
such shares.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

185

The following table shows the change in number of treasury shares and outstanding shares:

Treasury shares

Outstanding
shares

Balance at beginning of year

230,731

49,097,817

Purchases of common shares by the issuer and affiliated purchasers

Purchase common shares

322,533

(322,533)

On May 12, 2025, the AGM authorized the company, for an 18-month period, to be calculated from the date of the
AGM, to repurchase its own shares up to 10% of the issued capital, at a price at least equal to the shares’ nominal
value and at most a price equal to 110% of the shares' average closing price according to the listing on the Euronext
Amsterdam stock exchange during the five trading days preceding the purchase date.

Vesting restricted shares out of treasury shares

(106,265)

106,265

-

-

446,999

48,881,549

Number of shares

As per December 31, 2025, no preferred shares and no financing preferred shares are issued.

On February 25, 2025, ASM announced a share buyback program to purchase up to an amount of €150 million of its
own shares within the 2025 time frame. This program started on April 30, 2025, and was completed on July 25,
2025.

Period

Total number of shares
purchased Average price paid per share (€)

Cumulative number of shares
purchased

April, 2025

4,177

€423.50

4,177

May, 2025

63,632

€467.15

67,809

June, 2025

55,528

€513.38

123,337

July, 2025

199,196

€451.81

322,533

Total

322,533

€465.07

Cancellation treasury shares
Balance at end of year

ASM intends to use part of the shares for commitments under the employee share-based compensation schemes
and the performance shares program for the Management Board.

Treasury shares
On December 31, 2025, we had 48,881,549 outstanding common shares excluding 446,999 treasury shares. This
compared to 49,097,817 outstanding common shares and 230,731 treasury shares at December 31, 2024. The
change in the number of treasury shares in 2025 was the result of 322,533 repurchased shares and 106,265
treasury shares that were used as part of share-based payments.
2025

2024

49,328,548

49,428,548

230,731

226,802

49,097,817

49,201,746

Share buybacks

322,533

228,389

Treasury shares used for share-based performance programs

106,265

124,460

Treasury shares used for exercise stock options

-

-

Issue of common shares used for share-based performance programs

-

-

Cancellation of treasury shares

-

(100,000)

49,328,548

49,328,548

446,999

230,731

48,881,549

49,097,817

As per January 1:
Issued shares
Treasury shares

On February 27, 2024, ASM announced a share buyback program to purchase up to an amount of €150 million of its
own shares within the 2024 time frame. This program started on May 15, 2024, and was completed on July 25,
2024.

Period

Total number of shares
purchased Average price paid per share (€)

Cumulative number of shares
purchased

May, 2024

72,961

€653.45

72,961

June, 2024

17,360

€654.77

90,321

July, 2024

138,068

€658.78

228,389

Total

228,389

€656.77

The share buyback programs were executed by intermediaries through on-exchange purchases or through offexchange trades. ASM updated the markets on the progress of the share buyback programs on a weekly basis.

Outstanding shares
Changes during the year:

As per December 31:
Issued shares
Treasury shares
Outstanding shares

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Retained earnings
Distributions to common shareholders are limited to the extent the total amount of shareholders’ equity exceeds
the amounts of nominal paid-in share capital (exclusive any share premium) and any reserves to be formed
pursuant to law or the company’s Articles of Association. The amounts are derived from the company financial
statements of ASM.
ASM aims to pay a sustainable annual dividend. The Supervisory Board, upon proposal of the Management Board,
will annually assess the amount of dividend that will be proposed to the AGM. The decision that a dividend be
proposed to the AGM will be subject to the availability of distributable profits as well as retained earnings and may
be affected by our potential future funding requirements. Accordingly, dividend payments may fluctuate and could
decline or be omitted in any year.
Over 2024, we paid in total a dividend of €3.00 per common share as regular dividend, and was paid after the 2025
AGM in May 2025. We will propose to the forthcoming 2026 AGM to declare a regular dividend of €3.25 per share
over 2025.
Results on dilution of investments in associates are accounted for directly in equity. For 2025 and 2024, these
dilution results were €0.6 million and €3.5 million, respectively.

Other reserves
The changes in the amounts of other reserves are as follows:

Proportionate share in
other comprehensive
income of investments
in associates

Remeasurem
ent on net
defined
benefit

Foreign
currency
translation
reserve

Total other
reserves

Balance January 1, 2024

2.3

1.1

100.6

104.0

Proportionate share in other comprehensive income of
investments in associates

(1.3)

-

-

(1.3)

Remeasurement on net defined benefit

-

0.7

-

0.7

Foreign currency translation effect on foreign operations

-

-

70.0

70.0

Balance December 31, 2024

1.0

1.8

170.6

173.4

Proportionate share in other comprehensive income of
investments in associates

1.0

-

-

1.0

Remeasurement on net defined benefit

-

0.6

-

0.6

Foreign currency translation effect on foreign operations

-

-

(214.7)

(214.7)

2.0

2.3

(44.1)

(39.7)

(€ million)

Balance December 31, 2025

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

186

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Note 13. Employee benefits

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

187

The net liability (asset) of the plan developed as follows:

Pension plans

December 31,

The company has retirement plans covering substantially all employees. The principal plans are defined
contribution plans, except for the plans of the company’s operations in the Netherlands and Japan.

(€ million)

Defined benefit obligations

5.6

8.3

Multi-employer plan

Fair value of plan assets

10.9

12.1

There are 173 eligible employees in the Netherlands. These employees participate in a multi-employer union plan
(pension fund Metalektro PME) determined in accordance with the collective bargaining agreements effective for
the industry in which we operate. This multi-employer union plan, accounted for as a defined benefit plan
(middelloonregeling), covers approximately 1,566 companies and approximately 183,436 contributing members.
Our contribution to the multi-employer union plan was less than 5% of the total contribution to the plan. The plan
monitors its risks on a global basis, not by participating company or employee, and is subject to regulation by Dutch
governmental authorities. By law (the Dutch Pension Act), a multi-employer union plan must be monitored against
specific criteria, including the coverage ratio of the plan’s assets to its obligations. As of July 1, 2023, new pension
legislation has been enacted, however pension fund Metalektro PME intends to transition as of January 2027, no
impact identified on the 2024 and 2025 financial statements. The current effective legislation results in, amongst
others, an increase of legally required coverage levels. The coverage percentage is calculated by dividing the funds
capital by the total sum of pension liabilities and is based on actual market interest rates. The average coverage
ratio as per December 31, 2025, of 120.1% (December 31, 2024: 113.1%) is calculated giving consideration to the
pension legislation. We have no obligation to pay off any deficits the pension fund may incur, nor do we have any
claim to any potential surpluses.

Net liability (asset) for defined benefit plans

(5.2)

(3.8)

Every company participating in the PME contributes a premium calculated as a percentage of its total pensionable
salaries, with each company subject to the same contribution rate. The premium can fluctuate yearly based on the
coverage ratio of the multi-employer union plan. For 2025, the contribution percentage was 27.98%. The pension
rights of each employee are based upon the employee’s average salary during employment.
Our net periodic pension cost for this multi-employer union plan for any period is the amount of the required
employer contribution for that period minus the employee contribution.
Defined benefit plan
The company’s employees in Japan participate in a defined benefit plan. The company makes contributions to
defined benefit plans in Japan that provide pension benefits for employees upon retirement. These are averagepay plans, based on the employees' years of service and compensation near retirement.
The most recent actuarial valuations of plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligation were
carried out on December 31, 2025. The present value of the defined benefit obligation and the related current
service cost and past service cost were measured using the projected unit credit method. Significant actuarial
assumptions for the determination of the defined obligation are discount rate, future general salary increases, and
future pension increases.

2025

2024

The company does not provide for any significant post-retirement benefits other than pensions.

Deferred compensation plan
Our non-qualified deferred compensation plan enables more senior US employees to postpone a percentage of
their salary and/or bonuses. At its sole discretion, we may credit participant accounts with company contributions.
Participants can allocate their deferrals among the plan's numerous investment options. At least three years after
deferral, participants choose to receive their funds in subsequent periods following the earlier of their employment
termination or their withdrawal election.
Expenses were close to nil relating to this plan in 2025 and 2024. As of December 31, 2025, our liability under
deferred compensation plans was €23.0million (2024: €17.2 million). The related compensation plan assets are
€21.5 million (2024: €15.9 million).

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

188

Long-term incentive plan for Management Board and employee

Performance and restricted shares outstanding

The company has adopted multiple share plans, including a restricted share plan and a performance share plan. It
has entered into share agreements with the Management Board and included eligible employees to participate in
the restricted share plan. Under the restricted share plan, employees receive per the vesting date a specific
number of shares of the company’s common stock. In 2025, 54% of our global headcount was eligible to the
restricted share plan. Under the performance share plan, the Management Board and Executive Committee
members receive per the vesting date, and provided the performance criteria have been met, a specific number of
shares of the company’s common stock.

The following table is a summary of changes in performance shares and restricted shares outstanding under the
2014 long-term incentive plan.

Authority to issue shares

Shares granted, employees

By resolution of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) of May 12, 2025, the formal authority to issue
shares was allocated to the Management Board subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board. This authority is
valid for 18 months and needs to be refreshed by the 2026 AGM to allow the continued application of the long-term
incentive (LTI) plans beyond November 12, 2026. The company hasn't granted new options since its last grant date
per April 2017.

Shares granted, employees
Shares granted, Management Board and ExCo

Number of
performance
shares

Number of
restricted shares

32,999

236,437

Unconditional

-

80,896

€579.25

Conditional

4,461

-

€584.53

Conditional

9,001

-

€581.81

Unconditional

2,358

-

€260.33

Shares vested

(16,384)

(108,076)

Shares forfeited

(644)

(20,038)

31,791

189,219

-

118,611

Status

Balance January 1, 2024

Shares granted, Management Board

The ASM 2014 long-term incentive plan for employees (ELTI) is principally administered by the Management Board
and the ASM 2014 long-term incentive plan for members of the Management Board (MLTI) is principally
administered by the Supervisory Board. This complies with applicable corporate governance standards. However,
the Supervisory Board has no power to represent the company. For external purposes, the Management Board
remains the competent body under both LTI plans. The LTI plans envisage that the Supervisory Board, or in the
case of the ELTI the Management Board with the approval of the Supervisory Board, will determine the number of
shares to be granted to the Management Board members and to employees.

Balance December 31, 2024

2014 long-term incentive plan

Shares forfeited

(4,405)

(19,559)

The current long-term incentive plan was adopted in 2014. In the plan to limit potential dilution, the amount of
outstanding (vested and non-vested) shares granted to the Management Board and to other employees will not
exceed 5% of the issued ordinary share capital of ASM. The new long-term incentive plan 2014 consists of two
sub‑plans: the ELTI and the MLTI.

Balance December 31, 2025

34,511

190,045

Performance shares are primarily issued to Management Board and Executive Committee members and regularly
restricted shares are issued to employees once per annum on the date following the publication of the first-quarter
results of the relevant year. Possible grant to newly hired employees can be issued once a quarter, on the date
following the publication of the financial results of the relevant quarter. The number of shares outstanding under
the long-term incentive plans or under any other plan or arrangement in aggregate may never exceed 5% of ASM’s
share capital.

Fair value at grant
date (weighted
average)

Shares granted, employees

Unconditional

Shares granted, employees

Conditional

-

-

Shares granted, Management Board and ExCo

Conditional

12,976

-

€416.35

Shares granted, Management Board and ExCo

Unconditional

2,183

-

€313.72

(8,034)

(98,226)

Shares vested

€426.21

In 2025, treasury shares were sold for the vesting of 106,265 restricted shares.
Share-based payments expenses
The grant date fair value of the restricted shares and the performance shares is expensed on a straight-line basis
over the vesting period, based on the company’s estimate of restricted shares, and performance shares that will
eventually vest. The impact of the true‑up of the estimates is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss in the period in which the revision is determined. We recorded compensation expenses of €47,718 for 2025
(2024: €48,557).

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Note 14. Provision for warranty

Note 15. Accrued expenses and other payables

The changes in the amount of provision for warranty are as follows:

Accrued expenses and other payables consist of the following:

__

189

December 31,

December 31,
(€ million)

2025

2024

(€ million)

2025

2024

Balance January 1

33.4

22.7

Personnel-related items

122.2

164.7

Additions

55.8

41.5

Current lease liabilities

13.9

11.7

Utilization

(26.5)

(25.3)

Supplier-related items

32.4

32.5

Releases of expired warranty

(12.8)

(6.3)

Other

Foreign currency translation effect

(4.9)

0.8

28.4

26.4

Balance December 31

45.0

33.4

Total accrued expenses and other payables

197.0

235.3

Provision is made for estimated warranty claims in respect of products sold which are still under warranty at the
end of the reporting period. Costs of warranty include the cost of labor and materials to repair a product during the
warranty period. The main term of the warranty period is one year. The company accrues for the estimated cost of
the warranty on its products shipped in the provision for warranty, upon recognition of the sale of the product. The
costs are estimated based on actual historical expenses incurred and on estimated future expenses related to
current revenue, and are updated periodically. Actual warranty costs are charged against the provision for
warranty. The assumptions made in relation to the current period are consistent with those in the prior year.
Factors that could impact the estimated claim information include the success of the group’s productivity and
quality initiatives, as well as parts and labor costs. The main part of the claims is expected to be settled in the next
financial year.

Personnel-related items comprise accrued management bonuses, accrued vacation days, accrued wage tax, social
securities, and pension premiums. Other includes accruals for VAT, other taxes, and invoices to be received for
services.

Note 16. Contingent consideration payable
Asset Purchase Agreement of the Axus Activities (2025):
On December 8, 2025, ASM acquired the "Axus Entities" (refer to note 1 for further details). According to the APA
(Asset Purchase Agreement) dated November 19, 2025, ASM agreed with the seller that in the event certain
predetermined (sales) targets (including specific targets for certain markets) are achieved by the Axus Business
over the period 2026-2027, an additional consideration of up to €30.3 million (US$35 million) "Axus earn out" may
become payable. Based on current forecasts, management expects 78% of the financial earn-out targets to be met
and full achievement of the three non‑financial targets of €4.3 million (US$5 million) each.
The fair value of the contingent consideration amounts to €18.4 million (US$21.6 million), representing the
discounted value of the expected cash payment of €27.4 million (US$31.7 million).
Sale and Purchase Agreement of LPE S.p.A (2022):
Under the SPA (Sale and Purchase Agreement of LPE S.p.A., hereafter LPE ) for LPE S.p.A. dated 15 July 2022, ASM
agreed to pay an earn‑out of up to €100 million if LPE met specific sales targets for 2023–2024. As LPE’s revenues
exceeded the upper threshold, ASM paid the full earn‑out in Q3 2025: €76 million classified as investing activities
and €24 million as operating activities.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Note 17. Credit facility

Note 18. Financial instruments and financial risk management

As per December 31, 2025, ASM was debt-free. ASM may borrow under separate short-term lines of credit with
banks under an unsecured €150 million standby revolving credit facility (RCF)with a consortium of banks.

Financial instruments

__

190

Financial instruments include:

The amount outstanding as at December 31, 2025 was nil, so the undrawn portion totaled €150 million. The
undrawn portion represents the company’s standby revolving credit facility of €150 million with a consortium of
banks. The initial five-year tenor 2022 facility included a two-year extension option, which has been exercised,
bringing the maturity date to 2029. The facility amount is €150 million with an accordion option to increase the
facility by an amount of €100 million.

Year ended December 31, 2025

Financial assets /
liabilities at fair
value through Financial assets as
profit or loss 1
amortized costs

Other financial
liabilities

Total

Financial assets:
Cash and cash equivalents

The credit facility of €150 million includes one financial covenant:
• Consolidated total net debt/total shareholders’ equity ratio.

Accounts receivable

735.1

291.8

-

1,026.9

-

562.1

-

562.1

-

-

239.0

239.0

18.4

-

-

18.4

-

-

214.9

214.9

Financial assets/
liabilities at fair
value through Financial assets as
profit or loss 1
amortized costs

Other financial
liabilities

Total

Financial liabilities:
Accrued expenses and other liabilities

This financial covenant is measured twice each year: on June 30 and December 31.

Contingent consideration payable

The net debt/total shareholders’ equity ratio should not exceed 1.5. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the
company has no net debt, cash and cash equivalents amount to €1,027 million, and total equity equals the amount
of consolidated tangible net worth.

Accounts payable

The company is in compliance with the financial covenant as of December 31, 2025.

Year ended December 31, 2024
Financial assets:

The RCF agreement stipulates that in the event of a change of control of ASM, the amounts outstanding under the
arrangement may become immediately due.

Cash and cash equivalents
Accounts receivable

Next to the RCF ASM has an unsecured €15 million Uncommitted Overdraft Facility Agreement with one of its cash
management banks. The amount outstanding on December 31, 2025, was nil, so the undrawn portion totaled €15
million.

471.8

454.7

-

926.5

-

789.0

-

789.0

Financial liabilities:
Accrued expenses and other liabilities
Contingent consideration payable
Accounts payable
1

-

-

258.9

258.9

97.0

-

-

97.0

-

-

282.6

282.6

Assets consists of investments in money market funds that invest in marketable debt obligations and securities of governments, corporates
and financial institutions and dual currency deposits ( less then 3 months). Fair value measurement of the money market funds is based on
Level 1 (fair value hierarchy), remainder based on Level 2.

The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable are a reasonable
approximation of their fair values.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

__

191

Foreign currency risk

Gains or (losses) related to financial instruments are as follows:
(€ million)

2025

2024

Interest income

53.1

21.7

Interest expense

(0.9)

(1.9)

Change in fair value of contingent consideration

(3.0)

(8.7)

Result from foreign currency exchange

(83.7)

45.0

0.1

(0.4)

Addition to allowance for doubtful accounts receivable

ASM Annual Report 2025

The foreign currency exchange results in 2025 pertains to translation loss of €83.7 million, compared to translation
gain of €45.0 million in 2024. The company applies a natural hedge by matching a significant portion of its
operating costs and revenues in the same foreign currencies, which largely mitigates year‑on‑year foreign currency
impacts. However, outstanding monetary balances, most notably the cash position, remain exposed to exchange
rate movements. A substantial part of ASM’s cash position is denominated in US dollars, which together with the
exchange impact on accounts receivable, was the key driver of the exchange loss in 2025. The gain in 2024 was
predominantly driven by US‑dollar‑denominated cash positions. The company did not use derivative financial
instruments to hedge these exposures.

Financial risk factors
ASM is exposed to a number of financial risks such as market risk (including foreign currency risk), credit risk,
liquidity risk, and capital risk. Our overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial
markets and seeks to minimize potentially adverse effects on our financial performance. Our financing policy is
based on the following elements:
• Liquidity: Maintain a minimum amount of €800 million in cash and cash equivalents, which allows us to continue
investing in R&D and in the growth of our company;
• Capital structure: Maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor-, creditor-, and market confidence,
and to sustain future development of the business;
• Cash return: We intend to return cash to our shareholders on a regular basis in the form of dividend payments
and, subject to our actual and anticipated liquidity requirements and other relevant factors, share buybacks.
We might use derivative financial instruments to hedge certain risk exposures, we won't enter into such instruments
for trading or speculative purposes. We use market information to determine the fair value of our derivative
financial instruments
Market risk
Market risk includes changes in market prices – e.g. foreign currencies and interest rates, which will affect the
group’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market-risk management is to
manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimizing the return.

ASM and its subsidiaries conduct business in a number of foreign countries, with certain transactions denominated
in currencies other than the functional currency of the company (euro) or one of its subsidiaries conducting the
business. The purpose of the company's foreign currency management is to manage the effect of exchange-rate
fluctuations on income, expenses, cash flows, and assets and liabilities denominated in selected foreign currencies,
in particular denominated in US dollars.
We may use forward exchange contracts to hedge our foreign exchange risk of anticipated sales or purchase
transactions in the normal course of business which occur within the next twelve months, for which we have a firm
commitment from a customer or to a supplier. The terms of these contracts are consistent with the timing of the
transactions being hedged. There is no hedge accounting applied on the hedges therefore change in fair value
(gain or loss) on the hedges will be recognized in profit or loss.
We do not use forward exchange contracts for trading or speculative purposes.
Receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies are recorded at the exchange rate at the balance
sheet date, and gains and losses as a result of changes in exchange rates are recorded in earnings under foreign
currency exchange gains (losses) in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized on the company's consolidated statement of financial
position when the company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
To the extent that exchange rate fluctuations impact the value of the company’s investments in its foreign
subsidiaries, they are not hedged. The cumulative effect of these fluctuations is separately reported in
consolidated equity. Reference is made to Note 12.
Per December 31, 2025, there were no forward exchange contracts outstanding (none as per December 31, 2024).

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

192

The following table analyzes the company’s exposure to currency risk in our major currencies.
December 31,
2025
(million)

2024

USD

JPY

KRW

SGD

USD

JPY

KRW

SGD

Accounts receivable

559.9

2,685.1

11,040.7

0.8

715.1

2,032.6

9,863.8

0.5

Cash and cash equivalents

682.0

3,681.3

36,620.5

24.3

538.1

146.7

12,805.9

28.9

Accounts payable

(121.5)

(3,646.8)

(29,910.3)

(79.9)

(182.8)

(3,148.8)

(40,305.1)

(47.1)

Total in respective currencies

1,120.4

2,719.6

17,750.9

(54.9)

1,070.3

(969.5)

(17,635.4)

(17.7)

Total in EUR using 31 December exchange rates

953.6

14.7

10.7

(36.3)

1,030.3

(5.9)

(12.3)

(12.5)

The following table analyzes the company’s sensitivity to a hypothetical 10% strengthening and 10% weakening of
the US dollar, Singapore dollar, Korean won and Japanese yen against the euro as of December 31, 2025, and
December 31, 2024. This analysis includes foreign currency-denominated monetary items and adjusts their
translation at year-end for a 10% increase and 10% decrease against the euro.

Impact on financial instruments
(million)

2025

2024

10% increase of US dollar versus euro

95.4

103.0

10% decrease of US dollar versus euro

(95.4)

(103.0)

10% increase of Singapore dollar versus euro

(3.6)

(1.3)

10% decrease of Singapore dollar versus euro

3.6

1.3

10% increase of Korean won versus euro

1.0

(1.1)

10% decrease of Korean won versus euro

(1.0)

1.1

10% increase of Japanese yen versus euro

1.5

(0.6)

10% decrease of Japanese yen versus euro

(1.5)

0.6

A hypothetical 10% strengthening or 10% weakening of any other currency against the euro as of December 31,
2025, and December 31, 2024, could have a material impact on net earnings for certain currencies.
Interest risk
We are exposed to interest rate risk through our cash deposits. The company does not enter into financial
instrument transactions for trading or speculative purposes, or to manage interest-rate exposure. As per December
31, 2025, the company had no debt and was not exposed to interest rate risk on borrowings.

Credit risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject the company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash
and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and derivative instruments. These instruments contain a risk of
counterparties failing to discharge their obligations. We monitor credit risk and manage credit risk exposure by type
of financial instrument by assessing the creditworthiness of counterparties. We do not anticipate non‑performance
by counterparties, given their high creditworthiness.
Our customers are semiconductor device manufacturers located throughout the world. We perform ongoing credit
evaluations of our customers' financial condition. We take additional measures to mitigate credit risk when
considered appropriate by means of down payments or letters of credit. We generally do not require collateral or
other security to support financial instruments with credit risk.
Concentrations of credit risk (whether on- or off-balance sheet) that arise from financial instruments exist for
groups of customers or counterparties when they have similar economic characteristics that would cause their
ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic or other conditions.
We derive a significant percentage of our revenue from a small number of large customers. The 10 largest
customers accounted for approximately 72.3% of revenue in 2025 (2024: 69.7%). The five largest customers
accounted for approximately 53.6% of revenue in 2025 (2024: 50.8%). In 2025, we had two customers (2024: three
customers) who contributed more than 10% of total revenue. Revenue to these large customers may also fluctuate
significantly from time to time, depending on the timing and level of purchases by these customers. Significant
orders from such customers may expose the company to a concentration of credit risk, and difficulties in collecting
amounts due, which could harm the company’s financial results. However, given the creditworthiness of our
customers and historical experience, we have not accounted for an expected credit loss over the outstanding
balances in general. Refer to Note 9 for further information.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

We invest our cash and cash equivalents in short-term deposits, money-market funds, and derivative instruments
with high-rated financial institutions. We only enter into transactions with a limited number of major financial
institutions that have high investment grade credit ratings (e.g., S&P), and we closely monitor the creditworthiness
of our counterparties. Concentration risk is mitigated by not limiting the exposure to a single counterparty.

193

Total

Less than
1 year

1-5
years

More than
5 years

Accounts payable

282.6

282.6

-

-

Accrued expenses and other payables

235.3

235.3

-

-

Non-current lease liabilities

25.0

-

21.4

3.7

Contingent consideration payable

100.0

100.0

-

-

Purchase commitments to suppliers

616.7

523.6

93.1

-

Capital expenditure and other commitments

109.1

107.6

1.5

-

1,368.7

1,249.1

116.0

3.7

Year ended December 31, 2024

The maximum credit exposure is equal to the carrying values of cash and cash equivalents and accounts
receivable.

__

ASM Annual Report 2025

Purchase obligations:

Liquidity risk
Our policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor-, creditor-, and market confidence, and to
sustain future development of the business.

Total contractual obligations

Our liquidity needs are affected by many factors, some of which are based on the normal ongoing operations of the
business, and others that relate to the uncertainties of the global economy and the semiconductor industry.
Although our cash requirements fluctuate based on the timing and extent of these factors, we believe that cash
generated from operations, together with our principal sources of liquidity, are sufficient to satisfy our current
requirements, including our expected capital expenditures in 2025.

Total short-term lines of credit amounted to €150 million at December 31, 2025. The amount outstanding at
December 31, 2025 was nil and the undrawn portion totaled €150 million. The standby revolving credit facility of
€150 million with a consortium of banks will be available through May 31, 2027.

We intend to return cash to our shareholders on a regular basis in the form of dividend payments and, subject to
our actual and anticipated liquidity requirements and other relevant factors, share buybacks.

For the majority of purchase commitments, the company has flexible delivery schedules depending on the market
conditions, which allows the company, to a certain extent, to delay delivery beyond originally planned delivery
schedules.

The following table summarizes the company’s contractual obligations:

Capital risk

Year ended December 31, 2025

Total

Less than
1 year

1-5
years

More than
5 years

Accounts payable

214.9

214.9

-

-

Accrued expenses and other payables

197.0

197.0

-

-

Non-current lease liabilities

19.6

-

16.7

2.9

Contingent consideration payable

25.2

25.2

Purchase obligations:
Purchase commitments to suppliers

560.9

532.5

16.4

12.0

Capital expenditure and other commitments

173.2

172.5

0.5

0.1

1,190.7

1,116.9

58.9

14.9

Total contractual obligations

The Board’s policy is to maintain a strong capital base in order to retain investor, creditor and market confidence
and to sustain future development of the business.
Our objectives when managing our capital structure are to safeguard our ability to satisfy our capital providers by
maintaining a capital structure that ensures strong financial position. The capital structure is mainly altered by,
among other things, our financial results, adjusting the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, the amount of
share buybacks or capital repayment, and (if applicable) any changes in the level of debt. Our capital structure is
formally reviewed with the Supervisory Board each year in connection with our updated long-term financial plan
and relevant scenarios. The outcome of this year’s review confirmed to maintain our existing financing policy in
relation to our capital structure.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Note 19. Commitments and contingencies
Per December 31, 2025, the company entered into purchase commitments with suppliers in the amount of €532.5
million (2024: €523.6 million) for purchases within the next 12 months and € 28.4million (2024: €93.1 million) after
12 months. Commitments for capital expenditures and other commitments per December 31, 2025 were €172.5
million (2024: €107.6 million) within the next 12 months and €0.7 million (2024: €1.5 million) after 12 months.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

194

Geographical information is summarized as follows:
Year ended December 31,
2025

2024

Revenue

Non-current
assets 1

Revenue

Non-current
assets 1

United States

486.9

544.9

628.5

346.6

Note 20. Litigation

Europe

142.2

1,200.3

169.2

1,119.8

Asia

2,544.1

333.0

2,135.0

318.0

ASM and its subsidiaries are, and may become, a party to various legal proceedings incidental to their business. As
is the case with other companies in similar industries, ASM faces exposure from actual or potential claims and legal
proceedings. Although the ultimate result of legal proceedings cannot be predicted and may have material effects,
and in many events cannot be reasonably estimated, it is the opinion of the company’s management that the
outcome of any claim which is currently pending, either individually or on a combined basis, will not have a material
effect on ASM's consolidated financial position, cash flows and result of operations.

Total

3,173.2

2,078.3

2,932.7

1,784.4

Note 21. Segment disclosure
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Chief Executive
Officer (CEO), who is the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM).
The accounting policies used to measure the net earnings and total assets in each segment are consistent with
those used in the consolidated financial statements. The measurement methods used to determine reported
segment earnings are consistently applied for all periods presented. There were no asymmetrical allocations to
segments.

(million)

1

Other than financial instruments, deferred tax assets and post-employment benefit assets

We refer to Note 18. Financial instruments and financial risk management for information on the extent of reliance
on major customers.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Note 22. Revenue

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

195

Contract balances

Geographical information is summarized as follows:

(million)

2025

2024

Contract assets (current)

110.2

57.7

Contract Liabilities

505.8

485.7

Year ended December 31,
2025

2024

(million)

Revenue

Revenue

United States

486.9

628.5

Europe

142.2

169.2

Asia

2,544.1

2,135.0

Total

3,173.2

2,932.7

For geographical reporting, the revenue is attributed to the geographical location in which the customer's facilities
are located.
Revenue stream
The company generates revenue primarily from the sales of equipment and spares and services. The products and
services are described by nature in the summary of significant accounting policies, and are recognized within these
revenue streams as follows:
• Equipment revenue: This revenue stream captures the sale of equipment and installation services. Revenues
from royalties and licenses are included to the extent that these licenses relate to equipment; and
• Spares & Services revenue: The revenues included under this line relate to the sale of spares and support
services. Revenues from royalties and licenses are included to the extent that these licenses relate to spares.
Year ended December 31,
(million)

Equipment revenue
Spares & Services revenue
Total

2025

2024 1

2,457.5

2,303.3

715.7

629.4

3,173.2

2,932.7

1

The previously reported figures have been revised for comparability. Please refer to chapter 28.6 "Summary of material
accounting policies" for a detailed reconciliation with the prior year's reported figures.

Total revenue increased by 8%, driven mainly by increases in our ALD and Spares & Services business.

The current contract assets primarily relate to the company’s right to consideration for work completed and
revenue recognized but not billed at the reporting date. The contract asset is transferred to accounts receivables
when the rights become unconditional. This usually occurs when the company issues an invoice to the customer.
Contract liabilities relate to the advance consideration received from customers for which revenue is not yet
recognized because the performance obligation has not been satisfied yet. Deferral of revenues is based on the
transaction price allocated to the performance obligations and recognized upon fulfillment of each performance
obligation. An amount of €210.6 million included in the contract liabilities at December 31, 2024, has been
recognized in 2025.
Remaining performance obligations
The remaining performance obligation, recognized as a contract liability, primarily comprises credits purchased as
part of bundled sales arrangements, which are accounted for as an advanced payment for future consumption. The
timing of credit utilization is closely tied to our customers’ technology investment roadmaps, particularly their
adoption of the company’s more advanced solutions.
In addition to credits, the remaining performance obligation includes down payments made upon order placement,
extended warranty commitments, and installation & qualification services. The timing of revenue recognition for
these elements is assessed based on customer communications, facility readiness, and alignment with customer
technology plans. Consequently, revenue recognition may be subject to adjustments driven by evolving customer
requirements.
As of December 31, 2025, remaining performance obligations amounted to €505.8 million (31 December 2024:
€485.7 million). Approximately 47% of these obligations relate to orders already received and are expected to be
recognized as revenue within the next 12 months. The remaining balance primarily consists of customer credits, for
which the timing of utilization depends on individual customer preferences. As a result, the settlement of these
contract liabilities remains uncertain, although such credits are typically realized within 12–18 months after the
reporting date.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Note 23. Income taxes

196

Year ended December 31,
(million)

Amounts recognized in profit or loss
The total income tax expense amounts to €201.2 million (2024: €182.2 million). The components of income tax
expense were as follows:

2025

924.9

100.0%

867.9

100.0%

Income tax provision based on Dutch statutory income tax rate

(238.6)

25.8 %

(223.9)

25.8 %

(6.1)

0.7 %

(6.3)

0.7 %

25.6

(2.8) %

25.0

(2.9) %

Foreign taxes at a rate other than the Dutch statutory rate

Year ended December 31,
2025

Tax incentives and non-taxable income

2024

1

Current:

Prior year tax adjustments

Current tax expense

(160.6)

(156.7)

Non-taxable income from investments in associates

Pillar Two Global minimum tax

(22.6)

(18.8)

Pillar Two Global Minimum Tax

Prior year benefit (expense)

(13.2)

3.3

(196.4)

Other
Tax income (expense)

(172.2)

Deferred:

1
2

Origination and reversal of tax losses, tax credits and
temporary differences

(7.3)

(7.7)

Prior year benefit (expense)

2.4

(2.2)

(4.8)

(10.0)

Reconciliation of effective tax rate
The provisions for income taxes as shown in the consolidated statements of profit or loss differ from the amounts
computed by applying the Dutch statutory income tax rate to earnings before taxes. A reconciliation of the
provisions for income taxes and the amounts that would be computed using the Dutch statutory income tax rate is
set forth as follows:

2024

Result before income taxes from continuing operations

Non-deductible expenses

(million)

__

2

41.3

(4.5) %

35.9

(4.1) %

(10.8)

1.2 %

1.1

(0.1) %

6.4

(0.7) %

2.6

(0.3) %

(22.6)

2.4 %

(18.8)

2.2 %

3.6

(0.4) %

2.4

(0.3) %

(201.2)

21.8 %

(182.2)

21.0 %

Tax incentives primarily relate to Singapore
This item includes income from investments in associates to which the Dutch participation exemption applies.

The consolidated group effective tax rate for 2025 is higher compared to previous year mainly due to prior year tax
adjustments. The adjusted effective tax rate, excluding the income of our investment in ASMPT, for 2025 is 22.4%
(2024: 21.2%).
The Dutch statutory tax rate is 25.8%. Taxation for other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the
relevant jurisdictions. During 2025, there was no significant change in the statutory tax rates of the relevant
jurisdictions. The company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities have been determined in accordance with these
statutory income tax rates.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

197

Movement in deferred tax balances
(million)

Right-of-use assets & lease liabilities

Net balance at January 1, 2025

Consolidated statement of
profit and loss

Other

Net balance at December 31,
2025

Deferred tax assets at
December 31, 2025

Deferred tax liabilities at
December 31, 2025

0.8

(0.3)

(0.1)

0.5

0.5

-

Property plant and equipment

(20.3)

(4.7)

2.4

(22.7)

0.8

(23.5)

Other intangible assets

(201.0)

(20.8)

0.3

(221.5)

-

(221.5)

Evaluation tools

5.6

4.0

(0.9)

8.7

8.7

-

Employee benefits

25.1

1.1

(4.3)

21.9

21.9

-

Inventories

16.7

5.0

(0.8)

20.9

20.9

-

Provision for warranty

6.9

4.8

(1.1)

10.5

10.5

-

Accrued expenses

6.8

7.0

(1.3)

12.5

16.1

(3.6)

Tax losses carried forward

3.2

(0.8)

(0.2)

2.1

2.1

-

R&D tax credits

-

-

-

-

-

-

Set-off deferred taxes

-

-

-

-

(41.1)

41.1

(156.3)

(4.8)

(5.9)

(167.0)

40.4

(207.5)

Net balance at January 1, 2024

Consolidated statement of
profit and loss

Other

Net balance at December 31,
2024

Deferred tax assets at
December 31, 2024

Deferred tax liabilities at
December 31, 2024

0.3

0.5

-

0.8

0.8

-

(3.2)

(16.7)

(0.4)

(20.3)

0.3

(20.6)

(179.7)

(21.2)

(0.1)

(201.0)

-

(201.0)

Total deferred tax

(million)

Right-of-use assets & lease liabilities
Property plant and equipment
Other intangible assets
Evaluation tools

1.9

3.6

0.1

5.6

5.7

-

Employee benefits

4.4

17.4

3.3

25.1

25.1

-

Inventories

6.0

10.4

0.4

16.7

16.7

-

Provision for warranty

4.4

2.3

0.1

6.9

6.9

-

Accrued expenses

10.0

(3.4)

0.1

6.8

9.7

(2.9)

Tax losses carried forward

3.7

(0.6)

0.1

3.2

3.2

-

R&D tax credits

2.2

(2.3)

-

-

-

-

Set-off deferred taxes
Total deferred tax

-

-

-

-

(33.6)

33.6

(150.0)

(10.0)

3.6

(156.3)

34.7

(190.9)

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

The column 'Other' includes foreign currency translation differences, the impact of the remeasurement of the
deferred tax balance relating to post-employment benefits and the impact of the remeasurement of the deferred
tax balance related to Share-based compensation.
Deferred tax assets and/or liabilities for temporary differences are mainly recognized in the Netherlands, United
States, and Italy.
No deferred tax liability has been recognized in respect of temporary differences for the aggregate amount €136.1
million, related to undistributed earnings of subsidiaries. ASM is able to control the timing of the reversal of these
temporary differences, and it is probable that such differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

198

Tax risks
ASM is subject to income tax in multiple jurisdictions, and its income tax positions require judgment in interpreting
complex tax legislation and assessing uncertain tax treatments. The recognition and measurement of current and
deferred tax assets and liabilities involve estimates regarding the timing and amount of taxable profits, and the
application of tax incentives. Changes in tax laws or interpretations, as well as the outcome of audits and disputes,
may lead to outcomes that differ from these estimates and may impact ASM’s financial positions and future cash
flows. This includes exposure to transfer pricing risks, as tax disputes may arise due to inconsistent transfer pricing
regimes and different views by tax authorities. ASM’s transfer pricing policy is in accordance with international
guidelines such as those of the OECD. ASM has monitoring procedures in place to reduce transfer pricing
uncertainties.

Income tax receivable and income tax payable
At December 31, 2025, the current income tax receivable amounts to €9.7 million (2024: €4.8 million). The current
income tax payable amounts to €78.9 million (2024: €66.2 million). ASM reports a non-current income tax liability of
€22 million per year-end 2025 (2024: none).
In 2025, the company paid income taxes for the amount of €160.2 million (2024: €97.6 million).

Pillar Two Global Minimum Tax
ASM operates in the Netherlands, which, along with other countries, has enacted legislation to implement the Pillar
Two Global Minimum top-up tax as of FY 2024. The Pillar Two Global Minimum Tax rules aim to ensure large
multinational enterprises pay a minimum level of tax on the income arising in each jurisdiction where they operate.
ASM has applied the mandatory temporary exemption, under which a company does not recognize or disclose
information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two Global Minimum Taxes.

Unrecognized deferred tax assets
The credits concern R&D credits generated in the United States, in the state of Arizona. However, ASM does not
recognize these credits predominantly stemming from prior years due to the fact that utilization of prior-year
credits is only possible if and when the credits generated in the current year are fully utilized. Given the level of
R&D activity in the US, the company does not expect it could fully utilize the credits generated in the current year
and, hence, does not expect to benefit from the available credits generated in prior years.

For a limited number of jurisdictions ASM is subject to Pillar Two top-up tax for which the tax impact has been
assessed in line with the Pillar Two Global Minimum Tax rules at €22.6 million (2024: €18.8 million).

2025
(million)

Gross amount

ASM made an assessment of the Pillar Two Minimum Tax due per year-end 2025. For this assessment, the
company made use of, among others, preliminary 2025 country-by-country reporting data, and the effective tax
rate reported by the ASM group entities to first determine the applicability of the county-by-country transitional
safe harbors. Based on this assessment, it is concluded that that for a majority of the jurisdictions in which ASM
operates the transitional safe harbor rules are met.

Tax effect

Credits

33.4

33.4

Unrecognized deferred tax assets

33.4

33.4

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Note 24. Expenses by nature

ASM Annual Report 2025

December 31,
(million)
Year ended December 31,
2025

2024

Materials and supplies

1,184.2

1,141.4

Personnel expenses

591.9

595.3

Depreciation and amortization

239.6

195.4

11.4

0.4

Other personnel-related expenses

105.3

114.9

Professional fees

50.8

49.4

Other 1

52.0

41.3

2,235.2

2,138.0

Impairments

Total cost of sales, selling, general and administrative and research and
development expenses
1

199

Personnel expenses for employees were as follows:

Expenses by nature were as follows:

(million)

__

2025

2024

Wages and salaries

486.0

496.1

Social security

40.7

39.3

Pension expenses

17.9

18.8

Share-based payment expenses

47.2

41.0

Total

591.9

595.3

Personnel expenses are included in cost of sales and in operating expenses in the consolidated statement of profit
or loss.
The number of employees, exclusive of temporary workers, by geographical area were as follows:

Other relates to facility expenses, IT expenses and other expenses minus capitalized expenses.

December 31,
Geographical location

Research and development consists of the following:

2025

2024

Europe:
Year ended December 31,

(million)

2025

2024

Gross research and development expenses

512.0

469.8

- the Netherlands

176

190

- EMEA

389

456

1,426

1,337

Japan

325

330

United States

(205.1)

(166.3)

Amortization of capitalized development expenses

92.4

65.9

South Korea

537

493

Total research and development expenses

Capitalization of development expenses

399.3

369.4

Singapore

875

1,064

Impairment of capitalized development expenses

9.7

0.4

Asia, other

791

688

Net research and development expenses

409.0

369.8

4,519

4,558

The impairment expenses in 2024 and 2025 are related to customer-specific projects.

Total

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

December 31,
Per function

2025

2024

Research and development

1,215

1,135

Manufacturing

824

1,158

Marketing and sales

423

405

Customer service

1,615

1,392

Corporate and support functions

442

468

4,519

4,558

Note 25. Earnings per share
Basic net earnings per common share is calculated by dividing net income attributable to common shareholders by
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for that period. The dilutive effect is calculated using
the treasury stock method. The calculation of diluted net income per share assumes the exercise of options issued
under our stock option plans (and the issuance of shares under our share plans) for periods in which exercises (or
issuances) would have a dilutive effect.
The calculation of basic and diluted net income per share attributable to common shareholders is based on the
following data:
December 31,
(million, except per share data)

2025

2024

Net earnings used for purposes of calculating net income per common share
Net earnings from operations

723.7

685.7

Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year

49.0

49.2

Effect of dilutive potential common shares from stock options and restricted shares

0.2

0.2

49.2

49.4

Dilutive weighted average number of shares outstanding
Basic net earnings per share:
from operations

14.77

13.95

14.70

13.89

Diluted net earnings per share:
from operations

__

200

Note 26. Board remuneration

The number of employees, exclusive of temporary workers, by function at year-end was as follows:

Total

ASM Annual Report 2025

During 2025, the company considered the members of the Management Board, the Executive Committee, and the
Supervisory Board to be the key management personnel. Total remuneration for key management personnel in
2025 amounts to €16.6 million (2024: €25.4 million). ASM does not provide any loans, deposits or related
guarantees to the members of the Management Board, the Executive Committee or the Supervisory Board. The
remuneration of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board on an individual basis is disclosed in the
Remuneration Report, as presented in Chapter 26 of this Annual Report.

Management Board and the Executive Committee
The table that sets out information concerning all remuneration from the company (including its subsidiaries) for
services in all capacities to all current and former members of the Management Board and the Executive
Committee of the company.
Management Board (excl. Executive Committee)

December 31,

(million)

2025

2024

Short-term employee benefits

2.8

3.5

Post-employment benefits

0.2

0.2

Other long-term benefits

-

-

Termination benefits

-

10.0

Share-based payment

5.3

3.3

Total remuneration

8.4

17.0

Management Board and the Executive Committee

December 31,

(million)

2025

2024

Short-term employee benefits

7.3

7.8

Post-employment benefits

0.3

0.3

Other long-term benefits

-

-

Termination benefits

—

10.0

Share-based payment

8.0

6.3

Total remuneration

15.6

24.4

The remuneration reported as part of the LTI (share-based payments) is based on costs incurred in accordance
with EU-IFRS. The costs of performance share awards are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss
over the three-year vesting period based on the number of awards expected to vest. The first year is accounted for
at target, subsequently the company applied the estimated number of share awards, and in the final performance

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

year of the awards this estimate is updated to the best estimated number of awards which are anticipated to vest.
Costs of restricted share awards represent the vesting expenses related to the financial year.
In 2025, no termination benefits were expensed in respect of the termination of employment of an Executive
Committee member (2024: €10.0).

Supervisory Board
The total remuneration (base compensation, no bonuses or pensions were paid) from the company (including its
subsidiaries) for services in all capacities to all current and former members of the Supervisory Board of the
company in 2025 amounts to €940 (2024: €919). No stock options or performance shares have been granted to
members of the Supervisory Board.

Note 27. Related party transactions
The company has a related party relationship with its subsidiaries, equity-accounted investees, and members of
the Supervisory Board and the Management Board. Related party transactions, if any, are conducted on an arm’slength basis with terms comparable to transactions with third parties.
During our most recent fiscal year, there has been no, and at present there is no, outstanding indebtedness to the
company owed by or owing to any director or officer of the company. Furthermore, the company has not granted
any personal loans, guarantees, or the like to key management personnel.
For more information on key management personnel – comprising our Management Board, Executive Committee
and Supervisory Board – see note 26 Board Remuneration.

Note 28. Principal Auditor's fees and services
EY Accountants B.V. has served as our external auditor for 2025, succeeding KPMG Accountants N.V. who served
as our external auditor for 2024. The table sets out the aggregate fees for professional audit services and other
services rendered by the external auditor and its member firms and/or affiliates in 2025 and 2024. The fees
mentioned in the table for the audit of the financial statements 2025 (2024) relate to the total fees for the audit of
the financial statements 2025 (2024), irrespective of whether the activities were performed during the financial
year 2025 (2024). Other audit‑related fees are related to assurance services on non-financial information. The
following fees were charged by respectively EY Accountants B.V. and KPMG Accountants N.V. to the company, its
subsidiaries and other consolidated companies, as referred to in Section 2:382a(1) and (2) of the Dutch Civil Code.

2025

201

2024

(thousand)

EY
Accountants
B.V.

EY network

Audit fees

1,106

Assurance related fees

435

Tax fees
Other fees
Total

__

EY Total

KPMG
Accountants
N.V.

KPMG
network

KPMG Total

303

1,409

1,062

326

1,388

-

435

500

-

500

-

-

-

-

-

-

200

-

200

-

-

-

1,741

303

2,044

1,562

326

1,888

Audit Committee preapproval policies
The Audit Committee has determined that the provision of services by EY described in the preceding paragraphs is
compatible with maintaining EY’s independence. All audit and permitted non-audit services provided by EY during
2025 were preapproved by the Audit Committee.
The Audit Committee has adopted the following policies and procedures for preapproval of all audit and permitted
non-audit services provided by our external auditor:
Audit services
Management submits to the Audit Committee for preapproval the scope and estimated fees for specific services
directly related to performing the independent audit of our consolidated financial statements for the current year.
Other assurance services
The Audit Committee may preapprove expenditures up to a specified amount for services included in identified
service categories that are related extensions of audit services and are logically performed by the auditors (e.g.,
assurance services on non-financial information). Additional services exceeding the specified preapproved limits
require specific Audit Committee approval.
Tax services
The Audit Committee may preapprove expenditures up to a specified amount per engagement and in total for
identified services related to tax matters. Additional services exceeding the specified preapproved limits, or
involving service types not included in the preapproved list, require specific Audit Committee approval.
Other services
Any permitted other services that the external auditor provides are subject to preapproval by the Audit Committee.
The Audit Committee monitors compliance with the Dutch and EU regulation on non-audit services provided by an
external auditor, which outlines strict separation of audit and advisory services for Dutch public interest entities.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

202

Note 29. Subsidiaries
Unless otherwise indicated, these are, directly or indirectly, wholly-owned subsidiaries. The location included below is the principal place of business of the specified subsidiaries. There is no difference between the principal place of
business and country of incorporation.
% Ownership December 31,

Subsidiaries (consolidated)

2025

2024

Name

Location

ASM Europe B.V. 1

Almere, the Netherlands

100%

100%

ASM IP Holding B.V. 1

Almere, the Netherlands

100%

100%

ASM Pacific Holding B.V. 1,2

Almere, the Netherlands

100%

100%

ASM Netherlands Holding B.V. 1

Almere, the Netherlands

100%

100%

ASM United Kingdom Sales B.V. 1

Almere, the Netherlands

100%

100%

ASM Germany Sales B.V.

Almere, the Netherlands

100%

100%

ASM Czech s.r.o.

Nové Město, Czech Republic

100%

100%

LPE S.p.A. 3

Baranzate, Italy

100%

100%

Pilegrowth Tech S.r.l.

Cernobbio, Italy

100%

100%

LPE Shanghai Int. Trading Co.

Shanghai, China

100%

100%

ASM France S.A.R.L.

Crolles, France

100%

100%

ASM Italia S.r.l.

Milano, Italy

100%

100%

ASM Belgium N.V.

Leuven, Belgium

100%

100%

ASM Services and Support Ireland Ltd.

Dublin, Ireland

100%

100%

ASM Services and Support Israel Ltd.

Kiryat Gat, Israel

100%

100%

ASM Microchemistry Oy

Helsinki, Finland

100%

100%

ASM America Inc.

Phoenix, Arizona, United States of America

100%

100%

ASM NuTool Inc.

Phoenix, Arizona, United States of America

100%

100%

ASM Japan KK

Tokyo, Japan

100%

100%

ASM Wafer Process Equipment Singapore Pte Ltd

Singapore

100%

100%

ASM Front-End Manufacturing Singapore Pte Ltd

Singapore

100%

100%

ASM Services & Support Malaysia SDN. BHD.

Kulim, Malaysia

100%

100%

ASM Korea Ltd.

Dongtan, South Korea

100%

100%

ASM Front-End Sales & Services Taiwan Co Ltd.

Hsin-Chu, Taiwan

100%

100%

ASM Semiconductor Equipment India Private Limited

Bangalore, India

100%

100%

ASM China Ltd

Shanghai, People’s Republic of China

100%

100%

1

1

For these subsidiaries, ASM International N.V. has filed statements at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce assuming joint and several liability in accordance with Article 403, Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
ASM Pacific Holding BV holds 24.65% of the shares in ASMPT Ltd.
3
LPE S.p.A. holds 1.48%, 1.56%, 8.14% and 50% of the shares in Anvil semiconductors Ltd., Kubo's, Kiselkarbid AB and SiC Systems AB respectively.
2

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Note 30. Subsequent events
Subsequent events were evaluated up to March 12,
2026, which is the issuance date of this Annual Report
2025.
There are no subsequent events to report.

Signing
Almere, the Netherlands
March 12, 2026

Supervisory Board
Pauline van der Meer Mohr – Chair
Didier Lamouche – Vice-Chair
Stefanie Kahle-Galonske
Marc de Jong
Adalio Sanchez
Tania Micki
Martin van den Brink

Management Board
Hichem M'Saad
Paul Verhagen

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

203

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

204

29. ASM International N.V. financial statements
29.1 Company balance sheet

December 31,
(€ million)

(before proposed appropriation of net earnings for the year)

Notes

2025

2024

Equity
Common shares

2.0

2.0

Notes

2025

2024

Share premium

(195.3)

(121.1)

2

302.1

302.1

Legal reserves

0.3

0.3

Translation reserve

(44.3)

170.4

Other legal reserves

1,413.8

1,401.5

Accumulated net earnings

2,105.9

1,608.7

Net earnings current year

723.7

685.7

4,005.8

3,747.2

3.3

-

3.3

171

December 31,
(€ million)

Non-current assets
Goodwill
Right-of-use assets
Investments in subsidiaries and associates

3,053.6

3,077.6

Other non-current assets

3

4.6

6.3

Total non-current assets

3,360.6

3,386.3

Current assets
Trade receivable
Amounts due from subsidiaries

6

Other current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Total current assets

4

0.1

-

39.4

151.0

1.3

1.3

738.5

475.2

779.2

627.6

4,139.8

4,013.9

Total equity

5

Provisions
Deferred tax liabilities
Non-current liabilities

Total assets

Other liabilities
Current liabilities
Accounts payable

0.9

0.6

61.1

142.7

Income tax payable

48.9

10.4

Accrued expenses and other payables

16.6

15.9

-

97.0

Amounts due to subsidiaries

Contingent consideration payable
Total current liabilities
Total equity and liabilities

6

127.4

266.6

4,139.8

4,013.9

The notes on the following pages are an integral part of these company financial statements.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

29.2 Company statement of profit or loss
Year ended December 31,
(€ million)

Notes

2025

2024

(45.7)

(43.3)

Operating expenses:
Selling, general and administrative
Research and development

(0.5)

(0.5)

(46.2)

(43.8)

Operating result

(46.2)

(43.8)

Finance income

59.8

(15.6)

Finance expense

(24.9)

(9.6)

Foreign currency exchange gain (loss)

(50.9)

(8.3)

Result before income taxes

(62.1)

(77.3)

1.9

-

Net earnings from holding activities

(60.2)

(77.3)

Net earnings from subsidiaries and associates

783.9

763.1

Total net earnings

723.7

685.7

Total operating expenses

7

Income taxes

The notes on the following pages are an integral part of these company financial statements.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

205

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

206

29.3 Notes to the company financial statements
Note 1. Summary of material accounting policies
ASM International N.V. (ASM or the company) is a Dutch public liability company. Statutory seat: Versterkerstraat 8,
1322 AP Almere, the Netherlands.
The description of our activities and our structure, as included in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements, also apply to the company financial statements.
The accompanying company financial statements are stated in thousands of euros unless otherwise indicated.

Accounting policies applied
The financial statements of the company included in this section are prepared in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2
of the Dutch Civil Code. For setting the principles for the recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities and
determination of results for the company financial statements, the company makes use of the option provided in
section 2:362(8) of the Dutch Civil Code. This means that the principles for the recognition and measurement of
assets and liabilities and determination of the result (hereinafter referred to as principles for recognition and
measurement) of the company financial statements of the company are the same as those applied for the
consolidated EU-IFRS financial statements. These principles also include the classification and presentation of
financial instruments, being equity instruments or financial liabilities. In case no other principles are mentioned,
refer to the accounting principles as described in the consolidated financial statements. For an appropriate
interpretation of these statutory financial statements, the company financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.
Information on the use of financial instruments and on related risks for the group is provided in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements of the group.
Corporate income tax
The company is the head of the Dutch fiscal unity. The company recognizes the portion of corporate income tax
that it would owe as an independent taxpayer, taking into account the allocation of the advantages of the fiscal
unity.
Settlement within the fiscal unity between the company and its subsidiaries takes place through current account
positions.
Investments in subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities in which the company has directly or indirectly control. The company controls an entity
when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the subsidiary and has the ability to
affect those returns through its power over the group company. Subsidiaries are recognized from the date on
which control is obtained by the company and derecognized from the date that control by the company over the

subsidiary ceases. Investments in associates in group companies are accounted for in the company financial
statements according to the net equity value, with the principles for the recognition and measurement of assets
and liabilities and determination of results as set out in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Subsidiaries with a negative net equity value are valued at nil. This measurement also covers any receivables
provided to the subsidiaries that are, in substance, an extension of the net investment. In particular, this relates to
loans for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future. A share in the profits of
the subsidiaries in subsequent years will only be recognized if and to the extent that the cumulative unrecognized
share of loss has been absorbed. If the company fully or partially guarantees the debts of the relevant subsidiaries,
or if has the constructive obligation to enable the subsidiary to pay its debts (for its share therein), then a provision
is recognized accordingly to the amount of the estimated payments by the company on behalf of the subsidiaries.
Share of result of subsidiaries
The share in the result of subsidiaries consists of the share of the company in the result of these subsidiaries.
Results on transactions involving the transfer of assets and liabilities between the company and its subsidiaries and
mutually between subsidiaries themselves, are eliminated to the extent that they can be considered as not realized.

Note 2. Goodwill
The carrying amount of the goodwill is related to acquisitions in the following cash-generating units, remained
consistent throughout both the reporting and comparative periods.
• ALD: €2.6 million
• PEALD: €8.7 million
• SiC Epi: €290.8 million
Reference is made to Note 5 of the consolidated financial statements for further disclosure on the accounting and
valuation of goodwill.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Note 3. Investments in subsidiaries and associates

(€ million)

Balance January 1, 2024
Net result of subsidiaries and associates
Capital contribution
Other comprehensive income investments
Dividend received
Repayment of loans

Investments in
subsidiaries

Loans to
subsidiaries

Total

3,144.8

1.5

3,146.3

763.1

-

763.1

2.7

-

2.7

(0.5)

-

(0.5)

(913.5)

-

(913.5)

-

(1.5)

(1.5)

7.0

-

7.0

Dilution

3.5

-

3.5

70.6

-

70.6

3,077.6

-

3,077.6

Net result of subsidiaries and associates

783.9

-

783.9

Capital contribution

107.5

-

107.5

Balance December 31, 2024

Other comprehensive income investments

1.6

-

1.6

(701.3)

-

(701.3)

-

-

-

Compensation expense share-based payments

(0.9)

-

(0.9)

Dilution

0.6

-

0.6

Dividend received
Repayment of loans

Foreign currency translation effect
Balance December 31, 2025

__

207

Bank guarantees are in place for an amount of €2.4 million at December 31, 2025. These guarantees mainly relate
to lease and tax payments.

Compensation expense share-based payments
Foreign currency translation effect

ASM Annual Report 2025

(215.3)

-

(215.3)

3,053.6

-

3,053.6

Note 4. Cash and cash equivalents
The amounts of cash and cash equivalents are mainly related to the cash pool and in‑house bank operated by the
company. At December 31, 2025, the cash pool and in‑house bank arrangement resulted in a liability which is
recorded in amounts due to subsidiaries.
The amount presented as cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2025 includes bank deposits and
investments in money market funds that invest in marketable debt obligations and securities of governments,
corporate and financial institutions. The amount invested in deposits and money market funds at the end of 2025
was €735.1 million and interest-bearing bank accounts of €3.4 million. Our cash and cash equivalents throughout
the year are predominantly denominated in US dollars and partly in euros.

Cash and cash equivalents have insignificant interest-rate risk and remaining maturities of maximum three months
or can be converted into cash with no more than 30 days' notice. The carrying amount of these financial assets
approximates their fair value. The company has not recognized a provision for expected credit loss for cash and
cash equivalents due to the insignificance of the amount.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

208

Note 5. Equity
The changes in equity are as follows:
Legal reserves

(€ million)
Balance as of January 1, 2024
Appropriation of net earnings:
Components of comprehensive income
Net earnings
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income (loss)
Dividend paid to common shareholders
Compensation expense share-based payments
Exercise stock options out of treasury shares
Vesting restricted shares out of treasury shares
Purchase of common shares
Issuance of common shares out of treasury shares
Change in retained earnings subsidiaries
Fair value accounting investments 1
Capitalized development expenses subsidiaries
Other movements in investments in associates:
Dilution
Balance as of December 31, 2024
Appropriation of net earnings
Components of comprehensive income:
Net earnings
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income (loss)
Dividend paid to common shareholders
Compensation expense share-based payments
Vesting restricted shares out of treasury shares
Purchase of common shares
Change in retained earnings subsidiaries
Fair value accounting investments 1
Capitalized development expenses subsidiaries
Cancellation of common shares out of treasury shares
Other movements in investments in associates:
Dilution
Balance as of December 31, 2025
1

Common shares

Capital in excess of par
value

Treasury shares

Accumulated net
earnings

Net earnings current
year

2.0
-

71.3
-

Translation reserve

Other legal reserves

Total equity

(89.6)
-

1,150.6
752.1

752.1
(752.1)

100.4
-

1,240.0
-

3,226.8
-

-

48.6
(51.3)
-

51.3
(151.4)
-

(135.5)
(34.7)
(27.9)
(99.4)

685.7
685.7
-

70.0
70.0
-

(0.5)
(0.5)
34.7
27.9
99.4

685.7
69.4
755.1
(135.5)
48.6
—
(151.4)
-

2.0
-

9.3
-

(130.4)
-

3.5
1,608.7
685.7

685.7
(685.7)

170.4
-

1,401.5
-

3.5
3,747.2
-

-

47.7
(29.5)
-

59.6
(152.1)
-

(147.3)
(0.9)
(30.1)
40.7
51.5
(102.9)
-

723.7
723.7
-

(214.7)
(214.7)
-

1.6
1.6
(40.7)
(51.5)
102.9
-

723.7
(213.1)
510.6
(147.3)
46.8
(152.1)
-

2.0

27.6

(222.8)

0.6
2,105.9

723.7

(44.3)

1,413.8

0.6
4,005.8

The associate was recognized at fair value at the acquisition date, with the purchase price allocation identifying intangible assets and goodwill. Further details are provided in Note 7 of the consolidated financial statements.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Common shares, preferred and financing preferred shares

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

209

Changes in other legal reserves in 2024 and 2025 were as follows:

Following the amendment of the articles of association on August 3, 2018, the authorized capital of the company
amounts to 82,500,000 common shares of €0.04 par value, 88,500 preferred shares of €40 par value, and 6,000
financing preferred shares of €40 par value.
As per December 31, 2025,49,328,548 common shares with a nominal value of €0.04 each were issued and fully
paid up, of which 446,999 common shares are held by us in treasury. All shares have one vote per €0.04 par value.
Treasury shares held by the company cannot be voted on. Of our 48,881,549 outstanding common shares at
December 31, 2025, 47,132,271 are registered with our transfer agent in the Netherlands, ABN AMRO Bank N.V.,
and 1,965,546 are registered with our transfer agent in the United States, Citibank, NA, New York.

(million)

As at December 31, 2025, no preferred shares and no financing preferred shares are issued.

Reserve for
Reserve for
subsidiaries and
subsidiaries and
investment in
investment in
associates,
associates, regarding capitalized
regarding retained
development
earnings and OCI
expenses

Balance as of January 1, 2024

815.8

424.2

1,240.0

Other comprehensive income

(0.5)

-

(0.5)

Retained earnings subsidiaries and investments

34.7

-

34.7

Fair value accounting investments 1

27.9

-

27.9

-

99.4

99.4

877.9

523.6

1,401.5

Development expenditures

Treasury shares

Balance as of December 31, 2024

With respect to treasury shares, reference is made to Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.

Total other legal
reserves

1.6

-

1.6

Other legal reserves

Retained earnings subsidiaries and investments

(40.7)

-

(40.7)

The other legal reserve for subsidiaries and investment in associates is regarding retained earnings and OCI, which
amounts to €787.2 million (2024: €877.9 million), pertains to subsidiaries and investment in associates that are
accounted for according to the equity accounting method. The reserve represents the difference between the
subsidiaries and investment in associates retained earnings and direct changes in equity, as determined on the
basis of the company's accounting policies, and the share thereof that the company may distribute. As to the latter
share, this takes into account any profits that may not be distributed by subsidiaries and investment in associates
that are Dutch limited companies based on the distribution tests to be performed by the management of those
companies. The legal reserve is determined on an individual basis.

Fair value accounting investments 1

(51.5)

-

(51.5)

-

102.9

102.9

787.2

626.6

1,413.8

In accordance with applicable legal provisions, a legal reserve for the carrying amount of €626.6 million (2024:
€523.6 million) has been recognized for capitalized development costs.

Other comprehensive income

Development expenditures
Balance as of December 31, 2025

The associate was recognized at fair value at the acquisition date, with the purchase price allocation identifying
intangible assets and goodwill. Further details are provided in Note 7 of the consolidated financial statements.
1

For detailed information, reference is made to Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.

Employee stock plan, and employee restricted shares plan
The company has adopted various restricted share plans, and has entered into related agreements with various
employees. For detailed information, reference is made to Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

Appropriation of result
Appropriation of net earnings of 2024
The financial statements for the reporting year 2024 have been adopted by the General Meeting on May 12th,
2025. The General Meeting has adopted the appropriation of net earnings for the reporting year 2024 as proposed
by the Management Board.
Proposal for net earnings appropriation 2025
It is proposed that net earnings for the year 2025 are carried to the accumulated net earnings.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Note 6. Amounts due from / to subsidiaries
The amounts due from, and to subsidiaries, are mainly related to the cash pool and in‑house bank operated by the
company. The amounts due to subsidiaries decreased as a result of intercompany dividend distributions to the
ultimate parent (ASM International N.V.).

Note 7. Expenses by nature

__

210

For information on the parent company's defined benefit pension plan, the remuneration of the Management Board
and the Supervisory Board, and the parent company's share‑based compensation plans, see notes 13 and 26 to the
consolidated financial statements.

Note 9. Commitments and contingencies
With respect to certain Dutch subsidiaries, ASM has assumed joint and several liability in accordance with Article
403, Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. These Dutch subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 29 of the
consolidated financial statements.

Expenses by nature were as follows:
Year ended December 31,
(€ million)

2025

2024

Personnel expenses

29.5

19.8

Depreciation and amortization

0.2

0.2

Other personnel-related expenses

2.3

11.8

Professional fees

7.7

7.3

Other

6.6

4.8

46.2

43.8

Total operating expenses

ASM Annual Report 2025

Note 8. Personnel expenses
The average number of employees of ASM during 2025 was 32 (2024: 32). All employees have corporate and
support functions and were based in the Netherlands.
Year ended December 31,

ASM forms a fiscal unity (tax group for corporate income tax purposes) together with its Dutch subsidiaries for
purposes of Dutch tax laws and is as such jointly and severally liable for the tax debts of the unity. The tax unity
consists of ASM International N.V. and the following subsidiaries:
• ASM Europe BV;
• ASM IP Holding BV;
• ASM Pacific Holding BV;
• ASM Netherlands Holding BV;
• ASM United Kingdom Sales BV; and
• ASM Germany Sales BV.
Consistent with the IAS 12 amendment regarding global minimum top-up tax as issued by the IASB and adopted by
the EU, ASM does not recognize and disclose deferred taxes arising from tax laws regarding global minimum topup tax. Furthermore, ASM recognized and disclosed the impact from the global minimum income tax on current tax,
of which the FY 2025 impact for ASM International N.V. amounts to € 3.2 million. Refer to section 'Global minimum
tax' in income taxes as part of Note 23 of the consolidated financial statements for further clarification on the
impact for 2025.
For VAT purposes in the Netherlands, ASM forms a fiscal unity together with ASM Europe BV and ASM IP Holding
BV.

(€ million)

2025

2024

Salaries

17.9

12.7

Social security charges

0.4

0.3

Pension expenses

0.9

1.0

For information regarding auditor's fees and services we refer to Note 28 to the consolidated financial statements.

Share-based payment expenses

10.4

5.7

Total

29.5

19.8

Note 11. Subsequent events

Note 10. Auditor's fees and services

Subsequent events were evaluated up to March 12, 2026, which is the issuance date of this Annual Report 2025.
Detailed information on the number of employees can be found in Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.
There are no subsequent events to report.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Signing
Almere, the Netherlands
March 12, 2026

Supervisory Board
Pauline van der Meer Mohr – Chair
Didier Lamouche – Vice-Chair
Stefanie Kahle-Galonske
Marc de Jong
Adalio Sanchez
Tania Micki
Martin van den Brink

Management Board
Hichem M'Saad
Paul Verhagen

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

211

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

30. Other information
30.1 Articles of association: appropriation of profit
and voting rights
The additional information below includes a brief summary of several
significant provisions of our Articles of Association.

Information on the provisions in the articles of association
relating to the appropriation of profit
The Articles of Association of ASM International N.V. (the company)
provide the following with regard to distribution of profit and can be
summarized as follows:
• From the profits, distributions shall in the first place, if possible, be
made on the preferred shares equal to the Euribor rate for six-months
loans, increased by one and a half, on the paid-up amount which had to
be paid on the preferred shares, weighted to the number of days to
which this was applicable. If profits are insufficient, the dividend will be
paid from the reserves with priority over any dividends. If the reserves
are insufficient, the dividend deficit has to be made up in future years;
• Second, a dividend, if possible, is distributed on financing preferred
shares. The dividend is a percentage of the par value, plus share
premium paid, on the financing preferred shares. The percentage is
determined by the Management Board, subject to approval of the
Supervisory Board. The percentage is related to the average effective
yield on government loans with a weighted average remaining term of
no more than 10 years, if necessary increased or decreased by no more
than 3%, subject to the then prevailing market conditions. If profits are
insufficient, the dividend shall be paid from the reserves. If the reserves
are insufficient, the dividend deficit has to be made up in future years;
• With the approval of the Supervisory Board, the Management Board will
determine which part of the profit remaining after adoption of the
provisions of the previous paragraphs will be reserved. The profit after
reserving will be at the disposal of the Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders;
• The company may only make distributions to the shareholders and
other persons entitled to profit insofar as its equity exceeds the amount

of the paid-up and called amounts of the share capital increased with
the reserves that must be kept by virtue of law; and
• Article 33, paragraph 3 of the Articles of Association provides that
dividend claims expire after the lapse of five years.
For the full text, please see our website.

Special statutory control rights
Article 27 of the Articles of Association provides that each common share
gives the right to cast one vote, each preferred financing share to cast
1,000 votes, and each preferred share to cast 1,000 votes.
Article 29 of the Articles of Association provides that meetings of holders
of preferred shares or of financing preferred shares shall be convened as
often and insofar as a decision of the meeting of holders of preferred
shares or financing shares desires this, and furthermore as often as the
Management Board and or the Supervisory Board shall decide to hold such
a meeting. At the meeting, resolutions will be passed with an absolute
majority of the votes. In the event that there is a tie of votes, no resolution
will take effect.
As per December 31, 2025, there were no outstanding preferred shares or
financing preferred shares issued.
The following resolutions and actions can only be taken on a proposal by
the Management Board and the Supervisory Board:
• any amendment to the Articles of the company; and
• the dissolution of the company.

30.2 Branch offices
ASM has branch offices in the United Kingdom and Germany that operate
under the respective trade names ASM UK Sales B.V. ASM Germany Sales
B.V.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

212

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

30.3 Independent auditor’s report
To: the shareholders and supervisory board of ASM International N.V.

Report on the audit of the financial statements 2025 included in
the Annual Report
Our opinion
We have audited the accompanying financial statements 2025 of ASM
International N.V. based in Almere, the Netherlands. The financial
statements comprise the consolidated financial statements and the
company financial statements.
In our opinion:
• The consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the
financial position of ASM International N.V. as at December 31, 2025
and of its result and its cash flows for 2025 in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted in the European
Union (EU-IFRSs) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code
• The company financial statements give a true and fair view of the
financial position of ASM International N.V. as at December 31, 2025
and of its result for 2025 in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the
Dutch Civil Code.
The consolidated financial statements comprise:
• The consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31,
2025
• The following statements for the year ended December 31, 2025: the
consolidated statements of profit or loss, comprehensive income,
changes in equity and cash flows
• The notes comprising material accounting policy information and other
explanatory information
The company financial statements comprise:
• The company balance sheet as at December 31, 2025
• The company statement of profit or loss for the year ended December
31, 2025
• The notes comprising a summary of the accounting policies and other
explanatory information

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

213

Basis for our opinion

Materiality

We conducted our audit in accordance with Dutch law, including the Dutch
Standards on Auditing. Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial
statements section of our report.

Materiality

€45 million

Benchmark
applied

5% of the result before income taxes, excluding the share in
income from investments in associates (ASMPT Ltd.)

Explanation

We determined materiality based on our understanding of
company’s business and our perception of the financial
information needs of users of the financial statements. We
considered the result before income taxes, excluding the
share in income from investments in associates, a key
indicator of the performance of the company’s own
operations.

We are independent of ASM International N.V. in accordance with the EU
Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of publicinterest entities, the Wet toezicht accountantsorganisaties (Wta, Audit
firms supervision act), the Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van
accountants bij assurance-opdrachten (ViO, Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence) and
other relevant independence regulations in the Netherlands. Furthermore,
we have complied with the Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels
accountants (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants).
We believe the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Information in support of our opinion
We designed our audit procedures in the context of our audit of the
financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon. The
following information in support of our opinion and any findings were
addressed in this context, and we do not provide a separate opinion or
conclusion on these matters.
Our understanding of the business
ASM International N.V. (“the company”, and, together with its consolidated
subsidiaries, “the group”) supplies wafer processing equipment to the
leading semiconductor manufacturers, mostly for the deposition of thin
films. The company designs, manufactures, sells, and services deposition
tools to supply customers with the advanced technologies to produce
semiconductor devices, or integrated circuits (ICs). We paid specific
attention in our audit to a number of areas driven by the operations of the
group and our risk assessment.
We determined materiality and identified and assessed the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error in
order to design audit procedures responsive to those risks and to obtain
audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.

We have also taken into account misstatements and/or possible
misstatements that in our opinion are material for the users of the financial
statements for qualitative reasons.
We agreed with the supervisory board that misstatements in excess of
€2.25 million, which are identified during the audit, would be reported to
them, as well as smaller misstatements that in our view must be reported
on qualitative grounds.
Scope of the group audit
ASM International N.V. is at the head of a group of entities and holds an
investment in ASMPT Ltd. The financial information of this group is
included in the financial statements.
We are responsible for planning and performing the group audit to obtain
sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an
opinion on the financial statements. We are also responsible for the
direction, supervision, review and evaluation of the audit work performed
for purposes of the group audit. We bear the full responsibility for the
auditor’s report.
Based on our understanding of the group and its environment, the
applicable financial framework and the group’s system of internal control,
we identified and assessed risks of material misstatement of the financial
statements and the significant accounts and disclosures. Based on this risk
assessment, we determined the nature, timing and extent of audit work
performed, including the entities or business units within the group
(components) at which to perform audit work. For this determination we

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

considered the nature of the relevant events and conditions underlying the
identified risks of material misstatements for the financial statements, the
association of these risks to components and the materiality or financial
size of the components relative to the group.
We have performed the work ourselves for all consolidated components in
scope. For the financial information of ASMPT Ltd, we communicated the
audit work to be performed and identified risks through instructions for the
non-EY component auditor as well as requesting the component auditor to
communicate matters related to the financial information of ASMPT Ltd
that is relevant to identifying and assessing risks.
This resulted in a coverage of 97% of the result before income taxes
excluding the share in income from investments in associates, 98% of
revenue and 97% of total assets. For other components, we performed
analytical procedures to corroborate that our risk assessment and scoping
remained appropriate throughout the audit.
We have (virtually) met with the management of ASMPT Ltd. and the
component team, discussed the group risk assessment and the risks of
material misstatements. We reviewed and evaluated the adequacy of the
deliverables from component auditor and reviewed key working papers to
address the risks of material misstatement. We held planning meetings,
key meetings required based on circumstances and we attended meetings
with the management and also with the component team for ASMPT Ltd.
During these meetings and calls, amongst others, the planning, procedures
performed based on risk assessments, findings and observations were
discussed and any further work deemed necessary by the primary or
component team was then performed.
By performing the audit work mentioned above at the entities or business
units within the group, together with additional work at group level, we
have been able to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence about
the group’s financial information to provide an opinion on the financial
statements.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Teaming and the use of specialists

Our focus on fraud and non-compliance with laws and regulations

We ensured that the audit teams both at group and at component level
included the appropriate skills and competences which are needed for the
audit of a listed client in the semiconductor industry. We included
specialists in the areas of IT audit, forensics, sustainability, share based
payments, transfer pricing and income tax and have made use of our own
experts in the areas of enterprise valuations.

Our responsibility

Our focus on climate-related risks and the energy transition
Climate change and the energy transition are high on the public agenda.
Issues such as CO2 reduction impact financial reporting, as these issues
entail risks for the business operation, the valuation of assets and
provisions or the sustainability of the business model and access to
financial markets of companies with a larger CO2 footprint.
The management board summarized the company’s commitments and
obligations, and reported in the Section 14 'Sustainability highlights' of the
Annual Report how the company is addressing climate-related and
environmental risks.
As part of our audit of the financial statements, we evaluated the extent to
which climate-related risks and the effects of the energy transition and the
company’s commitments and (constructive) obligations, are taken into
account in estimates and significant assumptions especially in the area of
impairment of goodwill, as well as in the design of relevant internal control
measures. Furthermore, we read the management report and considered
whether there is any material inconsistency between the non-financial
information, the sustainability statements and the financial statements.
Based on the audit procedures performed, we do not deem climate-related
risks to have a material impact on the financial reporting judgments,
estimates or significant assumptions as at 31 December 2025.

__

214

Although we are not responsible for preventing fraud or non-compliance
and we cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and
regulations, it is our responsibility to obtain reasonable assurance that the
financial statements, taken as a whole, are free from material
misstatement, whether caused by fraud or error. The risk of not detecting
a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Our audit response related to fraud risks
We identified and assessed the risks of material misstatements of the
financial statements due to fraud. During our audit we obtained an
understanding of the company and its environment and the components of
the system of internal control, including the risk assessment process and
the management board’s process for responding to the risks of fraud and
monitoring the system of internal control and how the supervisory board
exercises oversight, as well as the outcomes. We refer to Section 25. 'Risk
Management' of the Annual Report for the management board’s risk
assessment after consideration of potential fraud risks and Section 24
“Supervisory Board report” in which the supervisory board reflects on this
(fraud) risk assessment.
We evaluated the design and relevant aspects of the system of internal
control and in particular the fraud risk assessment, as well as the ASM
code of business conduct, whistle blower (“Speak Up”) procedure and
incident registration. We evaluated the design and the implementation of
internal controls designed to mitigate fraud risks.
As part of our process of identifying fraud risks, we evaluated fraud risk
factors with respect to financial reporting fraud, misappropriation of assets
and bribery and corruption in close co-operation with our forensic
specialists. We evaluated whether these factors indicate that a risk of
material misstatement due to fraud is present.
We incorporated elements of unpredictability in our audit. We also
considered the outcome of our other audit procedures and evaluated
whether any findings were indicative of fraud or non-compliance.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

We addressed the risks related to management override of controls, as this
risk is present in all organizations. For these risks we have, among other
things, performed procedures to evaluate whether the selection and
application of accounting policies by the company, particularly those
relating to subjective measurements and complex transactions, as
disclosed in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements - General
Information (use of estimates) to the financial statements, may be
indicative to fraudulent financial reporting. We have also used data
analysis to identify and address high-risk journal entries and other
adjustments made in the financial reporting process. We evaluated the
business rationale (or the lack thereof) of significant extraordinary
transactions, including those with related parties.

Our audit response related to risks of non-compliance with laws and
regulations

The following fraud risks identified required significant attention during our
audit.

We also inspected lawyers’ letters and we have been informed by the
management board that there was no correspondence with regulatory
authorities. We remained alert to any indication of (suspected) noncompliance throughout the audit. Finally, we obtained written
representations that all known instances of non-compliance with laws and
regulations have been disclosed to us.

Presumed risk of fraud in revenue recognition
Fraud risk

Our audit
approach

When identifying and assessing risks, we presume that there
are risks of fraud in revenue recognition. The company
recognizes revenue when it transfers control over a product
or service to a customer. We identified that equipment
revenue recognized prior to year-end in particular give rise to
such risks. We also identified a specific risk that inappropriate
manual journal entries recorded in the sales ledgers could
result in an overstatement of revenues.
We describe the audit procedures responsive to the
presumed risk of fraud in revenue recognition of equipment
revenues in the description of our audit approach for the key
audit matter “Revenue recognition”.

We considered available information and made inquiries of relevant
executives, directors, internal audit, legal, compliance, human resources
and regional directors and the supervisory board.
The fraud risks we identified, inquiries and other available information did
not lead to specific indications for fraud or suspected fraud potentially
materially impacting the view of the financial statements.

We performed appropriate audit procedures regarding compliance with the
provisions of those laws and regulations that have a direct effect on the
determination of material amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Furthermore, we assessed factors related to the risks of noncompliance with laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected
to have a material effect on the financial statements from our general
industry experience, through discussions with the management board,
reading minutes, inspection of internal audit reports, and performing
substantive tests of details of classes of transactions, account balances or
disclosures.

Our audit response related to going concern
As disclosed in section “Notes to the consolidated financial statements General Information (Basis of preparation)”, the financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis. When preparing the financial
statements, the management board made a specific assessment of the
company’s ability to continue as a going concern and to continue its
operations for the foreseeable future.
We discussed and evaluated the specific assessment with the
management board exercising professional judgment and maintaining
professional skepticism. We considered whether the management board’s
going concern assessment, based on our knowledge and understanding
obtained through our audit of the financial statements or otherwise,
contains all relevant events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
on the company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if
such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

215

Based on our procedures performed, we did not identify material
uncertainties about going concern or the management board’s use of the
going concern basis of accounting. Our conclusions are based on the audit
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
events or conditions may cause a company to cease to continue as a going
concern.
Our key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment,
were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements. We have
communicated the key audit matters to the supervisory board. The key
audit matters are not a comprehensive reflection of all matters discussed.
Revenue recognition
Risk

As disclosed in Note 22 ‘Revenue’ the company generates
revenue primarily from the sales of equipment and spares and
services. The company recognizes revenue when it transfers
control over a product or service to a customer. Revenue
recognition is considered a focus area for the company.
As mentioned in the section “Our audit response related to
fraud risks” above, we identified fraud risks relating to
improper revenue recognition, specifically:
1. The risk of manipulating the cut-off of equipment revenue
recognized prior to year-end.
2. The risk of inappropriate manual journal entries recorded in
the sales ledgers that could result in an overstatement of
revenues.
Given the size of the account, the identified focus area for the
company and the identified fraud risks, we consider revenue
recognition a key audit matter.

Introduction

Our audit
approach

Key
observations

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Our audit procedures related to this key audit matter included,
amongst others:
• We evaluated the appropriateness of the company’s
revenue recognition accounting policies, evaluated the
compliance with IFRS 15 ‘Revenues from contracts with
customers’ and whether these policies have been applied
consistently or whether changes, if any, are appropriate in
the circumstances.
• We obtained an understanding of the internal control
environment and evaluated the design of the key controls
implemented by the group in connection to revenue
recognition.
• We used data analytics to correlate revenues to cash
receipts.
• We performed sample testing on individual equipment
sales orders and related transactions to determine whether
the identifiable performance obligations had been
appropriately identified, the transaction price correctly
allocated to those obligations, and revenue recognized in
accordance with these requirements.
• Specifically, to address the risk of manipulating the cut-off
of equipment revenue recognized, we selected equipment
sales transactions recorded prior to year‑end with lower
thresholds to determine whether revenue was recognized
in the appropriate period and we performed procedures on
credit notes issued after year‑end. Our procedures include
the inspection of sales contracts, client acceptance
documentation and shipping documents.
• Furthermore, to address our fraud risk we performed
procedures with lower thresholds on manual journal entries
recorded in the sales ledgers, assessing these with
underlying supporting evidence.
• Finally, we evaluated the adequacy of the related
disclosures.
Based on our procedures performed, we have not identified
any material misstatements relating to revenue recognition.

Financial statements

Appendix

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) migration to S/4 HANA
Risk

As disclosed in the Annual Report, during 2025, the company
completed the implementation of a new enterprise resource
planning (ERP) system, S/4 HANA, replacing the former ERP
system, SAP ECC. The migration involved significant changes
to the internal control environment, including the financial
reporting processes and therefore presents an inherent risk
that data may not have been transferred completely or
accurately.
Given the complexity and size of the migration, and the
associated changes to key processes and controls, we
assessed significant risks to data integrity during the
migration and increased risk of errors in the financial
statement during and after go-live.

Our audit
approach

Key
observations

We involved EY IT specialists with expertise in ERP migrations
to assist us in the audit procedures related to this key audit
matter, which included amongst others:
• We obtained an understanding of the company’s
implementation approach and held regular discussions with
the S/4HANA implementation and project teams to monitor
progress, understand key decisions and evaluate identified
risks.
• Prior to go‑live, we evaluated whether management had
performed sufficient pre‑implementation readiness
procedures, including data‑quality validations, and
assessed the design, configuration and overall readiness of
the migrated environment.
• Following go‑live, we performed migration‑specific audit
procedures including reconciliations in the new ERP
system, S/4 HANA, to evaluate whether the data transfer
from the previous ERP system, SAP ECC, was complete
and accurate.
Based on our procedures performed, we have not identified
any material misstatements in the financial statements
resulting from the ERP migration.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

216

Report on other information included in the Annual Report
The Annual Report contains other information in addition to the financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Based on the following procedures performed, we conclude that the other
information:
• Is consistent with the financial statements and does not contain material
misstatements
• Contains the information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch
Civil Code for the management report (excluding the sustainability
statement) and the other information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of
the Dutch Civil Code and as required by Sections 2:135b and 2:145
sub‑section 2 of the Dutch Civil Code for the remuneration report.
We have read the other information. Based on our knowledge and
understanding obtained through our audit of the financial statements or
otherwise, we have considered whether the other information contains
material misstatements. By performing these procedures, we comply with
the requirements of Part 9 of Book 2 and Section 2:135b sub-Section 7 of
the Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch Standard 720. The scope of the
procedures performed is substantially less than the scope of those
performed in our audit of the financial statements.
The management board is responsible for the preparation of the other
information, including the management report in accordance with Part 9 of
Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and other information required by Part 9 of
Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. The management board and the
supervisory board are responsible for ensuring that the remuneration
report is drawn up and published in accordance with Sections 2:135b and
2:145 sub‑section 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Description of responsibilities regarding the financial
statements
Responsibilities of the management board and the supervisory board for
the financial statements
The management board is responsible for the preparation and fair
presentation of the financial statements in accordance with EU-IFRSs and
Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. Furthermore, the management
board is responsible for such internal control as the management board
determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error.
As part of the preparation of the financial statements, the management
board is responsible for assessing the company’s ability to continue as a
going concern. Based on the financial reporting framework mentioned, the
management board should prepare the financial statements using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the management board either
intends to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or has no realistic
alternative but to do so. The management board should disclose events
and circumstances that may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability
to continue as a going concern in the financial statements.
The supervisory board is responsible for overseeing the company’s
financial reporting process.
Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objective is to plan and perform the audit engagement in a manner
that allows us to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence for our
opinion.
Our audit has been performed with a high, but not absolute, level of
assurance, which means we may not detect all material misstatements,
whether due to fraud or error during our audit.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
financial statements. The materiality affects the nature, timing and extent
of our audit procedures and the evaluation of the effect of identified
misstatements on our opinion.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

217

We have exercised professional judgment and have maintained
professional skepticism throughout the audit, in accordance with Dutch
Standards on Auditing, ethical requirements and independence
requirements. The Information in support of our opinion section above
includes an informative summary of our responsibilities and the work
performed as the basis for our opinion.

From the matters communicated with the supervisory board, we determine
the key audit matters: those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the financial statements. We describe these matters in our
auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, not communicating
the matter is in the public interest.

Our audit further included among others:
• Performing audit procedures responsive to the risks identified, and
obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion
• Obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in
order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the company’s internal control
• Evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the
reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made
by the management board
• Evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the
financial statements, including the disclosures
• Evaluating whether the financial statements represent the underlying
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements and ESEF

Communication

In our opinion the Annual Report prepared in the XHTML format, including
the (partially) marked-up consolidated financial statements as included in
the reporting package by ASM International N.V., complies in all material
respects with the RTS on ESEF.

We communicate with the supervisory board regarding, among other
matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit
findings, including any significant findings in internal control that we
identify during our audit. In this respect we also submit an additional report
to the audit committee of the supervisory board in accordance with Article
11 of the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit
of public-interest entities. The information included in this additional report
is consistent with our audit opinion in this auditor’s report.
We provide the audit committee of the supervisory board with a statement
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and
where applicable, related safeguards.

Engagement
We were engaged by the general meeting as auditor of ASM International
N.V. on 13 May 2024, as of the audit for the year 2025.
No prohibited non-audit services
We have not provided prohibited non-audit services as referred to in
Article 5(1) of the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding
statutory audit of public-interest entities.
European Single Electronic Reporting Format (ESEF)
ASM International N.V. has prepared the Annual Report in ESEF. The
requirements for this are set out in the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815
with regard to regulatory technical standards on the specification of a
single electronic reporting format (hereinafter: the RTS on ESEF).

The management board is responsible for preparing the Annual Report,
including the financial statements, in accordance with the RTS on ESEF,
whereby the management board combines the various components into a
single reporting package.
Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assurance for our opinion
whether the Annual Report in this reporting package complies with the RTS
on ESEF.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

We performed our examination in accordance with Dutch law, including
Dutch Standard 3950N, ”Assurance-opdrachten inzake het voldoen aan de
criteria voor het opstellen van een digitaal
verantwoordingsdocument” (assurance engagements relating to
compliance with criteria for digital reporting). Our examination included
amongst others:
• Obtaining an understanding of the entity’s financial reporting process,
including the preparation of the reporting package
• Identifying and assessing the risks that the Annual Report does not
comply in all material respects with the RTS on ESEF and designing and
performing further assurance procedures responsive to those risks to
provide a basis for our opinion, including:
– Obtaining the reporting package and performing validations to
determine whether the reporting package containing the Inline XBRL
instance document and the XBRL extension taxonomy files, has been
prepared in accordance with the technical specifications as included
in the RTS on ESEF
– Examining the information related to the consolidated financial
statements in the reporting package to determine whether all
required mark-ups have been applied and whether these are in
accordance with the RTS on ESEF.
Eindhoven, March 12, 2026
EY Accountants B.V.
M. J. Moolenaar

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

218

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

30.4 Limited assurance report of the independent
auditor on the sustainability statements
To: the shareholders and the supervisory board of ASM International N.V.

Our conclusion
We have performed a limited assurance engagement on the consolidated
sustainability statement for 2025 of ASM International N.V. based in
Almere (hereinafter: the company) in section ‘Sustainability statements’ of
the accompanying management report including the information
incorporated in the sustainability statement by reference (hereinafter: the
sustainability statement).

Financial statements

Appendix

Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance
engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have
been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.
Our responsibilities in this regard are further described in the section ‘Our
responsibilities for the limited assurance engagement on the sustainability
statement’ of our report.

Based on our procedures performed and the evidence obtained, nothing
has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the sustainability
statement is not, in all material respects:
• prepared in accordance with the European Sustainability Reporting
Standards (ESRS) as adopted by the European Commission and
compliant with the double materiality assessment process carried out
by the company to identify the information reported pursuant to the
ESRS; and
• compliant with the reporting requirements provided for in Article 8 of
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation).
Our conclusion has been formed on the basis of the matters outlined in this
limited assurance report.

We believe that the assurance evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our conclusion.

Basis for our conclusion

Inherent limitations associated with measurement or evaluation
of sustainability information

Our assurance engagement was aimed to obtain a limited level of
assurance that the sustainability statement is free from material
misstatements. The procedures vary in nature and timing from, and are
less in extent, than for a reasonable assurance engagement.

__

219

information between entities and over time may be affected by the
absence of a uniform practice or availability of external information sources
to measure or evaluate this information that can support comparability.
This allows for the application of different, but acceptable, measurement
techniques.
Inherent limitations of a double materiality assessment process

We are independent of ASM International N.V. in accordance with the
Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assuranceopdrachten (ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, a regulation
with respect to independence) and other relevant independence
regulations in the Netherlands. This includes that we do not perform any
activities that could result in a conflict of interest with our independent
assurance engagement and we are not involved in the preparation of the
sustainability statement, as doing so may compromise our independence.
Furthermore, we have complied with the Verordening gedrags- en
beroepsregels accountants (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants). The ViO and VGBA are at least as demanding as the
International code of ethics for professional accountants (including
International independence standards) of the International Ethics
Standards Board for Accountants (the IESBA Code) as relevant to limited
assurance engagements on sustainability statements of public interest
entities in the European Union.

We have performed our limited assurance engagement on the
sustainability statement in accordance with Dutch law, including Dutch
Standard 3810N, “Assurance-opdrachten inzake
duurzaamheidsverslaggeving” (Assurance engagements relating to
sustainability reporting), which is a specified Dutch standard that is based
on the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000
(Revised), “Assurance engagements other than audits or reviews of
historical financial information”.

ASM Annual Report 2025

Significant uncertainties affecting the quantitative metrics
Section ‘Data methods, limitations, and estimations’ in the sustainability
statement identifies the quantitative metrics that are subject to a high level
of measurement uncertainty and discloses information about the sources
of measurement uncertainty and the assumptions, approximations and
judgements the company has made in measuring these in compliance with
the ESRS.

The sustainability statement may not include every impact, risk and
opportunity or additional entity-specific disclosure that each individual
stakeholder (group) may consider important in its own particular
assessment.
Inherent limitations of forward-looking information
In reporting forward-looking information in accordance with the ESRS, the
management board describes the underlying assumptions and methods of
producing the information, as well as other factors that provide evidence
that it reflects the actual plans or decisions made by the company
(actions). Forward-looking information relates to events and actions that
have not yet occurred and may never occur. The actual outcome is likely to
be different since anticipated events frequently do not occur as expected.

Responsibilities of the management board and the supervisory
board for the sustainability statement
The management board is responsible for the preparation of the
sustainability statement in accordance with the ESRS, including the double
materiality assessment process carried out by the company as the basis
for the sustainability statement and disclosure of material impacts, risks
and opportunities in accordance with the ESRS. As part of the preparation
of the sustainability statement, the management board is responsible for
compliance with the reporting requirements provided for in Article 8 of
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation).
The management board is also responsible for selecting and applying
additional entity-specific disclosures to enable users to understand the
company’s sustainability-related impacts, risks or opportunities and for
determining that these additional entity-specific disclosures are suitable in
the circumstances and in accordance with the ESRS.

Comparability may be limited for entity-specific sustainability information
The company provides additional entity-specific sustainability information
in Sections Climate Change, People, Supply Chain Responsibility and
Business Conduct. The comparability of entity-specific sustainability

Furthermore, the management board is responsible for such internal
control as it determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

sustainability statement that is free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.
The supervisory board is responsible for overseeing the sustainability
reporting process including the double materiality assessment process
carried out by the company.

Our responsibilities for the limited assurance engagement on
the sustainability statement
Our responsibility is to plan and perform the limited assurance engagement
in a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient and appropriate assurance
evidence for our conclusion.
We apply the applicable quality management requirements pursuant to the
Nadere voorschriften kwaliteitsmanagement (NVKM, regulations for quality
management) and the International Standard on Quality Management
(ISQM) 1, and accordingly maintain a comprehensive system of quality
management including documented policies and procedures regarding
compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and other
relevant legal and regulatory requirements.

Financial statements

Appendix

• Assessing the double materiality assessment process carried out by the
company and identifying and assessing areas of the sustainability
statement, including the disclosures provided for in Article 8 of
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation), where misleading or
unbalanced information or material misstatements, whether due to fraud
or error, are likely to arise (‘selected disclosures’). Designing and
performing further assurance procedures aimed at assessing that the
sustainability statement is free from material misstatements responsive
to this risk analysis.

• Considering whether the description of the double materiality
assessment process in the sustainability statement made by the
management board appears consistent with the process carried out by
the company

for the group components and locations. For this, the nature, extent
and/or risk profile of these components are decisive.

• Performing analytical review procedures on quantitative information in
the sustainability statement, including consideration of data and trends

• Assessing whether the company’s methods for developing estimates
obtaining an understanding of relevant sustainability themes and issues,
the characteristics of the company, its activities and the value chain and
its key intangible resources in order to assess the double materiality
assessment process carried out by the company as the basis for the
sustainability statement and disclosure of all material sustainabilityrelated impacts, risks and opportunities in accordance with the ESRS

• Obtaining through inquiries a general understanding of the internal
control environment, the company’s processes for gathering and
reporting entity-related and value chain information, the information
systems and the company’s risk assessment process relevant to the
preparation of the sustainability statement and for identifying the
company’s activities, determining eligible and aligned economic
activities and prepare the disclosures provided for in Article 8 of
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation), without obtaining
assurance information about the implementation or testing the
operating effectiveness of controls

__

220

consistent or coherent with the sustainability statement, appear
reasonable, in particular whether the eligible economic activities meet
the cumulative conditions to qualify as aligned and whether the
technical screening criteria are met, and whether the key performance
indicators disclosures have been defined and calculated in accordance
with the Taxonomy delegated acts, and comply with the reporting
requirements provided for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852
(Taxonomy Regulation), including the format in which the activities are
presented

• Considering the overall presentation, structure and fundamental
qualitative characteristics of information (relevance and faithful
representation: complete, neutral and accurate) reported in the
sustainability statement, including the reporting requirements provided
for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation)

• Determining the nature and extent of the procedures to be performed

Our limited assurance engagement included amongst others:

• Performing inquiries and an analysis of the external environment and

ASM Annual Report 2025

are appropriate and have been consistently applied for selected
disclosures. We considered data and trends, however our procedures
did not include testing the data on which the estimates are based or
separately developing our own estimates against which to evaluate
estimates made by the management board

• Considering, based on our limited assurance procedures and evaluation
of the evidence obtained, whether the sustainability statement as a
whole, is free from material misstatements and prepared in accordance
with the ESRS

Communication
We communicate with the supervisory board regarding, among other
matters, the planned scope and timing of the assurance engagement and
significant findings that we identify during our assurance engagement.

Eindhoven, March 12, 2026

• Analyzing, on a limited sample basis, relevant internal and external
documentation available to the company (including publicly available
information or information from actors throughout its value chain) for
selected disclosures

• Reading the other information in the Annual Report to identify material
inconsistencies, if any, with the sustainability statement

• Considering whether the disclosures provided to address the reporting
requirements provided for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852
(Taxonomy Regulation) for each of the environmental objectives,
reconcile with the underlying records of the company and are

EY Accountants B.V.
M.J. Moolenaar

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Appendix
31. Additional sustainability information

222

32. Sustainability statements appendix

227

33. Five-year non-financial table

241

34. Non-IFRS financial performance measures

244

35. Five-year financial tables

245

__

221

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

222

31. Additional sustainability information
In this section, we detail ASM's approach to environmental,
social, and governance stewardship in relation to various topics
not subject to the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive
(CSRD) as these topics did not meet our double materiality
thresholds. ASM's overall sustainability program is broad,
encompassing many interrelated but distinct topics. Certain
topics have reached critical levels of importance within our
company and are being prioritized accordingly. We also
recognize that other sustainability topics are often
interconnected, despite not reaching the same critical levels of
impact. This section of the report offers a more holistic overview
to our environmental, social, and governance sustainability
efforts, to provide a complete account of activities undertaken.

ASM has been globally certified to the ISO 14001 Environmental
Management System (EMS) standard since 2003. The scope of a global
EMS supports consistency in practice across our operations, and provides
a foundation for continuous improvement.
The EMS ensures the organization is appropriately evaluating and
managing environmental aspects related to our business. Our multi-site
certification was last refreshed in Q3 2025 and is valid until July 2028.
Our EMS provides a framework to be compliant with all applicable
environmental laws and regulations with a goal of no Notices of Violation
(NOVs), and we maintain an environmental legal register to assess
regulatory applicability annually at a minimum.
In 2025, we did not sustain any environmental-related violations with
significant (> US$10,000) fines or penalties.

31.1 Water efficiency and quality
ASM published its dedicated water policy in 2023. This policy sets out how
we collaborate and engage in water security, align to recognized water
stewardship standards, and set targets to measure our progress.
Our four primary research and development centers in South Korea, Japan,
Phoenix (U.S.), and Catania, Italy, accounted for 74% of our water
consumption in 2025. This water is mainly used for cooling and abatement
processes related to our equipment operations. In 2025, ASM continued
implementation of our water policy, prioritizing key facilities for water
efficiency, and reclaim and recycling improvements based on water
intensity and water stress. In this context, ASM focused its water
efficiency efforts on R&D locations with higher water intensity or exposure
to water stress.
As an example, ASM implemented a scrubber water reuse system that
significantly reduced overall water withdrawals at our Catania R&D facility.
The project is estimated to save approximately 11,000 cubic meters of
water per year, representing more than 80% of total site water use. The
system improvements included the installation of new pumps, operation at
reduced temperatures to limit evaporation losses, timed discharge controls
to minimize drainage, and the use of demineralized water to improve
process efficiency.
In parallel, ASM completed the installation of a membrane bioreactor
water-treatment and reuse system at the same site. The system enhances
discharged water quality through advanced treatment processes and
enables the reuse of treated water for irrigation purposes. The membrane
bioreactor is expected to offset approximately 10% of annual water
withdrawals at the site.

Previously, we identified our Phoenix site as having a potential climaterelated water risk, considering regional water scarcity, site usage, and
overall supply versus demand challenges. Since 2019, we have been
operating a waste-water treatment and reclaim and recycling system,
which has saved an estimated 225,200 m³ of water annually, including in
2025.
These projects demonstrate ASM’s continued focus on reducing
freshwater withdrawals and improving water management through
targeted technology investments at R&D locations, especially in waterstressed regions.
At group level, ASM’s water objective for the period 2021-2025 was to
maintain or reduce our normalized water withdrawal intensity at or below
our 2020 level of 91 m³/€ million revenue. This target applied across all
operations. In 2025, our normalized water withdrawal per revenue was 76
m³/€ million revenue. We are currently in the process of determining future
water targets.
Across our operations, ASM ensures full compliance with water-effluent
quality within regulatory control parameters, adhering strictly to regulatory
discharge limits and permit conditions. We actively take steps to ensure
our discharges meet local quality requirements, enabling adequate
treatment before returning to natural ecosystems. In some regions, ASM
pre-treats effluents before discharging to a publicly-owned treatment
works (POTW) facility, following stringent quality protocols to prevent
disruptions to downstream treatment processes, infrastructure issues,
worker safety risks, or adverse effects on receiving water bodies. In other
regions where the municipality does not directly accept industrial
wastewater, we collect and transport wastewater offsite for appropriate
treatment and management. Across all scenarios, we ensure that there are
no leaks or unintended releases within our wastewater collection system,
safeguarding the surrounding environment.
ASM does not make use of ultrapure water (UPW) in any of its operations.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Water withdrawals
300

300
221

200

176

241

224

200

169

100

100
102

84

70

76

76

2024

2025

—

—
2021

2022

2023

Water withdrawn absolute (m3)

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

packaging has relied on one-time-use wood crating, which may be
recycled or disposed of depending on the region. In 2025, ASM continued
its action plans to expand the reuse crating program, partnering globally to
disassemble, refurbish, and return crates for reuse. We aim to expand our
reusable crates approach to all tools and tool-sets in the future. In 2025,
our reusable crates initiative avoided 575.6 tonnes of landfill disposal
(2024: 539 tonnes).
Our percentage coverage of downstream customer reuse crating remained
flat at 8% in 2025, representing our reuse achievement compared to the
total potential for this category. We expect the percentage in 2026 to
increase as more reusable crates were shipped, which we expect to see
returned in the periods to come.
Waste avoidance values for 2025 are presented below by program area:

Water intensity (Cubic meters/million € revenue)

31.2 Circularity and waste
ASM published its first waste-reduction and circularity policy in 2023,
focusing on minimizing resource use, optimizing raw material use,
transitioning to a circular economy, and reducing waste-related risks. In
2025, ASM expanded its current waste-reduction programs, seeking new
opportunities to optimize raw materials usage through reuse, recycling,
and resource reductions. Minimizing resource use is the most impactful
part of our waste-reduction strategy. By reducing consumption, we lower
emissions, water use, pollution, and resource depletion, which also
supports our Net Zero by 2035 target.

Tonnes of
waste
disposal
avoided

Reusable
packaging
program

Description

ASM to
customer

Product and supporting equipment sales to
customers

129

ASM to supplier

Parts and sub-assemblies shipped between
ASM and suppliers as part of the production
process

0.1

ASM to contract
manufacturer

Assembled equipment and sub-assemblies

447

ASM recognizes the value of refurbishing durable parts to extend their life.
Through our complete kit management (CKM) program, we are expanding
in-house capabilities to refurbish more components than before. In 2025,
our refurbishment initiatives extended the useful life of various tool parts,
reducing waste, and providing sustainable options for our customers.

According to a comprehensive life cycle assessment (LCA) that spans
across our entire product portfolio, our reusable crates significantly
outperform single-use crates in all analyzed indicators, including human
health, ecosystems, resources, global warming, cumulative energy
demand, and water scarcity. Key results, measured over the lifetime of a
reusable crate, include:
• A 68% reduction in CO2 emissions
• 55% in materials savings
• 94% decrease in water usage

Reusable crates to avoid packaging waste

The full LCA results are available on request.

Product refurbishment

Shipping and movement of production materials, final products, and spares
are major sources of waste in ASM's global value chain. Historically, our

__

223

Waste management at our sites
In 2025, 81% of our non-hazardous waste was recycled or reused, against
a 2025 target of 90%. Performance was impacted by a change in waste
and custodial service providers at our main manufacturing site, which
accounts for 51% of the total global waste within our operational control.
The transition was undertaken to address historical waste-management
challenges and to enable structurally improving recycling and reuse
practices over the longer term. During the transition, this resulted in
temporarily lower recycling rates compared to previous years. The new
vendor setup is expected to strengthen waste segregation, data quality,
and operational practices.
Part of our efforts to further grow recycling and reuse has been to train
specific functions into effective waste management methods. In 2025, this
resulted in four waste management trainings given globally, among others
to our manufacturing and facilities leaders and local departments. Our main
manufacturing location in Singapore again received a deep-dive
assessment to spot improvement opportunities.

31.3 Chemical waste management
ASM is focused on managing its chemical and hazardous waste
responsibly. As an R&D and engineering company, we are constantly
evaluating new processes at our engineering sites. We have robust
controls to make sure all chemicals and gases are handled properly from
'cradle to grave' or 'cradle to cradle'.
The controls include:
a. Chemical approval process – A strict chemical request and approval
process that engages experts from across the organization for all new
chemicals, gases, and change of use requests. Experts involved in the
process at all sites include EHS, product safety, facilities, and the
requesting process R&D team. The process evaluates the request for
legal compliance, health and safety, and environmental management –
including proper effluent and abatement, and, if required, waste
disposal.
b. Physical controls – Once in use, we use leading technology and controls
to monitor for leak detection, exposure controls, emission controls for
gas abatement and waste-water treatment, and robust storage rooms
and secondary containment to prevent release to the environment
should there be a leak.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

c. Emissions and hazardous-waste management – This involves chemical
or other hazardous content materials that must be properly managed.
Our controls help minimize the risk of unabated emissions to air or
water-treatment systems. When chemicals are not managed as part of
process exhaust or by-products, they are properly collected and stored
for potentially hazardous waste disposal. All chemical waste is properly
characterized and managed, according to local regulations and
capabilities. The regions in which waste is generated at ASM are
covered by the Basel Convention definition of waste, and properly
managed – in some cases as hazardous waste. Our goal is to have zero
hazardous waste to landfill where landfill is not the best known method
for disposal. ASM first focuses on minimizing hazardous waste. For
example, our Phoenix, Arizona, site has been a very small quantity
generator (VSQG) for several years. This is the lowest classification of
hazardous waste generation status in the United States.
d. Industry associations – We are engaged in industry associations to stay
informed of the latest developments and knowledge related to
chemicals and gases in our industry, including SEMI, SIA, SESHA, IEEE,
and regional associations. This helps us stay informed, improve our
operational safety, and collaborate with customers to support
transitioning processes safely from R&D to their production processes.
Year

Hazardous waste (mtonnes)

Liquid chemical waste (m3)

2023

9

985

2024

10

927

2025

9

991

31.4 Fluorinated process GHG emissions
Fluorinated chemicals are used extensively across the semiconductor
industry for etching and cleaning in the manufacturing process. These
chemicals have unique properties that allow for efficient plasma etching of
wafer surfaces and cleaning of tool-chamber residues from wafer
processing. They are also used as tracer gases to test and validate gas
lines prior to shipping out ASM products. These compounds are stable
when released into the atmosphere, and absorb radiation, resulting in high
global-warming potentials. As such, they represent a significant portion of
the semiconductor industry's GHG footprint.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Early industry action has allowed for abatement of a significant portion of
the total potential emissions from these used chemistries, both from the
utilized species and the by‑product species resulting from their use.
Investment in abatement by ASM has similarly resulted in a large reduction
of the potential impact from utilizing these necessary process gases. In
fact, recent years have shown installed abatement at ASM sites removing
approximately 90% of process-gas GHG emissions that otherwise would
have been emitted to the atmosphere. Emissions are provided below
for ASM’s direct F-GHG emissions (in tonnes CO2 equivalents). The
increases in 2025 from NF3 and CF4 are due to expanded R&D activities.
Year

NF3

CF4

SF6

2023

44

62

51

2024

36

68

30

2025

52

79

7

Values are reported in metric tonnes CO2 equivalents.

31.5 Volatile Organic Compounds
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) are another class of chemicals used
extensively across the semiconductor industry, primarily in solvents and
cleaning applications. They are able to remove contaminants in high-purity
semiconductor environments. Their effectiveness in use applications is due
to their chemical properties, which also include high vapor pressures. This
means that the chemicals will quickly volatilize (vaporize) into the gaseous
phase, which can cause micro-contamination and safety concerns if not
properly vented.
These chemicals represent a very small footprint by ASM, mostly resulting
from cleaning applications at ASM sites. Emissions values are provided
assuming 100% volatilization of purchased solvents to the atmosphere,
which is therefore a conservative approach.
Year

Emissions (tonnes)

2023

1.99

2024

1.40

2025

1.09

__

224

31.6 Biodiversity
In 2025, we continued with our biodiversity roadmap, taking action to add
biodiversity requirements into how we manage our own physical footprint.
ASM published its first biodiversity policy in 2022, with the intention of
integrating biodiversity considerations into relevant ASM business
programs. In 2023, we performed our first-ever biodiversity risk
assessment of our new greenfield site in Scottsdale, Arizona, where we
plan to build our new North American headquarters. The risk assessment
followed four steps: we conducted 1) a biodiversity baseline study, 2)
performed a desk-based assessment, followed by 3) a field-based
assessment, which concluded in 4) a biodiversity impact report. The
assessment was based on the International Finance Corporation
Performance Standard 6 framework. Various risks were identified, including
birds with a high presence and invasive species. We integrated the
findings from that risk assessment into our Green Buildings program. This
includes repotting all large trees for reintroduction on the property, to
ensure a native ecosystem for the birds, and removing all invasive species
and replacing them with native plantings.
Aligned with our Green Buildings program, we integrate biodiversity
requirements within leading site certifications like Leadership in Energy
and Environmental Design (LEED). The LEED certification framework
covers pollution prevention, habitat protection, open space creation,
rainwater management, heat island reduction, and light pollution reduction.
These elements contribute to the points allocation under LEED’s
‘Sustainable Sites’ category, guiding the biodiversity focus in our site
design.
The expansion of our facility in Hwaseong (Dongtan), South Korea, is ontrack for LEED Gold certification. Situated in a developed high-tech park,
our biodiversity impacts are limited, but efforts focused on minimizing
impacts and promoting biodiversity through heat-island reduction, habitat
restoration, and providing open spaces while minimizing light pollution.
At our future Scottsdale facility, we are currently on-track for LEED Gold
certification, focusing on reducing our environmental footprint and
enhancing local biodiversity. Our biodiversity action plan, developed with
third-party experts, outlines our approach to integrate biodiversity
throughout the design, construction, and operational phases. In 2025, ASM
finalized its plans for using native plants in landscape design.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Our Singapore manufacturing operations feature biodiversity-supporting
elements in a Green Mark Gold+ certified building. Sustainable
landscaping, water-scaping, sustainable product use, and heat-island
reduction contribute to supporting local biodiversity, aligning with
Singapore’s vision of a green, sustainable city.
We also took steps to encourage biodiversity within our supply chain
through the prescribed use of wood from certified sources for our
packaging. With this requirement, we aim to reduce the risk of habitat
destruction of native species. In 2025, we continued to engage suppliers
to ensure adherence to our packaging specifications. While most suppliers
have been meeting these requirements, the survey highlighted areas for
improvement, including the continued use of non-compliant materials by a
small number of our partners.
These insights help us identify opportunities to reduce our packaging
footprint and focus our future efforts. By engaging suppliers in
conversations about sustainable practices, we aim to foster a collective
commitment to preserve biodiversity and promote sustainable sourcing
across the semiconductor industry, with ecosystem services in mind.
Moving forward, ASM will continue to prioritize biodiversity within our site
designs. This includes seeking high building standards, and further
addressing our impact on biodiversity through roadmaps for footprint
reduction.
ASM employees also actively volunteered to protect biodiversity and
enhance local ecosystems through initiatives worldwide. Teams have
participated in tree planting activities in Arizona and Belgium, helping
restore habitats and improve carbon capture. In Singapore, employees
organized beach cleanups to reduce marine pollution, while in Korea, staff
engaged in plogging (collecting litter while jogging) around ASM facilities
to keep surrounding areas clean. Throughout the year, the ASM Ireland
team conducted monthly river waste-picking walks, helping to reduce
pollution and safeguard aquatic biodiversity. In Oregon, colleagues
partnered with local park authorities on different projects, ensuring green
spaces remain healthy and accessible for communities and wildlife. ASM
strengthened local biodiversity and community resilience through its
partnership with the Arizona Sustainability Alliance. By helping plant 87
native and drought-tolerant trees in parks and school grounds, ASM

Financial statements

Appendix

supported the recovery of natural habitat and created new spaces for
birds, pollinators, and other local species to thrive.
All ASM’s purchased renewable energy carries the EKOenergy label, an
internationally recognized certification that goes beyond standard green
energy guarantees. EKOenergy ensures that renewable energy is
produced in ways that minimize ecological impacts and actively support
biodiversity protection. For every megawatt-hour of EKOenergy consumed,
a contribution is made to the EKOenergy Climate Fund, which finances
projects that restore ecosystems, protect endangered species, and
promote renewable energy access in developing regions. By choosing
EKOenergy-certified energy, ASM not only reduces its carbon footprint but
also helps fund global initiatives such as river restoration, reforestation,
and habitat conservation. These actions strengthen ASM’s efforts to
protect biodiversity and generate positive environmental impacts across all
regions where the company operates.

31.7 Supplier diversity
In 2025, ASM continued to track the diversity of our supply chain and
continues to seek out new avenues to support opportunities within the
broader supply chain. Building on our efforts from previous years, we
continued our engagement with SEMI’s Manufacturing Ownership Diversity
working group. Through this collaboration, we can deepen relationships
with diverse-owned businesses worldwide, drawing on the working group’s
collective knowledge to drive efficiencies, align approaches, and open new
channels for engagement.
With a more targeted strategy in place, we aim to prioritize supplier
engagement based on specific topics, risk profiles, and each supplier’s
scale and capabilities. By focusing on these areas, we seek to foster an
inclusive supply chain that not only benefits our business, but also
contributes to the growth and resilience of diverse-owned businesses in
the semiconductor industry and beyond.

31.8 Living wage in the supply chain
In 2025, we continued building on our existing partnership with the
Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) to establish a standard to engage our
value chain on the topic of living wage. We remain focused on highlighting
the critical importance of providing a living wage globally.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

225

Our advocacy efforts over the past year helped maintain momentum with
the RBA’s Living Wage Task Force, to examine the broad impacts of a living
wage and develop actionable guidelines for adoption across the industry.
ASM remains actively engaged in supporting the RBA's efforts for
standardization and will continue to collaborate with the RBA and our
partners to drive tangible progress for employees throughout our value
chain.

31.9 Tax principles
We see tax as an integrated part of doing business and believe that tax
should follow business. It is embedded in the company’s core values to
care for societies in which ASM operates. This includes complying with tax
legislation, and making sure we pay the correct amount of tax in the
jurisdictions in which ASM operates, in line with the added value of the
business operations in that jurisdiction.
ASM sees tax not only as a cost factor, but as a means to contribute to the
societies and jurisdictions we operate in. We are committed to providing
timely, regular and reliable information on ASM’s tax position.
ASM embraces the Dutch Tax Governance code, as published by the
Confederation of Netherlands Industry and Employers (VNO-NCW). For
2025, ASM prepared a separate Tax Report in which the company provides
transparency on tax related matters, including its tax principles and
strategy. The Tax Report includes an overview of ASM's total tax
contribution for 2025.
The 2025 Tax Report can be found on our website.

31.10 Tax governance, risk management and
compliance
ASM’s tax department is responsible for daily tax management. The Head
of Tax reports to the CFO, who is a member of the Management Board.
The Management Board reviews and signs off on the tax strategy and tax
principles, at a minimum on an annual basis. The CFO reports to the Audit
Committee on the adherence to the tax policy and on tax risk
management.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

ASM has a tax control framework in place to mitigate risks and the testing
of our tax control processes and procedures takes place periodically by
way of self-assessment. Our tax control framework is updated from time to
time considering, for example, new tax (legislative) developments, changes
in ASM business, and other external developments. The finance and tax
team periodically reviews the tax controls, and the tax positions are part of
the financial audit performed by our external auditor.
We are dedicated to the timely, accurate and correct filing of our tax
returns, accompanying disclosures, and making the respective tax
payments when required.

Relationship with stakeholders
ASM proactively engages with tax authorities to establish and develop an
open and transparent working relationship, including, where applicable,
early engagement ahead of transactions and the filing of tax returns. If we
seek certainty upfront, the company provides full disclosure of all relevant
facts and circumstances. We engage constructively in national and
international dialogue with governments, business groups and tax
associations to support the development of new tax legislation and
administration. This resonates with our tax strategy, through which we
want to create an open and transparent dialogue and consider the
interests of all stakeholders. We also take part in meetings of business
groups and peer companies to learn, improve, and provide our view on tax
developments.

31.11 Cybersecurity
Protecting ASM’s physical and digital assets is crucial to preserving our
business, fostering innovation, and upholding our position as a global
leader in the semiconductor space. To achieve this, ASM Cybersecurity
Management has introduced the Cybersecurity Assurance Framework,
which aligns with industry best practices such as ISO 27001 and NIST. This
framework provides a robust foundation for our cybersecurity initiatives
and ensures a level of assurance and maturity in our cybersecurity posture.
Our key objective is to achieve zero cyber breaches at ASM. In 2025, ASM
successfully achieved this goal with zero cyber breaches. We also further
implemented capabilities such as Information Rights Management (IRM),
which bolsters our capacity to proactively prevent potential data loss,
thereby safeguarding our invaluable assets.

Financial statements

Appendix

Recognizing that the cornerstone of a robust cyber posture is physical
security, ASM IP & Licensing and Global IT have collaborated on
conducting periodic site audits. These audits not only drive strict
adherence to security requirements but also align with our overarching
business resiliency and risk-management activities, further strengthening
our commitment to comprehensive security measures.
We have expanded our capabilities in detecting and responding to
advanced threats to address the ever-evolving cyber-threat landscape.
Our around-the-clock enhanced threat intelligence now covers internal
and external threats, and continuous third-party monitoring of our key
suppliers’ cyber posture. This comprehensive expansion aims to achieve
early detection and swift response to potential attacks.
ASM maintains a clear escalation process that enables employees to report
suspected cybersecurity incidents, vulnerabilities, or suspicious activities.
Regular awareness campaigns, including phishing simulations, reinforce
how and when to report potential threats. Within ASM's email environment,
employees can easily report suspected phishing messages via a dedicated
reporting function. All reports are reviewed by the cybersecurity team and
result in direct feedback to the reporting employee, supporting early
detection and continuous learning.
We have a strong emphasis on readiness in response to threats in our
continued focus on cyber drills. These exercises simulate real-world
scenarios and help us keep our response teams and playbooks current.
They also help us maintain our vigilance towards evolving cyber threats.

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

226

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

227

32. Sustainability statements appendix
32.1 Content and structure of the Sustainability statements
ESRS 2: General disclosures

ESRS S1: Own workforce

BP-2

15.1 Company overview - Our sustainability statements

S1-1

17.1 People practices; 17.5 Human rights; 19.1 Corporate culture and ethics

GOV-1

15.2 Sustainability governance; DRs 20a, 21a, 21b, 21d are incorporated by reference to chapter 21.5. DR 22a is incorporated by
reference in chapters 22 and 23. DRs 20c, 21c, 21e, 23a, 23b are incorporated by reference in chapter 24.2.

S1-2

17.1 People practices - Engaging our people

S1-3

19.2 Ethics, Bribery, and Corruption - Speaking up

GOV-2

15.3 Stakeholder engagement - ASM stakeholder framework

S1-4

GOV-3

15.2 Sustainability governance - Sustainability incentive schemes

17.1 People practices - Talent attraction and retention; 17.2 Inclusion, Diversity & Belonging; 17.3 Skilled workforce; 17.4 Health,
safety, and employee well-being

GOV-4

15.2 Sustainability governance - Sustainability due diligence

S1-5

GOV-5

15.2 Sustainability governance - Our sustainability reporting principles

17.1 People practices - Talent attraction and retention; 17.2 Inclusion, equity, and diversity - Equal pay and gender equity;
Diversity in perspectives; Age diversity; 17.3 Skilled workforce - Performance management and career development; 17.4
Health, Safety, and employee well-being - Our 2025 performance

SBM-1

15.1 Company overview. DR 40a ii is incorporated by reference in chapter 4.2, DR 40a iii in section 17.1, DR 40b in chapter 28.1,
DR 40e and 40f in section 16.3, DR 40g in chapter 14 - Our 2030 ESG strategy, DR 41 in section 16.2; DR42a and 42b are
incorporated by reference in section 8.1. DR42c is incorporated by reference in chapter 6.

S1-6

17.2 Inclusion, Diversity & Belonging - Workforce demographics

S1-9

17.2 Inclusion, Diversity & Belonging - Equal pay; Diversity in perspectives; Age diversity

SBM-2

15.3 Stakeholder engagement

S1-10

17.5 Human rights - Adequate wages

SBM-3

15.4 Impacts, risks and opportunities at ASM - 2025 Results and continuous improvement; 16.1 Climate risks and opportunities

S1-13

17.3 Skilled workforce - Training and skills development

IRO-1

15.4 Impacts, risks and opportunities at ASM

S1-14

17.4 Health, Safety, and employee well-being - Our 2025 performance, phase-in provisions applied to DR 88c non-employees

MDR-M

15.1 General disclosures, MDR-M is incorporated by reference in section 32.3

S1-16

17.5 Human rights - Pay ratio

MDR-P

15.1 General disclosures, MDR-P is incorporated by reference in section 32.5

S1-17

19.2 Ethics, bribery, and corruption - Speaking up; 2025 breaches of our code of conduct

ESRS E1: Climate change

ESRS S2: Workers in the value chain*

SBM-3

16.1 Climate risks and opportunities

S2-1

E1-1

16.2 Climate action approach and results - Climate Transition Plan. Disclosure requirement 14 is derived from Regulation (EU)
2021/1119, Article 2(1).

18.1 Supply chain overview - Policies governing supply-chain risks; Supplier Code of Conduct and Human Rights policy
statement

S2-2

18.2 Engaging our suppliers

E1-2

16.2 Climate action approach and results - Our climate and net-zero policies

S2-3

18.2 Engaging our suppliers - Grievance mechanisms and whistleblower protection

E1-3

16.2 Climate action - Climate Transition Plan, 16.3 Product sustainability; 16.4 Own operations; 16.5 Supply chain emissions

S2-4

18.3 Taking action

E1-4

16.2 Climate action approach and results - Net-zero target

S2-5

18.2 Engaging our suppliers - Tracking effectiveness of our supplier engagement; 18.3 Taking action

E1-5

16.4 Own operations - Energy management and efficiency

E1-6

16.2 Climate action approach and results - Our 2025 greenhouse gas emission results

E1-9

16.1 Climate risks and opportunities; Phase-in provision applied.

ESRS G1: Business conduct*
G1-1

19.1 Corporate culture and ethics; DR 5b is incorporated by reference in chapter 24.

G1-3

19.2 Ethics, Bribery, and Corruption, 24. Supervisory Board report

G1-4

19.2 Ethics, Bribery, and Corruption

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

228

32.2 Minimum disclosure requirements for targets (MDR-T)
Topic

IRO

Description

ESRS E1
Climate
change
adaptation

Material
risk

ESRS E1
Climate
change
mitigation
ESRS E1
Climate
change
mitigation

ESRS E1
Energy
availability

ESRS E1
Energy
efficiency

Value chain

Policies

Actions
(chapters)

Metrics

KPI

Extreme weather events (e.g. floods, storms,
Short-,
heat waves etc.) could impact ASM's operations mid-,
by causing physical damage to utilities and
long-term
ASM's facilities.

Own
operations

Climate and Net Zero
policy statement

16.2, 16.4

E1-3 - Actions and resources in relation to
climate-change policies
E1-5 - Energy consumption and mix
E1-6 - Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG
emissions

Reduction target in percentage of tonnes CO2e
Scope 1&2 market-based
emission (SBTi)

2021

9751

2032

4,837

Material
actual
negative
impact

ASM contributes to climate change by emitting
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions through its
operations and value chain.

Mid-,
long-term

Upstream,
Own
operations,
Downstream

Climate and Net Zero
policy statement

16.2, 16.3,
16.4, 16.5

Reduction target in percentage of tonnes CO2e
Scope 1&2 market-based
emission (SBTi)

2021

9751

2035

975

Material
risk

Failure to meet net-zero targets in time, leading
to 1) ASM becoming a lagger in the climate
transition; 2) ASM technology and IP becoming
less preferred as alternatives with lower impact
become available. 3) non-compliance with
environmental laws and regulations.

Long term

Upstream,
Own
operations,
Downstream

Climate and Net Zero
policy statement

16.2, 16.3,
16.4, 16.5

Entity-specific:
- Reduction percentage of NF3 usage in key
cleaning processes through replacement of
NF3 with alternative gases
- Reduction percentage in precursor
consumption per wafer in key atomic layer
deposition (ALD) processes, optimizing
chemical usage to reduce waste and
emissions

Scope 3 reduction target per EUR tonnes CO2e /
of value added (gross profit)
€ thousand
(SBTi)

2021

1978

2032

827

Scope 3 reduction target per EUR tonnes CO2e /
of value added (gross profit)
€ thousand
(SBTi)

2021

1978

2035

59

Reduction percentage of NF3
Percentage
usage in key cleaning processes
through replacement of NF3 with
alternative gases

2023

—%

2035

(90)%

Reduction percentage in
Percentage
precursor consumption per wafer
in key atomic layer deposition
(ALD) processes, optimizing
chemical usage to reduce waste
and emissions

2023

—%

2035

(35)%

Maintain 100% renewable
electricity across ASM global
operations from 2024 forward
through Net Zero target year

%

2024

100 %

20252035

100 %

Energy savings within global
operations

MWh

N/A

N/A

2025

500

Aggregate energy savings within
global operations

MWh

N/A

N/A

20262030

10,000

Reduction percentage in thermal
energy per wafer for thermally
driven products such as epitaxy
(Epi) and vertical furnaces (VF)

Percentage

2023

1

2035

(35)%

Reduction percentage in RF
energy per wafer for plasmadriven products like PECVD and
PEALD.

Percentage

2023

1

2035

(20)%

Material
actual
negative
impact

Low energy availability from the market might
interrupt business processes.

Material
1) Preference for our energy- and resourceopportunity efficient technology could increase ASM’s
market share; 2) Alignment with stakeholder
expectations on climate action enhances ASM’s
credibility and market access; 3) Access to
sustainable finance and lower cost of capital

Time
horizon

Mid-,
long-term

Mid-,
long-term

Own
operations

Downstream

Climate and Net Zero
policy statement

Climate and Net Zero
policy statement

16.2, 16.3,
16.4, 16.5

16.2, 16.3,
16.4, 16.5

E1-5 - Energy consumption and mix
Entity-specific:
- Renewable electricity %
- Energy savings within global operations
- Reduction percentage in thermal energy
per wafer for thermally driven products such
as epitaxy (Epi) and vertical furnaces (VF)
- Reduction percentage in RF energy per
wafer for plasma-driven products like PECVD
and PEALD.
Entity-specific:
- Reduction percentage in thermal energy
per wafer for thermally driven products such
as epitaxy (Epi) and vertical furnaces (VF)
- Reduction percentage in RF energy per
wafer for plasma-driven products like PECVD
and PEALD.

Unit

Base
year

Baseline Target
value
date

Target
value

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Strategy and performance

Topic

IRO

Description

Time
horizon

Value chain

Policies

Actions
(chapters)

Metrics

KPI

Unit

Base
year

ESRS S1
Adequate
wage at ASM

Material
actual
positive
impact

ASM provides employees with an adequate
wage, enabling a decent living standard for
themselves and their families, increasing their
quality of life.

Short-,
mid-,
long-term

Own
operations

Code of Business
Conduct, Global
employment
standards, Human
Rights policy

17.5

S1-10 – Adequate wages
S1-16 - Compensation metrics

ASM ensures adequate wages
N/A
through established
remuneration frameworks,
collective labor agreements
where applicable, and regular
benchmarking against relevant
labor markets. As remuneration is
assessed on a continuous basis
and driven by role, experience,
geography, and market
conditions, a separate
quantitative target is not
considered an appropriate
management instrument.

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

ESRS S1
Diversity and
gender
equality at
ASM

Material
actual
positive
impact

ASM supports an inclusive and diverse
workforce (incl. gender equality), which could
otherwise negatively influence workers' morale.

Short-,
mid-,
long-term

Own
operations

17.2

S1-6 - Characteristics of the undertaking's
employees
S1-9 - Diversity metrics

Female representation
among the sub-board, excluding
our US workforce

Percentage

N/A

N/A

2030

25 %

ESRS S1
Diversity and
gender
equality at
ASM

Material
risk

Failing to establish a diverse workforce could
result in missed opportunities to attract and
retain top talent and improve customer
orientation and decision-making.

Short-,
mid-,
long-term

Own
operations

Code of Business
Conduct, Global
employment
standards, Diversity,
Equity & Inclusion
policy, Human Rights
policy

Entity-specific:
– Female representation among the subboard, excluding our US workforce
– Female representation among all
employees excluding our US workforce

Female representation
among all employees excluding
our US workforce

Percentage

N/A

N/A

2030

25 %

ESRS S1
Equal pay at
ASM

Material
actual
positive
impact

ASM offers equal pay, resulting in a level playing Short-,
field for individuals, thereby positively
mid-,
influencing the prospects of minority groups and long-term
general workers' morale.

Own
operations

Code of Business
Conduct, Global
employment
standards

17.2

S1-16 - Compensation metrics

Pay gap ratio

Percentage

N/A

N/A

20252030

≥97%

ESRS S1
Material
Health and
potential
safety at ASM negative
impact

If ASM does not facilitate a healthy and safe
work environment for its workforce, accidents
and harm to personal health can occur.

Short-,
mid-, and
long-term

Own
operations

Global Occupational
Health and Safety
policy statement

17.4

S1-14 - Health and safety metrics

Total recordable injury rate
(OSHA)

Total
recordable
injury rate

N/A

N/A

2030

<=0.15

ESRS S1
Training and
skills
development
at ASM

Material
actual
positive
impact

ASM invests in training and skills development
of its workforce, positively impacting long-term
employability and workers' morale.

Short-,
mid-,
long-term

Own
operations

Code of Business
Conduct, Global
employment
standards

17.3

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

ESRS S1
Training and
skills
development
at ASM

Material
Appropriate training and skills development
opportunity could lead to highly skilled, motivated, and
dedicated employees. It supports our ability to
attract and retain talent.

Short-,
mid-,
long-term

Own
operations

While we do not have a
dedicated global policy for
training and skills development,
we have chosen an approach
that prioritizes individualized
growth to support tailored
development opportunities that
align with the unique needs of
each individual.

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

ESRS S1
Working
hours at ASM

Material
potential
negative
impact

Short- and Own
mid-term
operations

RBA working hours compliance

Compliance
assessment

N/A

N/A

2025

Compliant

Excessive working hours could compromise the
health and well-being of our own workforce.

Financial statements

Code of Business
Conduct, Global
employment
standards, Human
Rights policy

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

Introduction

Entity-specific:
Total recordable injury rate (OSHA)

17.4

S1-13 - Training and skills development
metrics

Entity-specific:
RBA working hours compliance

Baseline Target
value
date

229

Target
value

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Topic

IRO

Description

Time
horizon

Value chain

Policies

ESRS S2
Involuntary
labor in
supply chain

Material
potential
negative
impact

People working for our suppliers could be
working against their will, creating an unsafe
work environment and compromising their
health, well-being, and worker rights.

Short-,
mid-,
long-term

Upstream

ESRS S2
Health and
safety in
supply chain

Material
potential
negative
impact

Short-,
mid-,
long-term

Upstream

ESRS S2
Working
hours in
supply chain

Material
potential
negative
impact

If ASM does not stimulate a healthy and safe
work environment for suppliers (incl. further
down the chain such as 3TG suppliers),
accidents and harm to personal health can
occur.
Excessive working hours could compromise the
health and well-being of supply-chain workers.

ESRS G1
Business
ethics

Material
risk

Non-compliance to business conduct rules and
regulations due to unethical behavior, including
bribery and corruption, could lead to severe
penalties and financial damages.

Short-,
mid-,
long-term

ESRS G1
Corporate
culture

Material
actual
positive
impact

ASM's corporate culture stimulates desired
Short- and Own
corporate behavior, resulting in respectful and
mid-term
operations
diligent behavior to people and the environment.

ESRS G1
Corporate
culture

Material
ASM's corporate culture supports the
opportunity company’s ability to attract and retain talent.

Appendix

Actions
(chapters)

ASM Annual Report 2025

Unit

Base
year

Baseline Target
value
date

__

230

Metrics

KPI

Target
value

ASM Supplier Code of 18.3
Conduct, Human
Rights policy,
SpeakUp! procedure,
Responsible Minerals
policy

S2-4 - Taking action on material impacts on
value chain workers
Entity-specific:
- ASM's most critical direct material supplier
sites are verified as conformant to our
Supplier Code of Conduct
- 3TG smelters or refiners are meeting
industry standards

ASM's most critical direct
%
material supplier sites are verified
as conformant to our Supplier
Code of Conduct

N/A

N/A

2030

>80%

3TG smelters or refiners are
meeting industry standards

%

N/A

N/A

2030

>80%

Code of Business
Conduct, Anti-Fraud
policy, Policy on AntiCorruption, SpeakUp!
procedure

G1-1 - Corporate culture and business
conduct policies
G1-3 Prevention and detection of corruption
and bribery
G1-4 - Confirmed incidents of corruption and
bribery
Entity-specific:
- Healthy awareness of our code of business
conduct policies through annual training
completion rate
- Healthy utilization of our whistleblower
channel

Healthy awareness of our Code
of Business Conduct policies
through annual training
completion rate

Average % of
3 groups of
trainings

2024

95 %

2030

≥97%

Healthy utilization of our
whistleblower channel

% of cases
per number of
employees

2024

0.58

2030

0.8-1.2

Short- and Upstream
mid-term

Short-,
mid-,
long-term

Own
operations

Own
operations

19.2

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

231

32.3 Minimum disclosure requirements for metrics (MDR-M)
This section presents the quantitative data points included in the 2025 Annual Report to track ASM's sustainability performance, in accordance with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards
(ESRS), Minimum Disclosure Requirements – Metrics (MDR-M).

ESRS

Metric name

Unit of measure

Definition

Methodology

Assumptions and limitations

E1

Gross Scope 1 GHG emissions

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Direct greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from sources owned or
controlled by the organization (e.g., on-site fuel combustion, company
vehicles).

ASM follows best-known methods, including the GHG Protocol (GHGP)
and IPCC Guidelines for GHG inventories, 2019 edition (IPCC 2019).
Main direct emissions are related to process gases, refrigerants,
mobile and stationary combustion, natural gas, and LPG. Calculated
using emission factors from recognized sources and activity data (e.g.,
fuel consumption, distance traveled). ASM applies emission factors
from the most relevant national and international sources available at
the start of the reporting year, including IPCC 2019 factors for process
gases, US EPA and UK BEIS factors for mobile fuels, country‑specific
IEA/EIA factors for natural gas and LPG, and IPCC global warming
potential values for refrigerants.

In a few cases, where direct measurements are unavailable, ASM
estimates Scope 1 emissions using operational data and technical
characteristics of each source. For stationary fuels (natural gas, diesel,
LPG), usage is estimated using facility floor area, country-specific
heating intensity, or generator specifications such as rated fuel
throughput and year of purchase, which serves as an indicator of
expected efficiency and consumption. Emergency generators are
assumed to consume fuel based on expected annual test‑run hours
and standard load profiles. For abatement systems, continuous
operation (100% uptime) is assumed because ASM tools automatically
shut down if the point‑of‑use abatement is offline, ensuring
uninterrupted destruction efficiency. For process gases, emissions are
calculated using average utilization and by‑product formation factors
applied consistently across tool types and wafer sizes in line with
industry practice. Refrigerant losses are estimated from equipment
type, age and charge size where leak test data is missing, while mobile
fuel use is estimated from vehicle type, fuel type and expected annual
distance travelled.

E1

Gross location-based Scope 2
GHG emissions

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from sources that are not
owned and/or operationally controlled by ASM, considering energy
sources the organization is physically connected to, and the
corresponding emissions intensities of those source(s) in each
geography they are located.

Location-based emissions are calculated utilizing country and/or
Assumptions and limitations inherent to the Energy Consumption
regional specific emission factors that account for the electricity
Metric.
generation sources within each respective region. These emission
factors are sourced from nationally published grid‑factor databases or
reputable international datasets such as IEA and EIA, using the
versions available at the beginning of the reporting year, and are
applied per unit energy (e.g., per kWh/MWh) to determine the locationbased tonnes CO2e from procured energy.

E1

Gross market-based Scope 2
GHG emissions

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from sources that are not
owned and/or operationally controlled by ASM, considering marketbased accounting of Energy Attribute Certificate (EAC) procurement,
which accounts for renewable energy generation and accounting of
source-to-sink usage of such energy.

Market-based GHG Scope 2 emissions are calculated by accounting
for the global qualified EAC purchases against purchased electricity.
As part of our Scope 2 reporting we account for procured energy in all
its forms (grid electricity, district heating/cooling, EV charging,
generation) as well as associated environmental attributes of EACs for
market-based accounting.

E1

Total Gross indirect (Scope 3)
GHG emissions

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Scope 3 emissions encompass all peripheral activities that occur in the As part of comprehensive GHG accounting and calculation practices,
value chain, excluding those already included in Scope 2.
ASM follows the GHG Protocol, where GHG Scope 3 emissions are
calculated by converting the relevant activity data (e.g, spend,
distance) to tonnes CO2e using emission factors.

While Scope 3 encompasses 15 categories, ASM has determined that
categories 10, 13, and 14 are not applicable to our business according
to the GHG Protocol.

E1

Scope 3.1 Purchased goods
and services

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Emissions from the extraction, production, and transportation of
purchased goods and services.

ASM uses a spend-based methodology, aligning company financial
tracking system commodity codes with the EPA's GHG emission factor
(NASCI, 2022) and recommended GHG databases, excluding
categories covered by other Scope 3 reporting. Inflation adjustments
ensure ongoing calculation accuracy.

The spend-based approach may not fully capture the impact of
supplier-specific greenhouse gas (GHG)-reduction initiatives,
methodologies and parameters are reviewed annually to incorporate
the latest insights. This limits the ability to account for progress
towards our 2035 target

E1

Scope 3.2 Capital goods

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Emissions from the extraction, production, and transportation of
capital goods purchased by the company.

The spend-based method estimates emissions by multiplying the
financial expenditure on capital goods (e.g., machinery, equipment,
buildings) by relevant emission factors.

Average emission factors may not capture the variability in emissions
across different production processes for specific capital goods.

E1

Scope 3.3 Fuel & energy
related

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Emissions related to the extraction, production, and transportation of
fuels and energy purchased and consumed by the reporting company
(not already included in Scope 1 or Scope 2).

The fuel- and energy-based method estimates emissions by
multiplying the quantity of fuel and energy consumed by the
respective emission factors).

Emission estimates are based on average factors and may not capture
variations in actual operating conditions.

E1

Scope 3.4 Upstream
transportation & distribution

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Emissions from the transportation and distribution of purchased goods Emissions are calculated based on detailed emission reports of
(inbound logistics) in vehicles and facilities not owned or controlled by logistics partners. For suppliers where a carbon footprint report
the reporting company.
including GHG protocol standards is not yet available, ASM calculates
the emissions based on distance, shipping weight, and method.

Average transportation emission factors may not fully account for
shipment-specific conditions such as vessel type, cargo weight and
density, and weather conditions.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

232

ESRS

Metric name

Unit of measure

Definition

Methodology

Assumptions and limitations

E1

Scope 3.5 Waste

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Emissions from the disposal and treatment of waste generated in the
reporting company’s operations.

The waste-type specific method estimates emissions by categorizing
waste generated into different types (e.g., paper, plastic, electronic,
organic) and applying specific emission factors to each waste type
based on its treatment method (e.g., landfill, incineration, recycling).

The waste-type specific method may not fully account for
complexities in waste management, including waste-stream mixing,
evolving treatment technologies, and potential for unintended
emissions.

E1

Scope 3.6 Business travel

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Emissions from the transportation of employees for business-related
The fuel-based method calculates emissions based on the amount of
activities in vehicles not owned or operated by the reporting company. fuel consumed (e.g., gasoline, jet fuel) for business travel. The
distance-based method calculates emissions based on the distance
traveled and the mode of transport (e.g., car, plane, train).

Variability in vehicle type, driving conditions, and maintenance can
lead to actual emissions that differ from those estimated using
average fuel-specific factors.

E1

Scope 3.7 Commuting / WFH

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Emissions from the transportation of employees between their homes
and their regular places of work.

The distance-based method calculates emissions based on the
distance traveled by employees between their homes and their
workplaces. Emission factors are applied based on the mode of
transportation (e.g., car, public transport, cycling).

Distance-based commuting emissions may not accurately reflect
actual emissions due to variations in vehicle type, occupancy, driving
habits, and routes.

E1

Scope 3.8 Leased facilities
(upstream leased assets)

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Emissions from the operation of assets leased by the reporting
company and not included in Scope 1 and Scope 2.

Emissions are estimated based on the energy consumption of these
assets, using relevant emission factors, based on owner reports.

Where direct energy consumption data from landlords is unavailable,
estimated emissions are calculated based on asset type, country
averages, and building space. This approach can lead to potential
inaccuracies due to variations in building characteristics, energy
efficiency, and local energy grids.

E1

Scope 3.9 Downstream
transportation & distribution

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Emissions from the transportation and distribution of sold products
(outbound logistics) in vehicles and facilities not owned or controlled
by the reporting company.

Emissions are calculated based on detailed emission reports of
logistics partners. For suppliers where a carbon footprint report
including GHG protocol standards is not yet available, ASM calculates
the emissions based on distance, shipping weight, and method.

Average transportation emission factors may not fully account for
shipment-specific conditions such as vessel type, cargo weight and
density, and weather conditions.

E1

Scope 3.11 Use of sold
products

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Emissions from the use of goods and services sold by the reporting
company.

Scope 3.11 use of sold products is estimated using a process-based
method, calculating the electricity consumption over the lifetime of our
machines installed at our customers’ fabs during the reporting year.
The use cases are selected by product sustainability experts, where
independent tests aligned with the SEMI S23-1021E standard
determine the energy usage, expressed in MWh.

Lifetime emissions are calculated at the point of sale, using locationspecific emission factors and accounting for customer use of
renewable electricity where applicable, while assuming an average
operational lifespan of 15 years for all products. This lifespan is based
on peer analysis, expert input, and internal review of service records,
and may vary on a case-by-case basis. Additionally, as ASM products
are highly customer‑specific, the SEMI S23 energy measurement
reports rely on reference product configurations and
best‑known‑method assumptions, which may not fully reflect the exact
energy performance of every product in use.

E1

Scope 3.12 End-of-life
treatment of sold products

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Emissions from the waste disposal and treatment of products sold by
the reporting company at the end of their life.

The waste-type specific method estimates emissions by categorizing
waste generated into different types (e.g., paper, plastic, electronic,
organic) and applying specific emission factors to each waste type
based on its treatment method (e.g., landfill, incineration, recycling).

The waste-type specific method may not fully account for
complexities in waste management, including waste-stream mixing,
evolving treatment technologies, and potential for unintended
emissions.

E1

Scope 3.15 Investments

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

Emissions associated with investments in companies or projects.

Portfolio-weighted method based on the proportional ownership stake
and emissions data from investee companies.

Due to the timing of ASMPT's Annual Report release, data is estimated
based on the prior year's reported figures.

E1

GHG intensity

tonnes CO2e / EUR GHG intensity metrics express ASM’s greenhouse gas emissions
thousand
relative to key financial performance indicators. Location‑ and
market‑based GHG emissions are normalized by net revenue, while
total Gross Scope 3 emissions are normalized by gross profit.

Intensity ratios are calculated by dividing annual emissions by the
respective financial metric and are presented in tonnes CO2e per
EUR thousand. Revenue and gross profit figures are derived from the
corresponding lines of the Consolidated Financial Statement.

Limitations related to the underlying emission categories.

E1

% of in scope suppliers
reporting Scope 1 & 2
emissions*

Percentage

The percentage of ASM's suppliers included in the
In‑scope suppliers are defined as those with a significant ongoing
emission‑engagement program that publicly disclose their Scope 1 and business relationship and a materially relevant contribution to
Scope 2 GHG emissions.
Scope 3.1 emissions, supplemented by selected key direct suppliers
and major indirect suppliers that already disclose through CDP or the
RBA EMT. Subsequently, these suppliers are assessed to determine
whether they publicly report Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, for
example through sustainability reports or CDP disclosures.

E1

% of in scope suppliers with
GHG reduction targets*

Percentage

The percentage of ASM's suppliers included in the
emission‑engagement program that have set science-based GHGreduction targets aligned with a 1.5°C warming scenario by 2030, as
validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTI).

Identification of in‑scope suppliers - defined as those with a significant
current business relationship and a materially relevant contribution to
Scope 3.1 emissions, supplemented by key direct suppliers and major
indirect suppliers that already disclose through CDP or the RBA EMT that have publicly committed to SBTi‑validated targets.

N/A

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

233

ESRS

Metric name

Unit of measure

Definition

Methodology

Assumptions and limitations

E1

Avoided supply chain
emissions from material
savings*

tonnes CO2
equivalent (CO2e)

The weight of avoided GHG emissions per year through Complete Kit
Management (CKM) reducing the necessity for new materials through
systematic repair, refurbishment, and reuse.

Emissions reduction is calculated by combining refurbished part
counts with raw material weights (sourced from system records,
specification sheets, or volume/density) and raw material processing
emission factors.

Due to estimated raw material weights and generic emission factors,
the resulting CO2 reductions are indicative of trends and may differ
from actual values.

E1

Energy consumption [table]

Megawatt hours
(MWh)

The total energy consumption KPI is measured in absolute terms,
reflecting improvements in energy efficiency, exposure to coal, oil and
gas-related activities, and the share of biogenic and renewable energy
in the overall energy mix of ASM's own operations.

Energy consumption data for ASM sites is gathered from invoices,
meters, contracts or relevant databases, aiming for the highest dataquality available, while accounting for differences in reporting units. It
includes grid electricity, district heating, cooling, and steam, electric
vehicle (EV) charging, and on-site electricity generation.

Extrapolations are at times made for the last period of the reporting
year to accommodate timely reporting. The extrapolation factor is
based on assumptions stemming from historic results combined with
known factors that could influence the usage. For smaller locations,
(e.g., shared sales offices) where source data may be limited,
estimates are made based on total leased area and space type. These
locations represent a non-material portion of our total global
operations.

E1

Percentage renewable
electricity

Percentage

Rate of electricity consumed from renewable sources in ASM’s total
electricity consumption, demonstrating progress towards renewable
energy targets.

The metric is calculated as the proportion of total electricity
consumption sourced from bundled and unbundled renewable energy.
Renewable energy generation data is obtained from vendor data
management platforms and incorporated into ASM’s environmental
reporting with quality assurance and control measures.

N/A

E1

Renewable electricity from
Energy Attribute Certificates
(EACs) [table]

Percentage

Share of bundled renewable electricity is purchased from a specific
renewable energy source. In comparison, unbundled EACs are sold
independently from the physical electricity and can be acquired to
support renewable energy claims.

Calculated as the proportion of bundled and unbundled electricity of
the total renewable electricity consumption. Bundled electricity
reflects ASM's on-site electricity generation, while unbundled
electricity accounts for the global qualified EAC purchases against
purchased electricity. ASM applies the RE100 technical procurement
criteria for all renewable electricity claims, including ensuring
purchased EACs meet RE100 requirements such as credible scheme
recognition and adherence to the 21‑month generation–consumption
matching period.

N/A

E1

Energy savings within global
operations*

MWh

The metric measures estimated yearly energy saving of the projects
initiated and the renewable generation capacity installed during the
reporting year.

Projects that become operational within the financial year and have
identified energy saving potential undergo validation. The anticipated
annual energy savings for each project are recorded in MWh. The
cumulative annual impact of these projects, regardless of their specific
go-live date within the financial year, is reported.

The expected energy saving is measured at project initiation with
project-specific assumptions. These estimations may slightly differ
from the actual savings realized post-implementation due to various
operational factors or deviations from the initial assumptions.

E1

Energy intensity

MWh/ million EUR

Energy consumed per million EUR of revenue for contextualizing
energy consumption.

Calculated dividing total energy consumption by total revenue for the
reporting period for all ASM operations.

N/A

E1

Biogenic emissions [ table]

tonnes CO2e

Biogenic emissions of CO2 from combustion or bio-degradation of
biomass not included in Scope 2 and Scope 3 GHG emissions

Biogenic emissions are linked to ASM’s Energy Attribute Certificates
(EACs) and are calculated for the relevant Renewable Energy
Certificates (RECs) based on supplier‑reported biogenic CO₂ values.

N/A

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

234

ESRS

Metric name

Unit of measure

Definition

Methodology

Assumptions and limitations

E1

Reduction percentage of NF3
usage in key cleaning
processes through
replacement of NF3 with
alternative gases*

Percentage

The percentage reduction in nitrogen trifluoride (NF₃) consumption in
ASM’s critical chamber cleaning processes, achieved through
substitution with lower-impact alternative gases.

NF₃ reduction is assessed using an absolute‑reduction approach,
comparing total NF₃ consumption in the reporting year against the
baseline. The calculation compares NF₃ usage in key cleaning
processes year‑over‑year, and expresses the reduction as the
percentage of total NF₃ volume replaced by alternative gases (e.g., F₂)
across applicable tools.

Estimated savings are derived from standard test conditions and may
not fully reflect the actual performance achieved in specific customer
applications. In addition, the assessment covers only new tool sales in
the reporting year and does not capture sustainability improvements
delivered through the installed base.

E1

Reduction percentage in
precursor consumption per
wafer in key atomic layer
deposition (ALD) processes,
optimizing chemical usage to
reduce waste and emissions*

Percentage

This KPI captures the percentage reduction in chemical precursor
usage per wafer in atomic layer deposition (ALD) processes, driven by
innovations that improve material efficiency and reduce emissions.

The calculation compares the estimated average precursor
consumption of tools sold during the reporting year (with innovations)
against the 2023 baseline, with the reduction normalized across
product groups to account for their inherent characteristics. Precursor
usage is expressed in grams per process module per year and
normalized under ASM’s best‑known‑method conditions.

E1

Reduction percentage in
thermal energy per wafer for
thermally driven products such
as epitaxy (Epi) and vertical
furnaces (VF)*

Percentage

The percentage reduction in thermal energy consumption per wafer
for epitaxy and vertical furnace processes.

Energy usage is calculated under SEMI S23 conditions, including both
processing and idle time, and converted to an energy-per-wafer
metric using wafer-per-hour throughput assumptions. The reduction is
assessed by comparing the reporting‑year average energy‑per‑wafer
consumption, reflecting total equivalent energy savings from product
innovations and the relevant level of customer adoption.

E1

Reduction percentage in RF
energy per wafer for plasmadriven products like PECVD
and PEALD.*

Percentage

The percentage reduction in radio-frequency (RF) energy consumption RF energy usage is tracked per wafer using tool-level telemetry.
per wafer in plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition (PECVD) and Reduction is calculated by comparing RF energy per wafer against
plasma-enhanced ALD (PEALD) processes.
baseline year, accounting for process tuning and hardware
improvements.

S1

Workforce demographics
[tables]

Headcount

Workforce demographics present ASM’s employees by gender, role,
age group, and geographic region. An employee is defined as an
individual who has an employment relationship with ASM under
national law or practice.

Headcount data is sourced from the ASM HR system and reflects the
workforce status on the last day of the reporting period. The dataset
includes key workforce characteristics such as age, gender,
employment status, and role. Contractors are excluded, as they are
considered non‑employees under the CSRD definition of the
workforce.

N/A

S1

Female representation among
the Sub-board, excluding our
US workforce*

Percentage

The proportion of women employed in sub‑board management
positions within ASM, calculated as the number of female employees
in sub‑board roles divided by the total number of sub‑board
employees, excluding all employees based in the United States.

Female representation among the sub‑board is calculated by dividing
the number of female employees in sub‑board roles by the total
number of sub‑board employees, based on ASM’s HR system data as
of the reporting date. The metric excludes employees based in the
United States.

N/A

S1

Female representation among
Percentage
all employees excluding our US
workforce*

The proportion of women employed at ASM, calculated as the number
of female employees divided by the total number of employees,
excluding our US workforce.

Female representation is calculated by dividing the number of female
employees by the total number of employees, based on ASM’s HR
system data as of the reporting date. The metric excludes employees
based in the United States.

N/A

S1

Adequate wage

Percentage of
employees that
earn below an
adequate wage by
country of
operations.

The proportion of ASM employees (by headcount) on the last day of
the reporting period whose basic wage plus any fixed additional
payments falls below the nationally defined adequate wage threshold.
The adequate wage reflects a level of income sufficient to meet the
basic needs of the worker and their family, including food, housing,
education, transportation, and healthcare, in line with local socioeconomic conditions.

ASM applies the definition of Adequate Wage as outlined in the EU
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). The assessment
follows a hierarchical approach. First, statutory minimum wage levels
are defined. Where applicable, wages defined through collective
bargaining are reviewed. If neither statutory nor collectively agreed
wages are available ensure a living standard consistent with the
adequate wage concept for the employees by using recognized living
wage benchmarks as a proxy. Employee compensation data is
extracted from ASM’s HR system, currency and inflation are adjusted
and compared against country-specific adequate wage thresholds.
The metric is calculated as the percentage of employees earning
below these thresholds per country.

Adequate wage thresholds may vary by country and are based on
available national benchmarks or proxy indicators. In regions lacking
formal data, ASM applies cost-of-living estimates. Temporary staff and
interns are excluded unless covered by local wage laws.

S1

Total remuneration ratio

Ratio

The ratio of the total compensation of the highest paid employee to
the median annual total compensation of all other employees.

The highest paid individual remuneration is divided by the median
remuneration of all employees excluding the highest-paid individual.

For the median remuneration of employees (excluding the highest‑paid
individual), pension amounts have been extrapolated using the
average pension expense per employee. Where overtime for
hourly‑paid employees or allowances are not available in the system,
these components are estimated using the entity‑specific ratio of the
relevant P&L line item to base pay. For employees of the recently
acquired Axus, for whom data is not yet available in ASM systems,
remuneration has been extrapolated based on the average ASM
America gross hourly base pay.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Methodology

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

235

ESRS

Metric name

Unit of measure

Definition

S1

Unadjusted gender pay gap

Percentage

The difference of average gross hourly pay levels between female and The calculation is based on data extracted from the ASM HR system
male employees, expressed as percentage of the average pay level of for all employees included in the final payroll of the reporting year.
male employees.
Gross hourly remuneration includes base pay, bonuses, allowances,
and overtime.

S1

Adjusted gender pay gap*

Ratio

Gender-based pay ratio, calculated using headcount and adjusted for
purchasing power differences between countries, with disclosure of
both average and median values.

The gender pay gap is calculated using both average and median pay
levels. For each calculation, the difference between female and male
base salary pay is expressed as a percentage of the male pay level.
Data is sourced from the ASM HR system on the last day of the
reporting period.

S1

Gender diversity

Percentage

Total number of employees (in headcount) on the last day of the
reporting period by gender in percentages.

Employee headcount as of the last day of the reporting period is
categorized by gender within predefined categories (e.g., grade). The
percentage of employees in each gender category is then calculated.
Data is extracted from the HR system.

N/A

S1

Voluntary and total attrition
rate [table]

Percentage

Employee attrition rate, including the percentage of total employee
departures, as well as separate percentages for voluntary (employeeinitiated) and involuntary (employer-initiated) departures, during the
reporting year.

Number of people who have left the company voluntarily and
involuntarily during the reporting year divided by the number of
employees at the end of the reporting year (in percentages).

N/A

S1

Employee age bracket
statistics

Percentage

The distribution of employees across different age groups.

The share of employees in each age group at the end of the reporting
period. The age groups are under 30, 30-50, and over 50.

N/A

S1

Training hours per gender
[table]

Hours

The average number of training hours completed by male and female
employees. Additional break down provided as average and technical
training. ASM’s technical training is focused on the skills required to
design, manufacture, install, and maintain ASM products. Technical
training is role‑based and mandatory for employees working with ASM
equipment, with required courses varying by function, such as safety
and equipment curricula for Field Service Engineers and a condensed
equipment program for engineering roles.

Training hours per employee are calculated based on data from ASM's The assigned duration of training courses may not accurately reflect
internal training system. This includes the duration of assigned training the actual duration of sessions attended by employees.
courses and records of employee completion. Employee gender data
is sourced from the ASM HR system.

S1

Working hours compliance
according to RBA standards*

Qualitative score

Compliance assessment based on the RBA (Responsible Business
Alliance) Code of Conduct standards on working hours (including
overtime limits).

Employee working hours records assessed according to the RBA
standards.

The KPI is limited to workers as per the definition of the RBA: direct
and indirectly hired workers subject to hourly increases or decreases
due to volume production and/or covered by local laws governing
overtime.

S1

% of employees participated in Percentage
annual performance and career
development reviews

The percentage of employees who completed the required
performance‑review cycle (e.g., year‑end evaluations).

The calculation covers regular performance reviews for employees
who joined the company before 1 October and the initial standardized
performance discussions for new hires.

N/A

Completion of performance reviews is logged within ASM's internal
performance management system. Individual employee completion
records are subsequently extracted and aggregated as part of the
metric calculation.

Assumptions and limitations
Where overtime for hourly‑paid employees or allowances are not
available in the system, these components are extrapolated using the
entity‑specific ratio of the relevant P&L line item to base pay. For
employees of the recently acquired Axus, where data is not yet
available in ASM systems, pay has been extrapolated based on the
average ASM America gross hourly base pay. Standard working hours
are estimated at 40 hours per week and 50 weeks per year, as time
registration is not available for salaried employees.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Unit of measure

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

ESRS

Metric name

Definition

Methodology

Assumptions and limitations

S1

Number of fatalities related to
Number
work-related injuries and workrelated ill health

Number of employee deaths resulting from work-related incidents or
work-related ill health.

N/A

S1

Recordable work-related
injuries and work-related ill
health

Number

Total number of recordable injuries and illnesses reported separately.

S1

Recordable work-related injury
rate (OSHA)*

Number per 100
FTE

The number of recordable injuries and illnesses as compared to the
average number of 100 FTE during the reporting year in line, in
accordance with OSHA guideline. This metric normalizes injury data for
variations in workforce size.

ASM applies the US OSHA (Occupational Safety and Health
Administration) recordkeeping criteria for the identification and
classification of work‑related injuries and illnesses, including both
physical and mental health‑related cases where applicable. The
methodology is applied consistently across the organization and is
aligned with the requirements of the CSRD. Records are based on
incident reports and supporting medical documentation. ASM’s
incident reporting platform, training programs, and governance
framework ensure the consistent recording, classification, and
follow‑up of all relevant injury and illness cases.

S1

Recordable work-related injury
rate (CSRD)

Number per 500
FTE

The number of recordable injuries and illnesses as compared to the
average number of 500 FTE during the reporting year, in accordance
with CSRD requirements. This metric normalizes injury data for
variations in workforce size.

S1

Injury rate

Number per 100
FTE

The total number of work-related injuries and illnesses (both
recordable and first-aid) as compared to the average number of 100
FTE during the reporting year.

S1

Lost workday injury rate

Number per 100
FTE

The total number of lost time recordable-injury cases as compared to
the average number of 100 FTE. If an injury case has lost time, that
automatically makes it recordable.

S1

Days lost from work-related
injuries and ill health and
related fatalities

Number of days

Total number of days lost due to lost-time cases of work-related
injury, ill health, and fatalities.

S2

Requested supplier facilities
who completed RBA selfassessment*

Percentage

Percentage of in-scope suppliers who completed a required RBA SAQ.
In‑scope suppliers are those with current‑year spend and material
business impact, including business‑critical suppliers identified
through sourcing strategy and spend, as well as suppliers added due
to increased sustainability‑related risk or relevance (e.g., rising or
strategic spend, compliance or customer requirements, or suppliers
operating in higher‑risk sustainability contexts).

Supplier scope is defined at the beginning of each year. These
N/A
suppliers are then requested to complete the RBA Self-Assessment
Questionnaire (SAQ) for their relevant facilities within the RBA online
platform. Facility IDs are mapped to ASM supplier codes, and the yearend status of each SAQ submission linked accordingly.

S2

ASM's most critical direct
material supplier sites are
verified as conformant to our
Supplier Code of Conduct*

Percentage

The share of ASM’s critical and strategic supplier sites that completed
an approved third‑party audit and achieved a conformant score of
160/200 or higher against the Code of Conduct standard. Critical and
strategic suppliers are those identified as essential to ASM’s
operations either due to high business‑criticality or their strategic
importance.

Data is sourced from RBA audit reports that evaluate supplier sites
against the applicable Code of Conduct standards.

__

236

N/A

Actual working hours are estimated using OSHA’s standard
assumption of 40 hours per week for 50 weeks per year, which
incorporates paid leave and accommodates salaried employees whose
working hours are not recorded in the system. While this estimation
approach may result in minor variances from actual exposure hours, it
ensures consistency and alignment with industry‑standard
methodology.

N/A

N/A

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

Methodology

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

237

ESRS

Metric name

Unit of measure

Definition

S2

Supplier sites with reported
incidents of involuntary labor*

Number

The number of supplier sites with incidents of involuntary labor
identified.

Assumptions and limitations

S2

YoY change in p.p. of supplier
sites at risk for incidents of
involuntary and child labor*

Percentage point
(p.p.)

S2

Supplier sites reporting workrelated serious injuries and
fatalities*

Number

S2

YoY change in p.p. of supplier
sites at risk for major health
and safety incidents*

Percentage point
(p.p.)

The annual change in the proportion of supplier sites flagged as having
potential risks of major health and safety incidents.

S2

Supplier sites reporting
incidents of egregious working
hours or insufficient days of
rest*

Number

The number of supplier sites reporting incidents of egregious working
hours or insufficient days of rest (in violation of labor standards) have
been identified.

S2

YoY change in p.p. of supplier
sites at risk for incidents of
excessive working hours or
insufficient days of rest*

Percentage point
(p.p.)

The annual change in the proportion of supplier sites flagged as having
potential risks of excessive working hours or insufficient days of rest.

S2

Supplier/Supplier worker issues Number
identified and dispositioned
through ASM grievance
process*

The number of issues raised by suppliers or supplier workers and
resolved through the ASM grievance mechanism (SpeakUp!, or other
channels) as presented in Chapter 19.

The number of grievances received through the grievance process
described under the Ethics section.

N/A

S2

CMRT (Conflict Minerals
Reporting Template) [table]*

Percentage

Percentage of in‑scope suppliers that submitted compliant CMRT
responses. The table provides analytics on 3TG declarations and the
presence of high‑risk smelters or refiners (SORs).

In‑scope suppliers are requested to submit their CMRTs through the
designated system. Supplier responses are mapped to ASM supplier
codes for tracking and analysis. In‑scope suppliers are those that are
business‑critical and supply commodities likely to contain tin, tantalum,
tungsten, or gold (3TG). Suppliers that report no 3TG relevance for
two consecutive years are excluded from the survey cycle.

The data reflects CMRT submissions of in-scope suppliers identified in
the previous year, as the CMRT cycle typically commences mid-year.
This may not fully capture the performance of all suppliers active
during the current reporting year, given that the list of suppliers may
be updated annually.

S2

YoY change in % of suppliers
with high-risk smelters or
refineries (SORs)*

Percentage

Percentage of in-scope suppliers that have submitted compliant EMRT In‑scope suppliers are requested to submit their EMRTs through the
N/A
responses. The table provides analytics on cobalt and mica
designated system. Supplier responses are mapped to ASM supplier
declarations and the presence of high‑risk smelters or refiners (SORs). codes for tracking and analysis. In‑scope suppliers are those that are
business‑critical and supply commodities with an increased likelihood
of containing cobalt or mica. Suppliers that have reported no relevance
for cobalt or mica for two consecutive years are excluded from the
survey cycle.

S2

3TG smelters or refiners are
meeting industry standards*

Percentage point
(p.p.)

The change from the previous year in the percentage of suppliers
identified as having high-risk smelters or refineries (SORs) in their
supply chain.

S2

EMRT (Extended Minerals
Reporting Template) [table]*

Percentage

The KPI measures the percentage of ASM’s most critical direct material A site is counted as verified if it has undergone an audit (initial or
N/A
supplier sites that are verified as conformant to ASM’s Supplier Code
closure) within the last four years and achieved a score of ≥80% based
of Conduct.
on the RBA Code of Conduct or an equivalent assessment. If multiple
audits occur in the same year, only the most recent score is used.

G1

Ethics training, e.g. AntiCorruption and Bribery training

Percentage

Percentage of the total number of employees, as of the end of the
reporting year, that completed the required ethics trainings, including
Anti-Corruption and Bribery training.

Ethics training and Anti-Corruption and Bribery training completion
rate is calculated as the percentage of internal active employees, new
college graduates, expat employees, and managed contractors who
completed all required ethics trainings during the reporting year, as
tracked in the company's learning management system.

G1

Reported confidential concerns Count
via SpeakUp! or other channels
[table]

Count of events reported via SpeakUp!, the globally available
anonymous reporting channel or other channels to report ethical or
whistleblower concerns. The scope is ASM worldwide, including other
stakeholders with a valid business interest (for example, suppliers,
contractors, seconded personnel).

Reported confidential concerns are managed by the Ethics Committee. To maintain data consistency across reporting periods, confidential
Data is collected from all available channels, including the anonymous concerns reported through various channels in prior years have been
SpeakUp! hotline and direct outreach to Ethics Committee members.
consolidated with current data from the SpeakUp! system.
Cases are reviewed by the Ethics Committee to ensure data accuracy
and to avoid double-counting of similar or identical issues.

Data is sourced from facility Self‑Assessment Questionnaires (SAQs)
N/A
submitted by in‑scope suppliers through the RBA online platform. Risk
status is determined based on RBA‑aligned self‑assessment responses
The annual change in the proportion of supplier sites flagged as having and, where available, audit results evaluating conformance to labor
potential risks of involuntary or child labor.
standards. In‑scope suppliers are those with current‑year spend and
material business impact, including business‑critical suppliers
identified through sourcing strategy and spend, as well as suppliers
The number of supplier sites reporting work-related serious injuries
added due to increased sustainability‑related risk or relevance (e.g.,
and fatalities.
rising or strategic spend, compliance or customer requirements, or
suppliers operating in higher‑risk sustainability contexts).

Year-on-year change of in-scope suppliers identifying 'high-risk' SORs Due to the mid-year to mid-year survey cycle, the data used to
in ASM's supply chain. The CMRT survey cycle is a reporting process
identify critical and strategic suppliers reflects a one-year delay.
based on prior-year sourcing activities related to critical and strategic Therefore, the supplier list from the previous year is used for scoping.
suppliers.

N/A

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

238

ESRS

Metric name

Unit of measure

Definition

Methodology

Assumptions and limitations

G1

Code of Business Conduct
(COBC) confirmed cases of
non-compliance

Count

Count of COBC confirmed cases of non-compliance.

Reported confidential concerns are reviewed and categorized by the
Ethics Committee, and those associated with violations of the Code of
Business Conduct (COBC) are counted for this metric.

N/A

G1

Healthy utilization of our
whistleblower channel*

Percentage

Number of confidential concerns reported through ASM's SpeakUp!
whistleblower channel during the reporting year, expressed per 100
employees.

All reported concerns are recorded and reviewed by the Ethics
Committee. The utilization rate is calculated by dividing the total
number of reported cases in the reporting year by the number of
employees at December 31 of that year, multiplied by 100. Cases
include reports from employees or external stakeholders as they
pertain to ASM and are counted once to avoid double counting across
reporting channels.

The metric reflects reported concerns to indicate awareness and
confidence in the channel. It may not represent the actual number of
incidents as reporting behavior can be influenced. Year on year
changes may therefore indicate shifts in reporting culture or outreach
efforts rather than underlying misconduct trends.

* Data points marked with an asterisk refer to entity‑specific metrics

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

32.4 Restatements of historic figures
As part of our commitment to continuous improvement in
reporting, several historic sustainability results have been
revised in the 2025 Annual Report. These updates apply
enhanced methodologies and incorporate the latest available
data to improve accuracy and ensure comparability across
reporting periods.

Environmental metrics
Our Scope 3.11 Use of sold products category has been refined to
incorporate primary data received from customers. A conservative
adjustment was applied by updating emissions only for tools sold to
customers that reported using 100% renewable electricity during the
reporting year. As a result, the 2021 and 2024 values have been restated,
and the totals in the emissions table have been updated accordingly in
chapter 16.2 Climate action approach and results.
An additional restatement was applied to Scope 3.15 Investments to align
the reported emissions of ASMPT with the appropriate reporting year. Due
to timing differences, this update could not be incorporated during the
preparation of the 2024 Annual Report and is therefore presented as a
restatement.
Old value

New value

Scope 3.11 Use of sold products (tCO2e) 2021

1,321,091

1,230,270

Scope 3.11 Use of sold products (tCO2e) 2024

1,291,923

1,077,412

11,804

13,725

Total GHG emissions (location-based) per
revenue (tCO2e /€ thousand) 2024

639

567

Total GHG emissions (market-based) per revenue
(tCO2e /€ thousand) 2024

629

556

Total Gross indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions per
value added (gross profit) (tCO2e /€ thousand)
2024

1,242

1,099

Scope 3.15 Investments (tCO2e) 2024

The underlying 2024 energy‑consumption values in the energy mix table
have also been updated. Fuel consumption from crude oil and petroleum
products was corrected following an update to the LPG conversion factor.

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

Furthermore, several energy‑consumption figures that had been estimated
at the time of publication were updated with actual invoice data received
after the year‑end close. Corresponding updates to totals and percentage
shares have been reflected in chapter 16.4 Own operations, under the
section Energy management and efficiency.
Old value

New value

(2) Fuel consumption from crude oil and
petroleum products (MWh) 2024

2,035

2,290

(3) Fuel consumption from natural gas (MWh)
2024

8,072

8,417

(5) Consumption of purchased or acquired
electricity, heat, steam, and cooling from fossil
sources (MWh) 2024

3,261

3,284

(9) Consumption of purchased or acquired
electricity, heat, steam, and cooling from
renewable sources (MWh) 2024

81,651

79,146

32.6

31.9

Energy intensity 2024

Social metrics
The 2024 temporary‑employee figures in the workforce demographics
table have been updated as part of a reinterpretation of ESRS definitions.
Individuals that were previously counted as temporary employees were
external workers and therefore should not be reported in this category.
The corresponding lines have been updated in chapter 17.2 Inclusion,
Diversity & Belonging. In addition, average training hours in chapter 17.3
Skilled workforce were recalculated after identifying and correcting a
system error. The 2024 percentage of employees below an adequate
wage has been updated as part of a reinterpretation of ESRS definitions.
Previously the results were rounded.
Old value

New value

4,632

4,558

Employee headcount - temporary 2024

74

-

Avg. training hours per employee - Male 2024

35

29

Avg. training hours per employee - Female 2024

18

17

Avg. training hours per employee - Total 2024

32

27

Employee headcount - total 2024

Adequate wages - % below adequate wage

-%

0.04 %

__

239

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

240

32.5 Minimum Disclosure Requirements for Policies
This section presents key policies relevant to ASM's sustainability performance. These policies provide a broader understanding of ASM's sustainability governance and are categorized by their scope and
ownership within ASM.
Policy

Key content

Third-party standards

Owner within ASM

Scope

Relevant section in the
Annual Report

Stakeholder dialogue
policy

To ensure meaningful engagement with stakeholders across ASM’s global operations, this policy outlines the approach to
identifying, consulting, and integrating stakeholder perspectives into decision-making. It supports transparency,
responsiveness, and long-term value creation by fostering trust and mutual understanding.

Responsible Business Alliance Code of Conduct, Dutch
Corporate Governance Code

Management Board

ASM Global

15.3 Stakeholder
engagement

Climate and Net Zero
policy statement

To guide ASM’s transition to a low-carbon future, this policy commits to reducing greenhouse gas emissions across the full
value chain and achieving net-zero targets. It includes measures such as energy efficiency improvements, renewable energy
sourcing, and climate risk adaptation. The policy supports ASM’s broader sustainability strategy and aligns with global climate
frameworks.

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures,
Science Based Targets initiative, Paris Agreement

VP Sustainability & EHS

ASM Global

16.2 Climate action
approach and results

Global Occupational
Health and Safety policy
statement

To protect the health and safety of all ASM employees and contractors, this policy establishes minimum standards for safe
working conditions, hazard prevention, and continuous improvement. It promotes a proactive safety culture and compliance
with international occupational health and safety regulations.

Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Code of Conduct,
World Health Organization (WHO), ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems,
International Labour Organization

VP Sustainability & EHS

ASM Global

17.4 Health, Safety, and
employee well-being

ASM Supplier Code of
Conduct

To ensure responsible sourcing and ethical supply chain practices, this policy sets expectations for suppliers regarding labor
rights, environmental stewardship, and business integrity. It is aligned with the Responsible Business Alliance Code of Conduct
and applies to all direct and indirect suppliers globally.

Responsible Business Alliance Code of Conduct, United
Nations Guiding Principles, International Labour
Organization, Universal Declaration of Human Rights,
Occupational Safety and Health Administration

VP Global Supply Chain

Direct and
indirect
suppliers

18.1 Supply chain
overview

Responsible Minerals
policy statement

To promote ethical sourcing of minerals and prevent human rights abuses in the supply chain, this policy outlines ASM’s
commitment to due diligence, traceability, and supplier engagement. It supports compliance with international standards such
as the OECD Due Diligence Guidance and contributes to responsible mineral procurement.

OECD Due Diligence Guidance, EU Conflict Minerals
Regulation, Responsible Minerals Initiative

VP Sustainability & EHS

ASM Global

18.1 Supply chain
overview

Human Rights policy

To uphold and respect human rights across ASM’s operations and value chain, this policy affirms ASM’s commitment to the UN
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. It addresses non-discrimination, freedom of association, fair labor practices,
and protection from exploitation, and applies to all employees, suppliers, and partners.

United Nations Guiding Principles, International Labour
Organization Conventions, UDHR

VP Sustainability & EHS

ASM Global

17.5 Human rights

Global employment
standards

To ensure fair and equitable treatment of employees worldwide, this policy sets minimum standards for working conditions,
wages, working hours, and freedom of association. It is based on the Responsible Business Alliance Code of Conduct and
supports ASM’s commitment to ethical labor practices.

Responsible Business Alliance Code of Conduct,
International Labour Organization Conventions

Head of People, Europe

ASM Global

17.5 Human rights

Policy regarding
Inclusion, Diversity &
Belonging

To foster an inclusive workplace culture, this policy promotes diversity in recruitment, development, and leadership. It supports
equity in opportunity and representation, and inclusion in decision-making and innovation. The policy is embedded in ASM’s
global HR strategy and monitored by the Management Board.

Responsible Business Alliance Code of Conduct, United
Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human
Rights, Global Reporting Initiative Standards

Management Board

ASM Global

17.2 Inclusion, Diversity &
Belonging

Anti-Fraud policy

To safeguard ASM’s assets and reputation, this policy outlines measures to prevent, detect, and respond to fraudulent
activities. It includes internal controls, reporting mechanisms, and disciplinary procedures, and is overseen by the Ethics
Committee.

Responsible Business Alliance Code of Conduct, United
Nations Guiding Principles

Ethics Committee

ASM Global

19.1 Corporate culture
and ethics

Policy on Anti-Corruption To ensure ethical business conduct and compliance with anti-corruption laws, this policy prohibits bribery, facilitation
payments, and conflicts of interest. It promotes transparency, accountability, and training for employees and partners, and is
governed by the Ethics Committee.

Responsible Business Alliance Code of Conduct, United
Nations Convention against Corruption

Ethics Committee

ASM Global

19.1 Corporate culture
and ethics

SpeakUp! procedure

To enable safe and confidential reporting of unethical behavior, this procedure provides employees and stakeholders with
access to anonymous reporting channels. It ensures protection against retaliation and supports ASM’s culture of integrity and
accountability.

Responsible Business Alliance Code of Conduct, United
Nations Guiding Principles, EU Whistleblowing Directive

Ethics Committee

ASM Global

19.1 Corporate culture
and ethics

Code of Business
Conduct

To define ASM’s ethical standards and guide responsible decision-making, this code applies to all employees and business
Responsible Business Alliance Code of Conduct, United
partners. It covers topics such as compliance, integrity, respect, and sustainability, and is aligned with the Responsible Business Nations Guiding Principles
Alliance Code of Conduct.

Ethics Committee

ASM Global

19.1 Corporate culture
and ethics

Remuneration policy
Management Board

To align executive compensation with ASM’s strategic goals and performance, this policy defines the structure and criteria for
remuneration. It includes fixed and variable components, long-term incentives, and ESG-linked metrics, and is approved by the
Supervisory Board.

Supervisory Board

Management 15.1 Company overview
Board

Dutch Corporate Governance Code

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

241

33. Five-year non-financial table
Categories

Indicators

Units or Definition

Employees

Employees

Number

3,312

4,258

4,542

4,558

4,519

New hires

Number

1,146

1,453

730

588

683

Employees

Male (% globally)

85 %

83 %

83 %

82 %

82 %

Female (% globally)

15 %

17 %

17 %

18 %

18 %

Diversity & inclusion

Health and safety

2022

2023

2024

2025

Supervisory Board

% Female/% Male

43 / 57%

50 / 50%

50 / 50%

43 / 57%

43 / 57%

Management Board

% Female/% Male

0 / 100%

0 / 100%

0 / 100%

0 / 100%

0 / 100%

Gender pay ratio (median)

Female-Male (total)

95 %

98 %

98 %

97 %

97 %

Nationalities

Number

47

59

66

69

70

Workforce split

Asia

63 %

62 %

59 %

57 %

55 %

US

25 %

24 %

26 %

29 %

32 %

Europe

12 %

14 %

15 %

14 %

13 %

Asia

66 %

66 %

62 %

55 %

49 %

US

23 %

21 %

24 %

31 %

37 %

Europe

11 %

13 %

14 %

14 %

14 %

Employees in R&D

Percent

20 %

22 %

24 %

25 %

27 %

Employees covered by collective bargaining

Number

254

408

514

486

416

Percent of workers under collective bargaining

Percent

7.7 %

9.6 %

11.3 %

10.7 %

9.2 %

Voluntary attrition rate

Percent

11.1 %

10.2 %

6.6 %

6.8 %

9.7 %

Total attrition rate

Percent

12.5 %

12.0 %

9.2 %

11.6 %

16.0 %

% performance management completion

Percent

100.0 %

100.0 %

100.0 %

99.0 %

99.8 %

Injury rate

per 100 employees

0.50

0.55

0.48

0.47

0.41

Recordable injury rate

per 100 employees

0.26

0.30

0.28

0.24

0.13

Number of recordable injuries

Number

8

12

13

11

6

Foreign nationals workforce split

Other segmentation

2021

Asia

2

5

4

4

1

Europe

2

2

3

1

2

US
Lost time injury rate (LTIR)

per 100 employees

4

5

6

6

3

0.17

0.17

0.11

0.06

0.04

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Categories

Training

Environmental

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

2021

2022

Units or Definition

Fatality rate

per 100 employees

-

-

-

-

-

Ethics training (bi-annual)

All employees

97.2 %

97 %

97 %

92 %

87 %

Ethics training

New hire employees

97.6 %

99 %

94 %

95 %

90 %

Technical training hours of ASM employees

Hours annually

46,727

87,134

53,418

53,103

41,780

Electrical consumption

MWh

56,286

62,366

76,371

79,689

89,510

Grid electricity

Percent from grid

100 %

100 %

100 %

99 %

99 %

Renewable electricity

Percent from renewable sources

74.0 %

73.0 %

88.0 %

100.0 %

100.0 %

Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) GHG emissions

Kilotonnes CO2e

9.8

11.1

7.9

3.8

6.0

Gross global Scope 1 GHG emissions

Kilotonnes CO2e

1.3

2.0

2.4

2.5

3.0

Gross global Scope 2 (location-based) GHG emissions

Kilotonnes CO2e

24.3

27.1

32.8

33.0

38.0

Gross global Scope 2 (market-based) GHG emissions

Kilotonnes CO2e

8.4

9.1

5.4

1.3

3.0

Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) GHG per revenue (emission intensity)

Tonnes CO2e/million €

5.6

4.5

3.0

1.3

1.7

Water withdrawn absolute

Cubic meters

175,774

168,517

221,406

223,884

240,984

Water withdrawn from water-stressed regions

Percent from high or extremely high
water-stressed regions

43.0 %

37.0 %

41.0 %

44.0 %

45.0 %

Water intake per revenue (water intensity)

Cubic meters/million €

102

70

84

76

76

Significant chemical spills or releases to the environment

Number

Non-hazardous solid waste recycled

Tonnes

1,429

1,981

1,557

1,545

2,117

Non-hazardous solid waste landfill

Tonnes

97

101

92

102

237

Non-hazardous solid waste incinerated with energy recovery

Tonnes

-

-

-

-

-

Non-hazardous solid waste incinerated without energy recovery

Tonnes

264

340

323

316

367

Non-hazardous reuse - ASM diversion

Tonnes

215

453

352

395

447

Reuse/recycle rate (ASM operations)

% solid waste reused or recycled

82 %

85 %

82 %

82 %

Waste to landfill rate (ASM operations)

% solid waste sent to landfill

Landfill diversion (in scope packaging reuse across ASM value chain)

Tonnes (through all reuse sectors)

Reported confidential concerns via SpeakUp! and other channels

5%

-

4%

2024

242

Indicators

-

2023

__

-

4%

2025

-

4%

-

81 %
8%

260

542

500

539

576

Number

8

8

14

27

29

Confirmed cases of non-conformity to our Code of Business Conduct

Number

1

1

6

8

2

RBA Risk assessment

RBA self-assessment rating

RBA rating (corporate + all applicable
facilities)

Low

Low

Low

Low

Low

Supply chain

Total direct supplier spend by region

Asia percent

72 %

72 %

74 %

77 %

74 %

North America percent

20 %

20 %

19 %

20 %

23 %

Europe percent

8%

8%

7%

3%

3%

Ethics compliance

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

243

Categories

Indicators

Units or Definition

2021

2022

2023

2024

2025

Supply chain (critical, strategic
suppliers)

RBA self-assessment questionnaire (SAQ) with low/medium risk

Percentage

84 %

84 %

84 %

89 %

94 %

Material sourcing

Critical/strategic suppliers conflict minerals CMRT received

Percentage

100 %

100 %

99 %

96 %

98 %

Intellectual property

Patents in force

Number

Intellectual property protection & competitive behavior

Monetary losses as a result of legal
proceedings associated with anticompetitive behavior regulations

2,250

2,619

2,953

3,395

3,953

0

0

0

0

0

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

244

34. Non-IFRS financial performance measures
Certain parts of this Annual Report contain non-IFRS financial performance
measures, which are not recognized measures of financial performance or
liquidity under IFRS. These are commonly referred to as non-IFRS financial
measures.
ASM uses items such as working capital and free cash flow as internal
measures of financial performance. ASM’s definition of these measures
may not be comparable with similarly titled financial performance
measures and disclosures by other entities.
These measures may not be indicative of the company’s historical
operating results nor are such measures meant to be predictive of the
company’s future results.
The presentation of the non-IFRS financial performance measures in this
report should not be construed as an implication that ASM’s future results
will be unaffected by exceptional or non-recurring items.
ASM presents non-IFRS financial measures in this Annual Report because it
monitors these performance measures at a consolidated level, and it
believes that these measures are relevant to an understanding of the
group’s underlying financial performance, adjusted for the impact of
purchase price accounting, earn-out expenses and impairment (reversal)
on its investments in associates.

Non-IFRS financial performance measures
Financial performance measures

Definitions

Change as a % in constant currencies

Change as a % in constant currencies measures the year‑over‑year percentage change in a financial metric, such as
revenue, operating result, or operating expenses, after eliminating the impact of exchange rate movements.
It reflects the underlying business performance as if currency rates had remained unchanged.
The calculation is based on the sum of monthly results converted at the corresponding prior‑year monthly exchange rates
and compared against last year’s figures.

Adjusted cost of sales

Cost of sales adjusted for the amortization expenses of fair value adjustments from purchase price allocation

Adjusted gross profit

Gross profit adjusted for the amortization expenses of fair value adjustments from purchase price allocation

Adjusted gross/net research &
development expenses

Gross/ net research & development expenses adjusted for the amortization expenses of fair value adjustments from
purchase price allocation

Adjusted selling, general and
administrative expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses adjusted for the amortization expenses of fair value adjustments from
purchase price allocation

Adjusted operating result

Operating results adjusted for the amortization expenses of fair value adjustments from purchase price allocation

Adjusted finance income (expenses)

Finance income (expenses) adjusted for the change in fair value of the contingent consideration ("LPE earn-out")

Adjusted share in income of
investments in associates

Share in income of investments in associates adjusted for the amortization expenses of fair value adjustments from
purchase price allocation

Adjusted income taxes

Income taxes adjusted for the realization of temporary differences resulting from purchase price allocation

Adjusted net earnings

Net earnings adjusted for the amortization of fair value adjustments from purchase price allocations (net of tax), change in
fair value of the contingent consideration ("LPE earn-out") and (impairment) reversal of ASMPT.

Cash flows from operating activities
after investing activities

Cash flows from operating activities after investing is also referred to as free cash flow.

Operating cash flows before changes
in working capital

Cash flows from operating activities excluding the impact of movements in working capital during the period.

Working capital

The sum of accounts receivable, contract assets, other current assets, inventories, provision for warranty, accounts
payable, contract liabilities, accrued expenses and other payables.

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

245

35. Five-year financial tables
Consolidated statement of profit or loss
2025

2024

2023

2022

2021

Revenue

3,173.2

2,932.7

2,634.3

2,410.9

1,729.9

Cost of sales

(1,529.6)

(1,451.4)

(1,362.6)

(1,268.0)

(901.8)

Gross profit

1,643.6

1,481.4

1,271.7

1,142.9

828.1

Other income

-

7.4

0.1

-

4.1

(296.5)

(316.8)

(308.7)

(276.6)

(189.5)

(€ millions, except per share data)

Operating expenses:
Selling, general and administrative
Research and development

(409.0)

(369.8)

(309.3)

(233.9)

(151.2)

Total operating expenses

(705.6)

(686.6)

(618.0)

(510.5)

(340.7)

Operating result

938.0

802.1

653.7

632.4

491.5

Finance income

53.1

21.7

14.8

2.2

-

Finance expense

(3.9)

(10.6)

(13.6)

(4.1)

(2.0)

Foreign currency exchange gain (loss)

(83.7)

45.0

(21.4)

25.0

33.5

Net finance income (costs)

(34.5)

56.1

(20.1)

23.2

31.5

Share in income of investments in associates

24.8

9.6

17.5

64.8

74.4

Impairment of other investment

(3.4)

-

-

-

-

-

-

215.4

(215.4)

-

Result before income taxes

924.9

867.9

866.5

505.0

597.3

Income taxes

(201.2)

(182.2)

(114.4)

(115.9)

(102.6)

Net earnings, attributable to common shareholders

723.7

685.7

752.1

389.1

494.7

Reversal of impairment of investments in associates, net

Per share data
Earnings per share (€) for the year attributable to common shareholders:
Basic

14.77

13.95

15.26

7.97

10.17

Diluted

14.70

13.89

15.18

7.93

10.11

Weighted average number of shares (thousand):
Basic

49,000

49,165

49,286

48,820

48,645

Diluted

49,224

49,386

49,555

49,097

48,909

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

246

Consolidated statement of financial position
(€ millions)

2025

2024

2023

2022

2021

Assets
Right-of-use assets

35.0

36.5

35.4

31.7

26.9

Property, plant and equipment

573.2

482.9

384.9

312.1

257.0

Evaluation tools at customers

106.1

109.5

79.6

68.7

63.7

Goodwill

340.5

321.3

320.2

320.8

11.3

Other intangible assets

995.9

815.6

705.6

646.1

274.8

Investments in associates

845.1

903.6

861.9

686.3

848.8

Other investments

22.0

19.8

11.3

5.8

-

Deferred tax assets

40.4

34.7

0.2

0.2

0.1

Other non-current assets

27.7

18.8

15.8

7.1

6.8

Employee benefits
Total non-current assets

5.2

3.8

2.9

2.6

2.0

2,991.2

2,746.6

2,417.9

2,081.3

1,491.4

Inventories

552.1

567.0

525.7

538.4

211.8

Accounts receivable

562.1

789.0

487.7

580.8

446.7

Contract assets 1

110.2

57.7

59.4

64.0

26.3

Income taxes receivable

9.7

4.8

30.0

18.8

18.6

Other current assets 1

84.8

70.3

68.8

48.2

24.7

Cash and cash equivalents

1,026.9

926.5

637.3

419.3

491.5

Total current assets

2,345.8

2,415.3

1,808.9

1,669.5

1,219.7

Total assets

5,337.0

5,161.9

4,226.7

3,750.8

2,711.1

Equity and liabilities
Equity

4,005.8

3,747.2

3,226.8

2,749.3

2,241.8

Other liabilities

64.0

23.6

22.7

18.6

15.9

Contingent consideration payable

18.4

-

88.3

78.6

-

Deferred tax liabilities

207.5

190.9

150.1

123.8

45.7

Total non-current liabilities

289.9

214.5

261.1

221.1

61.6

Accounts payable

214.9

282.6

177.7

243.5

175.4

-

97.0

-

-

-

45.0

33.4

22.7

34.2

27.2

Contingent consideration payable
Provision for warranty
Income taxes payable

78.9

66.2

21.9

43.8

14.5

Contract liabilities 1

505.8

485.7

300.2

295.2

81.4

Accrued expenses and other payables 1

197.0

235.3

216.2

163.7

109.2

1,041.4

1,200.2

738.8

780.4

407.7

Total liabilities

1,331.3

1,414.8

999.9

1,001.5

469.3

Total equity and liabilities

5,337.0

5,161.9

4,226.7

3,750.8

2,711.1

Total current liabilities

1

Contract assets and liabilities are retrospectively separated from 'other current assets' and 'accrued expenses and other payables' (2021 & 2022 adjusted).

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

247

Consolidated statement of cash flows
Year ended December 31,
2025

2024

2023

2022

2021

723.7

685.7

752.1

389.1

494.7

251.0

195.8

180.9

122.4

95.6

Net loss (gain) on sale of property, plant and equipment

0.8

(7.0)

0.2

-

(4.1)

Share-based compensation

47.7

41.6

37.3

29.9

17.2

Net finance (income) costs

(20.1)

(24.8)

(9.5)

3.9

(23.5)

Share in income of investments in associates

(24.8)

(9.6)

(17.5)

(64.8)

(74.4)

-

-

(215.4)

215.4

-

3.4

-

-

-

-

Income tax

201.2

182.2

114.4

115.9

102.6

Changes in evaluation tools at customers

(35.6)

(47.1)

(32.2)

(20.5)

(8.0)

(1.0)

-

0.1

0.2

(0.3)

(160.2)

(97.6)

(118.8)

(90.5)

(151.6)

986.0

919.2

691.6

701.0

448.2

Accounts receivable

162.1

(294.6)

67.7

(125.1)

(154.0)

Other current assets

(14.9)

(1.5)

(21.8)

(14.1)

2.7

Inventories

(14.4)

(32.0)

(3.5)

(276.9)

(39.1)

Provision for warranty

16.4

9.9

(10.2)

5.1

7.1

Contract assets and liabilities

23.6

184.6

21.5

131.2

39.5

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other payables

(97.9)

112.1

(9.3)

120.3

76.3

(€ thousand)

Cash flows from operating activities
Net earnings from operations
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash from operating activities
Depreciation, amortization and impairments

Impairment (reversal of impairment) of investments in associates, net
Impairment of other investments

Changes in employee benefits pension plans
Income tax paid
Operating cash flows before changes in working capital

1

Decrease (increase) in working capital: 1

Introduction

Strategy and performance

Sustainability statements

Leadership and governance

Financial statements

Appendix

ASM Annual Report 2025

__

248

Year ended December 31,
2025

2024

2023

2022

2021

1,060.9

897.7

735.9

541.5

380.6

Capital expenditures property, plant and equipment

(218,482)

(167,895)

(154,103)

(101,184)

(72,199)

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

187

8,817

3,558

940

6,159

Capitalized development expenditures

(205,090)

(166,343)

(147,220)

(102,627)

(81,973)

Capital expenditures intangible assets

(44,719)

(30,492)

(16,389)

(4,662)

(2,680)

(€ thousand)

Net cash from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities

Dividend received from associates

6,653

13,668

30,753

48,919

36,297

Acquisition of business combination, net of cash acquired

(81,480)

-

-

(314,295)

-

Contingent consideration paid in respect of prior acquisition of subsidiary

(76,074)

-

-

-

-

Other investments

(7,926)

(7,721)

(5,641)

(1,971)

-

Net cash used in investing activities

(626,931)

(349,966)

(289,042)

(474,880)

(114,396)

Free cash flow 1

433,922

547,688

446,845

66,608

266,244

(14,076)

(14,177)

(12,602)

(10,289)

(7,854)

Cash flows from financing activities
Payment of lease liabilities
Credit facility renewal fee paid

-

-

-

(660)

-

(152,077)

(151,366)

(100,928)

-

(140,142)

-

-

863

-

4,630

Dividends to common shareholders

(147,303)

(135,487)

(123,383)

(121,650)

(96,893)

Net cash used in financing activities

(313,456)

(301,030)

(236,050)

(132,599)

(240,259)

Foreign currency translation effect on cash and cash equivalents

(20,042)

42,579

7,154

(6,201)

30,294

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

100,424

289,237

217,949

(72,192)

56,279

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

926,501

637,264

419,315

491,507

435,228

1,026,925

926,501

637,264

419,315

491,507

Purchase of treasury shares
Proceeds from issuance of treasury shares

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
1

Non-IFRS performance measure. Please refer to chapter 34 'Non-IFRS performance measures'.

Ahead of what’s next

Feedback and questions
Please feel free to contact us if you
have any feedback on or questions about
our Annual Report:
investor.relations@asm.com

ASM International N.V.
Versterkerstraat 8
1322 AP Almere
The Netherlands

Published on March 12, 2026

