Annual Report

2017
Augmented Version

Bayer Annual Report 2017

The integrated Bayer Annual
Report 2017 is available in
a print version and in an augmented online version (Annual
Report 2017 – Augmented
Version). The online version
contains the notes to the
consolidated financial statements of the Bayer Group,
along with additional
information on the
management report.
The Annual Report 2017 – Augmented Version
can be found at www.bayer.com/AR17.

Cover photo: Farmer Aaron
Gingerich with his daughter
Kylie on one of his cornfields
in Illinois, United States.
You can read more in the
Magazine section, which
starts on page 8.

At a Glance

Sales

Net Income

EBITDA
Before Special Items

+ 1.5 %

-0.3 % + 61.9 %

1

2016

Core Earnings per Share

2017

Supplier Management

+ 1.0 %

2

99.5 %
of all strategically important suppliers
evaluated since 2012

Specific Greenhouse Gas Emissions 3

-4.5%
1 Currency- and portfolio-adjusted

Energy Efficiency 3

Investment in Research
and Development

€4.5 billion
Proportion of Women
in Senior Management

2

32 %

up by

3.8%

2 Changes from 2016; 2016 figures restated

2

3 Bayer excluding Currenta

2

Fiscal 2017

Bayer: business at prior-year
level – on track with strategy
Fiscal 2017

Group sales
€35.0 billion (Fx
adj. + 1.5%)
Bayer:
business
at& portfolio
prior-year
Another record year for Pharmaceuticals
level
– on track with strategy
Weak business development at Consumer Health

GroupScience
sales €35.0
billion
(Fx &against
portfolio
adj.year
+ 1.5%)
Crop
business
down
prior
due to
situation in Brazil – measures taking effect
Another record year for Pharmaceuticals
EBITDA before special items €9.3 billion (– 0.3%)
Weak business development at Consumer Health
Net income €7.3 billion (+ 61.9%)
Crop Science business down against prior year due to
situation
in Brazil
measures
effect
)
Core
earnings
per –share
€6.74 taking
(+ 1.0%
EBITDA before
special items
€9.3 billion
(– 0.3%)
Covestro
deconsolidated
– additional
cash
inflows
of €4.7
billion
Net income
€7.3
billion (+ 61.9%)
Monsanto acquisition expected to close in
Core earnings per share €6.74 (+ 1.0%)
second quarter of 2018
Covestro deconsolidated – additional cash
Further progress in implementing sustainability targets
inflows of €4.7 billion
Group outlook for 2018: increase in sales (Fx & portfolio
Monsanto acquisition expected to close in
adj.), EBITDA before special items and core earnings per
second quarter of 2018
share at prior-year level due to currency effects
Further progress in implementing sustainability targets
Group outlook for 2018: increase in sales (Fx & portfolio
adj.), EBITDA before special items and core earnings per
share at prior-year level due to currency effects

Key Data
€ million

2016

Change
from
2017 2016 (%)

Bayer Group
Sales

34,943

35,015

EBITDA 1

8,801

8,563

+ 0.2%
– 2.7%

EBITDA before special items 1

9,318

9,288

– 0.3%

EBITDA margin before special items 1

26.7%

26.5%

EBIT 1

5,738

5,903

+ 2.9%

EBIT before special items 1

6,826

7,130

+ 4.5%

Income before income taxes

4,773

4,577

– 4.1%

Net income (from continuing and discontinued operations)

4,531

7,336

+ 61.9%

Earnings per share (from continuing and discontinued operations) (€) 1

5.44

8.41

+ 54.6%

Core earnings per share (from continuing operations) (€) 1

6.67

6.74

+ 1.0%

Net cash provided by operating activities
(from continuing and discontinued operations)

9,089

8,134

– 10.5%

Net financial debt

11,778

3,595

– 69.5%

Capital expenditures as per segment table 2

2,627

2,418

– 8.0%

Total dividend payment

2,233

2,315

+ 3.7%

Dividend per share (€)

2.70

2.80

+ 3.7%

Research and development expenses

4,405

4,504

+ 2.2%

Ratio of R&D expenses to sales – Pharmaceuticals (%)

16.7

16.2

Bayer AG

Innovation

Ratio of R&D expenses to sales – Crop Science (%)

11.7

11.7

14,213

14,041

– 1.2%

Number of employees 3 (Dec. 31)

99,592

99,820

+ 0.2%

Personnel expenses (including pension expenses) (€ million)

9,459

9,528

+ 0.7%

31

32

Employees in research and development
Employees

Proportion of women in senior management (%)
Proportion of employees with health insurance (%)

98

98

4.8 / 13.2

4.8 / 10.4

23.0

23.4

+ 1.7%

Recordable Incident Rate (RIR) for Bayer employees

0.40

0.45

+ 12.5%

Loss of Primary Containment Incident Rate (LoPC-IR) 4

0.17

0.13

– 21.4%

26,243

25,832

– 1.6%

Energy efficiency (kWh / €1,000 external sales) 5

130

125

– 3.8%

Total greenhouse gas emissions (CO 2 equivalents in million t) 6

4.64

3.63

– 21.8%

Specific greenhouse gas emissions (kg CO 2 equivalents / €1,000 external sales)
according to the market-based method 7

48.45

46.26

– 4.5%

93

98

+ 6.0%

Fluctuation (voluntary / total) (%)
Hours of vocational and ongoing training per employee
Safety & Environmental Protection

Total energy consumption (terajoules)

Water use (million m³)

2016 figures restated
1
For definitions of the indicators see A 2.4
2
Group total 2016 including Covestro
3
Employees calculated as full-time equivalents (FTEs)
4
Number of incidents in which chemicals leak from their primary container, such as pipelines, pumps, tanks or drums, per 200,000
working hours
5
Quotient of total energy consumption and manufactured sales volume; Bayer excluding Currenta
6
Direct emissions from power plants, waste incinerators and production plants and indirect emissions from external supplies
of electricity, steam and cooling (according to the market-based method); portfolio-adjusted in accordance with the GHG Protocol
7
Bayer excluding Currenta

Chairman’s Letter

People should know
what Bayer stands for

I am pleased to present to you Bayer’s new annual report. It reflects an
eventful year in which our employees around the world once again showed
great commitment to drive the success of our company. On behalf of the
Board of Management – and on your behalf as well I’m sure – I would like
to sincerely thank all our employees for their dedication.
The trust you have in our employees, in the members of the Supervisory
Board and Board of Management, and in me personally strengthens us in
our daily work. I would like to sincerely thank you and I am pleased that
we are once again able to let you participate in Bayer’s success. We are
therefore proposing to the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting an increase in
the dividend to €2.80 per share.
2017 was a year of ups and downs. We saw many advances, but also
experienced setbacks. We received new approvals, formed new collaborations and celebrated encouraging successes. But we also had to deal
with unexpectedly high inventories in our Crop Science Division in Brazil
and with the weak business development of our Consumer Health Division, which meant we had to adjust our guidance during the year. Overall,
sales and earnings in 2017 remained only on a par with 2016.

2

Chairman’s Letter

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

Our share price reflected this development. Over the course of 2017, Bayer
stock delivered just over seven percent, which was less than the DAX and the
Euro STOXX 50. The ongoing regulatory process for the planned Monsanto
acquisition certainly played a role here. We are very confident that we will
receive final antitrust approval in the second quarter of 2018.
In 2017, we also benefited from the long-term realignment of our company
across the rest of the portfolio. Since the IPO of Covestro in October 2015,
we have been aiming to sell our shares step by step and to achieve full separation from Covestro in the medium term. Last year, Bayer AG reduced its
direct interest in Covestro from 64.2 percent to 24.6 percent, generating cash
inflows of around €4.7 billion thanks to Covestro’s good share price performance. Bayer’s strategic foresight has proved successful and we also have
had a lucky hand.
It is with the same long-term perspective that we are pursuing the Monsanto
acquisition. We are deeply convinced that both companies together can
create significant additional value for our customers and shareholders, as well
as for the society in which we live and whose acceptance we need. Providing
food in high quality, sufficient quantity and at affordable prices is crucial to
human coexistence. And we want to contribute to that.
In 2017, we made important progress in obtaining antitrust approval for the
planned acquisition. Of particular importance was the agreement with BASF
in October regarding large parts of our seeds business and the Liberty™ /
LibertyLink™ herbicide platform. These are excellent businesses that have
been built up by our employees over the years. We regret having to divest
these businesses, but we are convinced that in BASF we have found a longterm strategic purchaser and an employer with a first-class reputation.
Bayer reached another long-term decision in November by in-licensing
two development candidates from biotechnology company Loxo Oncology.
Both these candidates complement our existing oncology portfolio. Moreover,
it shows that we are keeping our word because we have always emphasized
that we will continue to invest in our other businesses regardless of the
acquisition of Monsanto.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Chairman’s Letter
Augmented Version

Covestro, Monsanto and Loxo are prime examples of how Bayer has demonstrated its strategic foresight in 2017. Clear focus and long-term perspective
– that’s the way we run our company. We have aligned our business activities
to the main societal challenges in the fields of health and nutrition, and we are
convinced that we are able to provide substantial and sustainable solutions,
based on the highest standards and our responsibility to humankind and
the environment. This aspiration is conveyed by Bayer’s corporate purpose:
“Science for a better life.”
It is an aspiration that brings us together across borders and business activities. But what are the main societal challenges? And what could the solutions
to these look like?
For example, we are aware that human life expectancy is increasing with
every generation. But the older we get, the more susceptible we become to
illness. It is of enormous social importance that we address this development
with better preventive medicine and treatments. Shaping demographic
change through research and innovation in order to enable people to have
longer, healthier lives is one of the greatest challenges of our time.
Our Pharmaceuticals Division has dedicated itself to this task and also made
progress in 2017. In February, a Phase III clinical trial involving rivaroxaban,
the active ingredient in Xarelto™, in combination with Aspirin™ was ended
ahead of schedule due to its outstanding efficacy. This combination can substantially reduce the risk of serious diseases such as heart attack or stroke.
Operationally, sales of Pharmaceuticals increased by a currency- and port­
folio-adjusted 4.3 percent in 2017. Clean EBITDA rose by 8.8 percent.
This performance was driven by another significant increase in sales of our
key growth products Xarelto™, Eylea™, Xofigo™, Stivarga™ and Adempas™,
which advanced by over 16 percent to more than €6 billion. This is a very
encouraging development.
We are also addressing long-term developments with our Consumer Health
Division for nonprescription medicines. There is a trend toward self-care,
which is being further strengthened by individualization and digitalization.

3

4

Chairman’s Letter

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

People are becoming more aware of the importance of exercise and preventive medicine, and are realizing that they need to do something for their own
health. After all, no-one knows us as well as we know ourselves. That’s why
we need a customized plan to protect our health – for example, against exposure to the sun or allergies.
Our business is well positioned to address this trend. However, 2017 was
still a difficult year operationally. Competition in the United States in particular has had an impact on our business, as has a regulatory decision taken in
China. Overall, Consumer Health figures in 2017 were below the prior-year
level and also below our expectations. Sales declined by a currency- and
portfolio-adjusted 1.7 percent, while clean EBITDA decreased significantly
by 12.8 percent.
In agriculture, global challenges are raising particularly pressing questions.
How will we feed a continuously growing global population? How will we
ensure food security in light of climate change? And how will we facilitate farming practices that use finite resources in a sustainable and efficient way? All of
these questions are part of a challenge for humankind that farmers around the
world will have to tackle in the years ahead. As a partner to farmers – both
large companies as well as smallholders – Bayer wants to contribute to the
solution for this challenge.
Business development in our Crop Science Division in 2017 was shaped
by the difficult situation in Brazil, where several factors led to unexpectedly
high inventories of crop protection products. This meant that we had to
establish provisions and adjust our full-year business guidance in the second
quarter. We immediately initiated a number of measures to normalize the
situation and can already see these measures taking effect. Overall, Crop
Science sales in 2017 declined by a currency- and portfolio-adjusted
2.2 percent. Excluding figures for Brazil, however, business was above the
prior-year level. Clean EBITDA at Crop Science declined by 15.6 percent in
2017. Our Animal Health business delivered a positive performance, with
growth of 2.0 percent in currency- and portfolio-adjusted sales and 9.2 percent in clean EBITDA.

Chairman’s Letter

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

Clear focus and
long-term perspective –
that’s the way we
run our company.

Bayer CEO Werner Baumann

5

6

Chairman’s Letter

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

Having a long-term perspective also means continuously investing in the
future. Our company has kept investment at a high level, spending €4.5 billion on research and development in 2017. We are also investing in our sites.
Capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment amounted to €2.1 billion in 2017 and a similar level of investment is also planned for this year.
Moreover, with “Leaps by Bayer,” we are working on promising, pioneering
technologies. For example, in 2017, we set up a joint venture to improve
microbes so that they can provide crop plants with nitrogen via their roots,
potentially making nitrogen fertilizer no longer necessary one day. This would
reduce both soil pollution in fields and greenhouse gas emissions and would
be a milestone for greater sustainability in agriculture.
We are investing in our future. This also applies to us as an employer. Last
year, we went some way to ensure that Bayer remains a company where
people all over the world enjoy working. We promote a culture of trust and
mutual respect and offer our employees a variety of development opportu­
nities. In 2017, Bayer once again received numerous awards as a top
employer around the world, including in Germany, China and Brazil. In Germany, we had a record number of applicants for our vocational training
places and, according to a survey of German school students, we are by far
the most popular company in the chemical and pharmaceutical industry.
We are proud of that.
We want people to know what Bayer stands for. This is especially important
now, given the particular focus on the Monsanto acquisition. In our view, the
current debate is often based on an emotional appeal to people’s fears rather
than on communicating facts. This is an approach we reject, especially when
it is applied as a business model and thus used to gain an advantage.
Our business model is different. We invent and create new and better products that meet people’s needs. These products must undergo meticulous
testing and can only be approved if they have a positive benefit-risk assessment. To achieve this, we work to the highest standards in research, development and production, for the benefit of customers and patients and to ensure
the sustainability of our activities.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Chairman’s Letter
Augmented Version

Our endeavor to find new solutions leads to innovations and social progress.
But the road we travel to get there often looks more like a steep path with
lots of bends and obstacles than a wide street that allows unhindered passage. Research and progress go hand in hand with uncertainty and depend
on effort and perseverance. Yet this steep path is the only way to achieve
progress as a society. This is something that I strongly believe. And following
this path is Bayer’s core competency.
As a global company, we have a responsibility that we accept and that we
are living up to through our commitment to the U.N. Global Compact and
our pursuit of clearly defined values. These include safety as our top priority.
We minimize health and environmental risks along the entire value chain.
We communicate to our customers how to use our products safely. We
stand for a culture of fair treatment and fair competition. We strictly comply
with the law and operate in accordance with the highest ethical standards.
We want to be measured against these values by others, including you, dear
stockholders. I would like to thank you for the trust you have placed in Bayer.
We will do everything we can to live up to this trust in 2018 as well.
Sincerely,

Werner Baumann
Chairman of the Board of Management of Bayer AG

7

8

Magazine

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

Magazine

Magazine

9

Augmented Version

Magazine

Bayer Annual Report 2017

The market in Varanasi, in
the Indian state of Uttar
Pradesh. This is where the
chili peppers grown by
local farmers are sold.

Gaining time
A cancer diagnosis often comes
from out of nowhere. And it’s a
life-altering experience. Researchers around the world are working
on finding more targeted ways
to fight different types of cancer.
Prostate cancer, the second most
common form of cancer among
men, is just one of them.

10

Page

Extra protection
Our skin is exposed to heat and
cold. It can also be harmed by
microorganisms. That’s why our
largest organ needs special care.

14

Page

18

Page

Two worlds
Two farmers, two worlds. Pappu Singh grows chili
peppers in India for the local market. He’s happy to be
able to feed his family. Aaron Gingerich produces corn in
the Midwestern United States. He faces global competition and has to run his farm as efficiently as possible.

10

Magazine

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

PHARMACEUTICALS

Gaining

time

A cancer diagnosis often comes from out of nowhere. And it is a
life-altering experience. Researchers around the world are working on ways to fight cancer in a more targeted way. As part of
these efforts, Bayer’s scientists have developed a substance
that works through alpha radiation to treat patients with prostate
cancer, the second most common form of this disease in men
worldwide. Siegfried Stark has benefited from this approach.
Many things become more valuable as time
goes by. Siegfried Stark’s green racing bike is
one of those things. It’s a real collector’s item.
The retired bricklayer used to ride 3,000 kilometers a year on it, over hill and dale. It’s just
one of ten bicycles stored in the cellar of his
home in Gieboldehausen near Göttingen, Germany. But the most precious thing – at least for
him – is that he associates many memories
with his bicycle.
Today the 77-year-old is very happy that he can
ride his bike again. That’s because three-and-ahalf years ago, he was diagnosed with prostate
cancer. The majority of newly diagnosed cases
of prostate cancer are diagnosed in men aged
above 70. In the case of Stark, the cancer had
already spread, or metastasized, to his pelvic
bones. “I was shocked when I got the diagnosis. I couldn’t believe it. I’ve always tried to lead
a healthy life,” says Stark. He underwent a routine cancer checkup every year after he turned
50. “When the diagnosis came, I had so many
thoughts going through my head. All of a sud-

den death was a possibility. That wasn’t easy
for me and my family.” Especially considering it
wasn’t the first time that Stark had had to deal
with the issue of cancer: His daughter Manuela
was diagnosed with lymphoma back when she
was at school – and then with breast cancer
in her mid-30s. She underwent chemotherapy
and an operation. Today, the 48-year-old administrative specialist lives with her husband
and two children not far from her parents. “My
daughter survived cancer twice. That gave me
hope,” says Stark.
A father of three and a grandfather of two, Stark
initially received hormone suppression therapy in
order to suppress the growth of the cancer. After
that, the retiree underwent six cycles of chemotherapy, but tolerated it poorly. “I suffered from
side effects and severe pain,” he recalls. His PSA
level, which plays a role in cancer diagnosis
and monitoring, initially declined before climbing
again after his final round of chemotherapy. For
the active family man, who had worked physically hard all his life, the illness resulted in constant

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Magazine
Augmented Version

11

12

Magazine

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

Staying active despite having cancer: Our
video at www.bayer.com/ar-prostatecancer
shows how Siegfried Stark lives a fulfilling life
despite his illness.

The retired bricklayer does what
he can to keep his house in good
condition, such as painting the
window frames. The garden provides
all the fruit and vegetables that
Siegfried Stark and his wife need.

ups and downs – until he was treated at Göttingen
University Hospital with a therapy that uses alpha
radiation to fight bone metastases while minimizing
damage to the surrounding tissue.
The alpha radiation emitted by radium-223 leads to
double-stranded DNA breaks which the cancer cells
cannot repair, eventually leading to cell death. In
Stark’s case, additional nuclear medicine imaging
techniques known as bone scans revealed that
the known bone metastases had regressed and no
new metastases had formed.
“The chemical structure of radium is similar to that
of calcium, so it accumulates in the body wher­ever
bone metabolism is particularly active – for example
in bone areas where there is uncontrolled growth of
cancer cells, as is the case with bone metastases,”
explains Scott Fields, head of Oncology Development
at the Pharmaceuticals Division. This approach has
been proven to be ­e ffective in advanced prostate
cancer, which often metastasizes to the bones. On
the basis of the clinical results from a major Phase III
trial with more than 900 patients, the compound has

been approved in more than 50 countries worldwide.
Bayer scientists are now working on utilizing this
technology to treat other types of cancer. For this they
are investigating thorium-227 in initial clinical studies.
Thorium-227 also works by emitting alpha particles
that damage the DNA of cancer cells and which the
cells cannot repair. In order to selectively reach different types of tumors, the thorium is attached to a car­
rier molecule, for example a cancer-specific antibody,
which in turn binds to cancer cells. “This could enable
us to fight other types of cancer as well, so we are
going to study this approach in several different tumor
types,” says Fields.
Siegfried Stark from Gieboldehausen was able to fight
back against his cancer, which stopped progressing
after being treated with the targeted alpha therapy
– and now he can still enjoy growing fruit and vege­
tables in the garden with his wife Marlies and keeping
their house in good condition. He also continues to
spend as much time as possible with his children and
grandchildren, and of course with his green racing
bike. “It would be nice if I could stay active for another
few years,” Stark says.

Magazine

Bayer Annual Report 2017

13

Augmented Version

It would be nice
if I could stay active
for another few years.
Siegfried Stark

Siegfried Stark spends as
much time as he can with his
family. Here he is pictured
with his granddaughter
Vanessa (photo left) and his
wife Marlies (photo below)
in the garden.

Cancer patient Stark
cycling with his grandson
Adrian (photo right)
and having lunch with
his daughter Manuela
(photo above).

14

Magazine
Augmented Version

Magazine

Bayer Annual Report 2017

15

Augmented Version

CONSUMER HEALTH

Extra

protection
Our skin is exposed to heat and cold. It can also be
harmed by microorganisms. That’s why our largest
­o rgan needs special care. We help protect and heal the
skin of all members of the family. Giorgia Pucci from
I­taly knows how important that is.
Giorgia Pucci sees her skin as an asset. She is a
dancer, model and actress – and she also became a mother two years ago. She is often in the
limelight, both in front of the camera and on stage.
Few people can say they have fulfilled their
childhood dream. Giorgia is one of them. She
always wanted to be a ballet dancer and was
allowed to take ballet lessons in her home town
of Umbertide in Italy from the age of four. Later,
she studied economics and then sports science
before setting up a gym with two friends. She
entered show business more or less by chance:
She was given a small part in an Italian television
production when she accompanied her sister
Carla to a TV casting session in Rome.
Discipline and rigorous training have been key
features throughout Giorgia’s life, from childhood
to motherhood. “I’ve never canceled a perfor-

mance,” she says. “Reliability is essential in our
profession.” Three years ago, she was doing
her normal 40-minute workout on a treadmill in
Germany, which is her second home. However,
after a relaxing sauna she suddenly felt dizzy
and lightheaded. She then fell and was left with
a nasty-looking wound above her eyebrow.
As a model, that was a big problem for her. She
was booked to make a video for a luxury hotel
in Düsseldorf five days later. “The team had
come over from London specially to make the
video so I had to turn up.” She therefore turned
to a product her family had had good experience with in the past: Bepanthen™. “I applied
the ointment several times a day and after a
few days it was much better. Shortly afterwards
I was able to wear normal make-up so I was
able to keep the appointment to make the video
as if nothing had happened.”

16

Magazine

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

That was partly thanks to dexpanthenol, the
active ingredient in Bepanthen™ ointment. It
stimulates regeneration of the skin and supports healing of superficial wounds. “It also
forms a breathable protective film over the
wound. That prevents it from drying out and
keeps it moist, which helps the healing process,” explains Mandie Smart, Global Brand
Director for the Bepanthen™ product family.

able to draw on her aunt’s experience. “Like all
babies, Guendalina wore diapers constantly
in her first year, and that can easily cause redness. I was able to prevent that,” she says.

Giorgia knew how effective dexpanthenol is
because her aunt Claudia had used Bepan­
thenol™ skincare products to protect the sensitive bottom of her baby daughter Anna Giulia.
When Giorgia’s daughter Guendalina was born
in Perugia two-and-a-half years ago, she was

For the Puccis, good food plays a key role
in family life. Our photo shows Giorgia with
her sister Carla.

The continuous development of Bepanthen™
plays a big part in this. First developed 70
years ago, it immediately won over physicians,
especially in Germany and Switzerland. Since
then, the product family has undergone constant development around the world. Smart
says: “We always f­ocus on consumers’ needs.
We help their skin regenerate – just as nature
intended.” Giorgia and her entire family have
relied on that for many years: “It’s reassuring
to know there’s ­a lways a remedy that helps.”

Giorgia Pucci is a dancer, model
and actress – but first and foremost
a mother. Watch our video at
www.bayer.com/ar-skin to see how
she protects her skin.

Bepanthen™ was launched in Switzerland in
1944 and subsequently rolled out to other
­European countries and around the world.
Scientists and physicians alike were convinced by how effective the active ingredient
dexpanthenol – a more stable version of the
pro-vitamin B5 – is at healing wounds. Today,
the Bepanthen™ family is one of Bayer’s
most successful Consumer Health brands.
Consumers’ needs have always been the
central focus in the ongoing development of
this wound healing ointment. Milestones
include:
/// the development of an antiseptic cream
and spray, a nose spray and a foam to treat
sunburn
/// products to treat and protect the skin of
babies and pregnant women
/// a scar treatment providing a unique formulation and massage device
/// Bepanthol™ care products for the whole
family, ranging from face cream and lip balm
to washing lotion

Magazine

Bayer Annual Report 2017

17

Augmented Version

Giorgia started
learning ballet at
the “Centro Studi
Danza” dance
­studio in Umbertide
when she was just
four years old.
Our ­photo on the
right shows the
model taking part
in a photo shoot.

Giorgia at home with her daughter Guendalina
(photo above) and at the gym (photo left).
She works out whenever she can.

A nutrient for the skin
1.5 to 2 square meters of skin protect us
from heat, cold and microorganisms.
Wounds interfere with the skin’s protective mechanism.

3

2 Pantothenic acid supports the regeneration of the cells in the epidermis and
­connective tissue and their migration to the
damaged tissue.

1
Epidermis

Dermis

Hypodermis

1 Dexpanthenol helps wounds heal
faster. The active ingredient in Bepanthen™
wound healing ointment is converted into
pantothenic acid (vitamin B5) in the skin.

3 The regenerated protective barrier

  2

­protects the surface of the skin from drying
out and the inner layers from damage,
pathogens, UV radiation and allergens.

18

Magazine

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

CROP SCIENCE

Two

worlds
Two farmers, two worlds. Pappu Singh grows chili peppers
in India for the local market. He’s happy to be able to feed
his family and give his two daughters an education. Aaron
Gingerich produces corn in the Midwestern United States. He
faces global competition and has to run his farm as efficiently
as possible. Bayer helps both farmers achieve their goals.
Aaron Gingerich gets really enthusiastic when
he talks about digital farming. “We can’t control
the weather – but we can control how we respond to it.” He’s sitting in the office of his farm
in Lovington, Illinois, in the United States and
runs his finger over the screen. The colors show
various strips of a corn field where he’s growing
different varieties. “Even before the harvest, we
know which variety grows best where and on
what soil,” says the 33-year-old, who is also a
father. He can then apply the findings to the
around 2,000 hectares of land he farms. “We
experiment with different seed, pesticides and
fertilizers,” he says. The data is available digitally – on the computer in the office, in mobile
form on the tablet PC or smartphone, and in the
control units of the huge agricultural machines.

“Our field sprayers can then apply pesticide
precisely and in the right dosage. That cuts
costs and benefits the environment.”
Aaron Gingerich, who runs the farm with his
f­ather Dannie and his father’s cousin Darrel,
has long been exploring the ideal combination
of seeds, pesticides and fertilizers on different
soils. He works with the passion and meticulousness of a researcher and also cooperates
with scientists from the University of Illinois.
After all, his goal is for the farm to produce
corn as efficiently and sustainably as possible.
“Whereas the farm’s founders thought mainly
in local terms, we now face global competition,”
says Aaron’s father Dannie. It’s no longer
enough to keep an eye on cultivation methods

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Magazine
Augmented Version

19

20

Magazine

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

Aaron Gingerich plays on the farm with
his children Kylie, Tyler and Spencer
(photo top left). During the harvest, the
family eat their food while out on the
field. Charity Gingerich serves the dinner
(photo left).

Aaron Gingerich is a passionate farmer. He analyzes his
farm data and manages production from his office (photo
right). His goal is to make his
farm as efficient as possible.

Magazine

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

We can’t control the
weather – but we
can control how we
respond to it.
Aaron Gingerich

in the United States alone, he adds. “Farms
in Brazil or Europe, for example, likewise produce large quantities of high-quality cereals.
That impacts world market prices and thus our
profit. That’s why we have to keep on improving,” says Aaron.
Around 12,000 kilometers away as the crow
flies, Pappu Singh lives in a completely different world. Global trade? It exists in India too,
of course, but it has no influence on how the
farmer in Uttar Pradesh works. Pappu Singh
grows green chili peppers, an ingredient
everyone in the region uses in cooking, on his
almost two-hectare farm. He sells them to a
middleman for the market in neighboring Varanasi. The family experienced economic hardship two years ago. “We had little money for
food and clothing,” says the 53-year-old farmer
from Mediya. He is angry at the system under
which small-scale chili growers in the region
suffer. “We can’t understand how prices are
arrived at, and unfortunately we don’t always
get the new and modern crop protection products that do a good job,” he adds.
Smallholder farmers like Pappu Singh – unlike
Aaron Gingerich in Illinois – lack knowledge
of efficient seeds, innovative pesticides and

Corn growers in the United
States face global competition.
Watch our video to find out
more: www.bayer.com/ar-corn

Indian farmer Pappu Singh (right) talking to
Harmanpreet Singh from Bayer in India.

21

22

Magazine

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

Middleman Rakesh Patel
(on the left in the photo)
sells Pappu Singh’s
­harvest on the market
in Varanasi. After the
­harvest, picker Surekha
Devi gets the sack full of
chili peppers ready for
transport (photo below).
Maio con parum
etur remquid quia
nonsequ iatempore ex cepudit, velibus et plabo.

I’m very grateful to
Bayer for the support.
Now I know how to
treat my plants properly,
and I write everything
down.
Pappu Singh

fertilizers, sustainable cultivation methods, and
access to the market and microloans. That
can have very serious consequences. It is not
uncommon for the livelihoods of farmers and
their families to be left hanging by a thread if
their harvest is poor or is completely destroyed
by bad weather. Bayer has stepped up its support for these very people, teaming up with
partners in smallholder farming initiatives.
There are around 500 million smallholder farmers worldwide – and they play a key role in
guaranteeing food security for a growing global
population. They produce around 80 percent of
food in developing countries.

Pappu Singh is sitting in front of his house, with
his dairy cows in sight, and is going through a
small blue book together with Anand Pratap
Shahi, the local representative from Bayer’s
Crop Science Division. He’s noted in it when he
planted which seed, which diseases and pests
he has encountered, and how he treated the
chili plants. Before, he had no idea about keeping accounts of income and expenses – or
planning from cultivation to harvesting. “I’m
very grateful to Bayer for the support,” he says.
“Our plants often used to suffer from fungal and
viral diseases and only produced a small harvest or none at all. Now I know how to protect

Magazine

Bayer Annual Report 2017

23

Augmented Version

and treat my plants properly, and I write everything down.”
Through Bayer and its partners, he learned
about the latest technology in crop protection
and seeds, nutrient management and drip irrigation, and became familiar with good agricultural practices. As a result, he’s been able to
more than double his yield compared with the
previous year and obtain fair prices for his produce after Bayer introduced him to new food
retailers. That success gives Pappu Singh
cause to look to the future with optimism. He
can pay for an education for his two daughters,
Ritika and Anshika. His eldest daughter would

like to study medicine. He also has big plans
for his modest farm. “I’d like to buy two
hectares of extra land to give more people
from my village work.”
Back to Illinois, where Aaron Gingerich has
since brought in a good harvest. Like Pappu
Singh, he’s pleased to make use of Bayer’s
advice. “Our support is in demand, in particular
when it comes to containing weeds,” says Terry
Sorgenfrey from the Crop Science Division.
Bayer’s experts are part of the network that
Aaron Gingerich has built over the years. “We
always have questions,” says Aaron. “Bayer
supplies answers we can rely on.”

What are the challenges that chili
growers face in India? Our video at
www.bayer.com/ar-chili shows how
Bayer supports smallholder farmers.

Aaron Gingerich works on his farm in the
Midwestern United States with the meticulousness of a scientist. He continuously
tries out new, innovative technologies and
trusts the advice of Bayer expert Terry
Sorgenfrey.

Sunita and
Manharan Singh,
Pappu Singh’s
aunt and uncle,
look after a dairy
cow on the farm.

24

Contents

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

Contents

A

To our Stockholders

Chairman’s
Letter

1

Magazine

8

Board of
Management

28

Report of the
Supervisory
Board

30

Combined
Management
Report

1. Fundamental Information

About the Group 

C orporate Profile and Structure 
1.1.1
Corporate Profile 
1.1.2
Corporate Structure 
1.1.3
Value Creation 
1.2
Strategy and Management 
1.2.1
Group Strategy and Targets 
1.2.2 Management Systems 
1.2.3 Sustainability Management 
1.3
Focus on Innovation 
1.4
Sustainable Conduct 
1.4.1	Commitment to Employees and Society 
1.4.1.1	Employees 
1.4.1.2	Global Respect for Human Rights 
1.4.1.3 Societal Engagement 
1.4.2 Responsibility in Value Creation 
1.4.2.1 Procurement and Supplier Management 
1.4.2.2 Production and Logistics 
1.4.2.3 Marketing and Distribution 
1.4.3
Safety for People and the Environment 
1.4.3.1 Product Stewardship 
1.4.3.2 Safety 
1.4.3.3 Environmental Protection 
1.4.4	Nonfinancial and Other Disclosures
by Bayer AG 
1.1

Investor
Information

36

About this
Report

40

43
43
43
46
49
50
50
56
56
62
79
79
79
89
90
93
93
99
102
104
106
116
120
128

Contents

Bayer Annual Report 2017

25

Augmented Version

2. Report on Economic Position 

4. Corporate Governance Report 

2.1

4.1	Declaration by Corporate Management

130
Overview of Business Performance 
130
2.1.1
Target Attainment 2017 
130
2.1.2
Economic Position of the Bayer Group 
130
2.1.3
Key Events 
131
2.1.4	Economic Environment 
131
2.2	Earnings; Asset and Financial Position
of the Bayer Group 
132
2.2.1 Earnings Performance of the Bayer Group 132
2.2.2 Business Development by Segment 
138
2.2.3 Value-Based Performance 
150
2.2.4 	Asset and Financial Position
of the Bayer Group 
151
2.3	Earnings; Asset and Financial Position
of Bayer AG 
155
2.3.1 Earnings Performance of Bayer AG 
156
2.3.2 Asset and Financial Position
of Bayer AG 
158
2.4
Alternative Performance Measures
Used by the Bayer Group 
160

3. R eport on Future Perspectives

and on Opportunities and Risks 

Future Perspectives 
3.1.1
Economic Outlook 
3.1.2
Corporate Outlook 
3.2
Opportunity and Risk Report 
3.2.1 Group-wide Opportunity and
Risk Management System 
3.2.2 Opportunity and Risk Status 
3.2.3 Opportunities and Risks Related to the
Planned Acquisition of Monsanto 
3.2.4	Overall Assessment of
Opportunities and Risks by the
Board of Management 
3.1

164
164
164
165
167
167
172
179

181

182

pursuant to Section 289f and Section 315d
of the German Commercial Code 
182
4.2
Compliance 
187
4.3 	Disclosures pursuant to Sections 289b
through e and 315b and c of the German
Commercial Code (HGB) 
190
4.4
Compensation Report 
191
4.4.1
Compensation of the
Board of Management 
191
4.4.2	Disclosures Pursuant to the
Recommendations of the German
Corporate Governance Code 
199
4.4.3 Compensation of the
Supervisory Board 
202
4.4.4 Further Information 
204
4.5
Takeover-Relevant Information 
204
4.6
CSR Directive Implementation Act:
Index to Nonfinancial Statement 
207

26

Contents

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

Contents

B

Consolidated
Financial
Statements

Bayer Group Consolidated Income Statements  208
Bayer Group Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Income 
209
Bayer Group Consolidated Statements
of Financial Position 
210
Bayer Group Consolidated Statements
of Changes in Equity 
211
Bayer Group Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows 
212
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements of the Bayer Group 
1.
Key data by segment 
2.
General information 
3.
Effects of new financial reporting
standards 
4.
Basic principles, methods and
critical accounting estimates 
5.
Segment reporting 
6.
Scope of consolidation;
subsidiaries and affiliates 
6.1
Changes in the scope of consolidation 
6.2
Business combinations and
other acquisitions 
6.3
Divestments, material sale transactions
and discontinued operations 

213
213
215
215
220
234
237
237
238
240

Notes to the Income Statements 
7.
Net sales 
8.
Selling expenses 
9.
Research and development expenses 
10.
Other operating income 
11.
Other operating expenses 
12.
Personnel expenses and
employee numbers 
13.
Financial result 
13.1
Income (loss) from investments
in affiliated companies 
13.2
Net interest expense 
13.3
Other financial income and expenses 
14.
Taxes 
15.
Income / losses attributable
to noncontrolling interest 
16.
Earnings per share 
Notes to the Statements
of Financial Position 
17.
Goodwill and other intangible assets 
18.
Property, plant and equipment 
19.
Investments accounted for using
the equity method 
20.
Other financial assets 
21.
Inventories 
22.
Trade accounts receivable 
23.
Other receivables 
24. 	Equity 
25.	Provisions for pensions and
other post-employment benefits 
26.
Other provisions 
27.
Financial liabilities 

244
244
244
244
245
246
247
247
248
248
249
249
252
252

254
254
257
259
262
263
263
265
265
269
278
281

Contents

Bayer Annual Report 2017

27

Augmented Version

28.
29.
30.
30.1
30.2
30.3
31.

32.

Trade accounts payable 
Other liabilities 
Financial instruments 
Financial instruments by category 
Maturity analysis 
Information on derivatives 
Contingent liabilities and
other financial commitments 
Legal risks 

Notes to the Statements
of Cash Flows 
33.
Net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities 
34.
Net cash provided by (used in)
investing activities 
35. 	Net cash provided by (used in)
financing activities 

284
284
285
285
291
292
295
296

301
301
301
302

Other Information 
36.
Audit fees 
37.
Related parties 
38.	Total compensation of the Board of
Management and the Supervisory Board,
advances and loans 
39.
Events after the end of the
reporting period 

303
303
303

Responsibility Statement 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Independent Auditor’s Report on
a Limited Assurance Engagement
on Sustainability Information 

307
308

305
306

316

C

Further
Information

Governance Bodies 
Organization Chart 
G4 Content Index of the Global Reporting
Initiative (GRI) with the 10 Principles of the
U.N. Global Compact 
Glossary 
Five-Year Summary 
Financial Calendar and Masthead

319
322

324
338
340

28

To our Stockholders

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Board of Management
Augmented Version

Board of
Management

Erica Mann ¹

Dieter Weinand

Werner Baumann

Consumer Health

Pharmaceuticals

Chairman

Finance

Erica Mann holds a degree in analyti­
cal chemistry and a marketing diplo­
ma from her studies in Johannesburg,
South Africa. She began her career
with Eli Lilly & Company and held po­
sitions at Johnson & Johnson, Lederle
Laboratories and Wyeth before
moving into senior management at
Pfizer in the United States. She be­
came head of Consumer Care at
Bayer HealthCare in 2011. She was
appointed to the Bayer Board of Man­
agement and head of the Consumer
Health Division in January 2016.

Dieter Weinand studied pharma­
cology, toxicology and biology in
New York. After holding positions at
various companies in the pharmaceu­
tical industry, including Pfizer and
Bristol-Myers Squibb, he was Presi­
dent Global Commercialization &
Portfolio Management at Otsuka
Pharmaceutical Development & Com­
mercialization, Inc. in Princeton. In
2014, Weinand became head of the
Pharmaceuticals Division at Bayer.
He was appointed to the Bayer Board
of Management in January 2016.

Werner Baumann studied econom­
ics in Aachen and Cologne, joining
Bayer AG in 1988. After holding po­
sitions of increasing responsibility
in Spain and the United States, he
became a member of the Board of
Management of Bayer HealthCare.
He was appointed to the Bayer
Board of Management in 2010, first
as Chief Financial Officer and then
as Chief Strategy and Portfolio Offi­
cer. Baumann has been Chairman
of the Bayer Board of Management
since May 2016.

Johannes Dietsch completed his
training with Bayer as a commer­
cial assistant and business ad­
ministrator in 1984. He subse­
quently held various managerial
positions within the company,
including one in Japan. In 2002,
Dietsch took over as head of the
Finance Department in the Corpo­
rate ­Center. He became Senior
Bayer Representative and CFO of
Bayer in China in 2011. He was
appointed to the Bayer Board of
Management in September 2014.

Johannes Dietsch ²

¹ Erica Mann will be leaving the company effective March 31, 2018, after which Heiko Schipper will become head of the Consumer Health Division.
² Johannes Dietsch will be leaving the company effective May 31, 2018. Wolfgang Nickl will become the new Chief Financial Officer from June 1, 2018.

To our Stockholders

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Board of Management
Augmented Version

Liam Condon

Kemal Malik

Dr. Hartmut Klusik ³

Crop Science

Innovation

Liam Condon studied international
marketing in Dublin and Berlin.
He held various positions of increas­
ing responsibility with the former
Schering AG, Berlin, Germany, and
with Bayer HealthCare in Europe and
Asia, including Managing Director of
Bayer HealthCare China and head of
Bayer HealthCare in Germany. Con­
don became Chief Executive Officer
of Bayer CropScience in 2012. He
was appointed to the Bayer Board of
Management and head of the Crop
Science Division in January 2016.

Kemal Malik studied medicine
and worked in a London hos­
pital. After holding different
positions of increasing re­
sponsibility at Bristol-Myers
Squibb, he joined Bayer in
1995. In 2007, Malik became
a member of the Executive
Committee, head of Global
Development and Chief Medi­
cal Officer of Bayer Health­
Care. He was appointed to the
Bayer Board of Management
in February 2014.

Human Resources · Technology
Sustainability
Hartmut Klusik studied chemistry in
­Marburg. After gaining a Ph.D., he began
his professional career at Wolff Walsrode
in 1984. He transferred to crop protection
production at Bayer in Brazil in 1990. Fol­
lowing assignments in the United States
and Australia and after holding positions of in­creasing responsibility at Bayer
CropScience, he was appointed to the
Board of Management of Bayer Health­
Care, with responsibility for Product Sup­
ply. He was appointed to the Bayer Board
of Management in January 2016.
³ Labor Director

29

30

To our Stockholders

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Report of the Supervisory Board
Augmented Version

Report of the Supervisory Board

During 2017, the Supervisory Board monitored the conduct of the company’s business by the
Board of Management on a regular basis with the aid of detailed written and oral reports received
from the Board of Management, and also acted in an advisory capacity. In addition, the Chairman
of the Supervisory Board maintained a constant exchange of information with the Chairman of the
Board of Management and with the other Management Board members. In this way the Supervisory Board was kept continuously informed about the company’s intended business strategy,
corporate planning (including financial, investment and human resources planning), earnings performance, the state of the business and the situation in the company and the Group.
Where Board of Management decisions or actions required the approval of the Supervisory Board,
whether by law or under the Articles of Incorporation or the rules of procedure, the draft resolutions were inspected by the members at the meetings of the full Supervisory Board, sometimes
after preparatory work by the committees, or approved on the basis of documents circulated to
the members. The Supervisory Board was involved in decisions of material importance to the
company. We discussed at length the business trends described in the reports from the Board of
Management and the prospects for the development of the Bayer Group as a whole, the divisions
and the principal affiliated companies in Germany and abroad.

Changes on the Supervisory Board
The terms of office of the Supervisory Board members Werner Wenning, Dr. Paul Achleitner,
Dr. Clemens Börsig, Thomas Ebeling, Sue H. Rataj and Dr. Klaus Sturany ended at the end of the
Annual Stockholders’ Meeting on April 28, 2017. The Stockholders’ Meeting re-elected Werner
Wenning, Dr. Paul Achleitner, Thomas Ebeling and Dr. Klaus Sturany as members of the Supervisory Board, in all cases until the end of the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting in 2022 except for
Dr. Klaus Sturany, whose term will run until the end of the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting in 2018.
As successors to Dr. Clemens Börsig and Sue H. Rataj, the Stockholders’ Meeting elected
Dr. Norbert W. Bischofberger and Colleen A. Goggins, likewise until the end of the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting in 2022.
Yüksel Karaaslan passed away on June 4, 2017. His seat on the Supervisory Board was taken
by the elected substitute member Detlef Rennings. Petra Kronen left the Supervisory Board
effective midnight on September 30, 2017, and was replaced by the elected substitute member
Sabine Schaab.

Work of the Supervisory Board
The full Supervisory Board met nine times during 2017 and resolved in writing on a special election
to the Human Resources Committee. No member of the Supervisory Board attended only half or
fewer than half of its meetings or those of the committees on which he / she served. The average
attendance rate by Supervisory Board members at the meetings of the full Supervisory Board and
of its committees held in 2017 was approximately 95 percent. A detailed overview of the attendance of the individual members of the Supervisory Board at the meetings of the Supervisory Board
and its committees is shown in the “Further Information” section under “Governance Bodies.”
The members of the Board of Management regularly attended the meetings of the Supervisory
Board. Where necessary, the Supervisory Board met without the Board of Management or with
only the Chairman of the Board of Management present.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

To our Stockholders
Report of the Supervisory Board
Augmented Version

Werner Wenning, Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG

The deliberations of the Supervisory Board focused on questions relating to Bayer’s strategy,
portfolio, business activities and personnel issues. A particular focus of the Supervisory Board’s
work was the Monsanto transaction, including the progress of the merger control proceedings,
which were reported on extensively at several meetings. Between the meetings of the Supervisory Board, this issue was also the subject of an extensive exchange of information between
the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and the Chairman of the Board of Management. The
discussions at the respective meetings in 2017 centered on various topics.
At its February meeting, the Supervisory Board discussed the Annual Report 2016, the agenda
for the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting 2017 and the Bayer Group’s risk management system, and
adopted resolutions on reducing the interest in Covestro and on questions relating to the compensation of the Board of Management.
At an extraordinary meeting in April, the Supervisory Board passed a resolution to extend the
appointment of the Chief Financial Officer, Johannes Dietsch, until May 31, 2018. At a further
meeting in April, the Supervisory Board examined business performance to date in 2017, the
targets for the proportion of women on the Board of Management, and the upcoming Annual
Stockholders’ Meeting. At its constitutive meeting following the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting,

31

32

To our Stockholders

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Report of the Supervisory Board
Augmented Version

the Supervisory Board held the necessary elections of the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the
Supervisory Board, and the Chairmen and members of the Supervisory Board committees.
At an extraordinary meeting in June, the Supervisory Board examined a further reduction of the
stake in Covestro and adopted a resolution on this.
At its September meeting, the Supervisory Board appointed Wolfgang Nickl to the Board of
Management effective April 26, 2018. Wolfgang Nickl will become Chief Financial Officer when
Johannes Dietsch leaves the Board of Management. Further, the Supervisory Board discussed
the development of the Brazilian Crop Science business, which had led to an ad-hoc statement
in June on an expected negative earnings impact. The Supervisory Board agreed to undertake a
further review of these occurrences, including the Board of Management’s handling of the matter.
At this meeting, the Supervisory Board also agreed to the conclusion of a control termination
agreement with Covestro to ensure its deconsolidation effective September 30, 2017, and also
decided to increase the size of the Innovation Committee to eight members.
At an extraordinary meeting in October, the Supervisory Board looked in detail at the planned
divestment of part of the Crop Science business in connection with the ongoing merger control
proceedings for the acquisition of Monsanto.
At another extraordinary meeting in November, the Supervisory Board appointed Heiko Schipper
to the Board of Management effective March 1, 2018. He will head the Consumer Health Division
when Erica Mann leaves the Board of Management. At this meeting, the Supervisory Board also
discussed the in-licensing of two development candidates from the U.S. biotech company Loxo
Oncology and the development of female managers in the Bayer Group.
At its meeting in December 2017, the Supervisory Board undertook the routine review of the
fixed compensation of the members of the Board of Management and the pension amounts of
the former members of the Board of Management. At this meeting, the Supervisory Board agreed
that Erica Mann could leave the Board of Management effective March 31, 2018. The Board of
Management furthermore presented its planning for business operations in the period 2018
through 2020 at this meeting, and reported on the financing concept for the Monsanto transaction, Monsanto’s valuation and the impact of the transaction on the company’s credit rating. The
Supervisory Board approved the proposed financing framework for 2018. In addition, on the
basis of two detailed reports to the Audit Committee and the associated discussions, the Supervisory Board held a further, final discussion on the developments at Crop Science in Brazil and
the action taken by the Board of Management. Finally, the Supervisory Board elected two further
members to the enlarged Innovation Committee and issued a new declaration on the German
Corporate Governance Code.

Committees of the Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board has a Presidial Committee, an Audit Committee, a Human Resources
Committee, a Nominations Committee and an Innovation Committee. The current membership of
the committees is shown in the “Further Information” section under “Governance Bodies.”
The meetings and decisions of the committees, and especially the meetings of the Audit
Committee, were prepared on the basis of reports and other information provided by the Board
of Management. Reports on the committee meetings were presented at the meetings of the
full Supervisory Board.
Presidial Committee: This comprises the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board

along with a further stockholder representative and a further employee representative. The Presidial Committee serves primarily as the mediation committee pursuant to the German Codetermination Act. It has the task of submitting proposals to the Supervisory Board on the appointment of
members of the Board of Management if the necessary two-thirds majority is not achieved in the
first vote at a plenary meeting. Certain decision-making powers in connection with capital

Bayer Annual Report 2017

To our Stockholders
Report of the Supervisory Board
Augmented Version

measures, including the power to amend the Articles of Incorporation accordingly, have also been
delegated to this committee. On a case-by-case basis, furthermore, the Supervisory Board can
delegate certain responsibilities to the Presidial Committee. Finally, the Presidial Committee may
also undertake preparatory work for full meetings of the Supervisory Board.
No meeting of the Presidial Committee had to be convened in 2017.
Audit Committee: The Audit Committee comprises three stockholder representatives and three

employee representatives. The Chairman of the Audit Committee in 2017, Dr. Klaus Sturany,
meets the statutory requirements concerning the expertise in the field of accounting or auditing
that a member of the Supervisory Board and the Audit Committee is required to possess. The
Audit Committee meets regularly four times a year.
Its tasks include in particular oversight of the accounting, the financial reporting process, the
effectiveness and ongoing development of the internal control system, the risk management
system, the internal audit system, the compliance system and the audit of the financial statements. The Audit Committee prepares the resolutions of the Supervisory Board concerning the
financial statements and management report of Bayer AG and the proposal for the use of the
distributable profit, the consolidated financial statements and management report of the Bayer
Group and the agreements with the auditor (particularly the awarding of the audit contract, the
determination of the main areas of focus for the audit and the audit fee agreement). The committee submits a reasoned proposal to the full Supervisory Board concerning the auditor’s appointment, and takes appropriate measures to determine and monitor the auditor’s independence.
The audit focuses particularly on whether the financial statements have been prepared in compliance with the statutory requirements and whether the financial reporting provides a true and fair
view of the financial position and results of operations of the company and the Group.
The Audit Committee discusses developments in the area of corporate compliance at each of its
meetings where necessary.
The Chairman of the Board of Management and the Chief Financial Officer regularly attended the
meetings of the Audit Committee. Representatives of the auditor were also present at all the meetings and reported in detail on the audit work and the audit reviews of the interim financial reports.
The meetings focused on a number of topics. At the February meeting, the Audit Committee
discussed the financial statements of Bayer AG and the consolidated financial statements of the
Bayer Group. It also carefully considered the risk report, which covers the risk early warning
system, the report on the internal control system (ICS) and ongoing developments, especially the
integrated risk management system. Further, the Audit Committee examined the development of
legal and compliance cases. Finally, the Audit Committee made a recommendation to the full
Supervisory Board concerning the resolution to be submitted to the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting on the appointment of the auditor of the financial statements. The April meeting mainly dealt
with the yearly report of the Group Compliance Officer, a report on a compliance project in China,
the yearly report of the Internal Audit department and the determination of the main areas of
focus for the audit of the 2017 financial statements.
The July meeting looked at the interim financial report and, in particular, the development of
business at Crop Science in Brazil. Other topics discussed by the Audit Committee were information security, CSR reporting and the status of the ongoing random sampling of the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2016, and the combined management report for the
2016 fiscal year by the German Financial Reporting Enforcement Panel, which was ultimately
completed without identifying any faulty reporting. Moreover, as at all meetings, legal and compliance issues were discussed. At its meeting in October, the Audit Committee once more discussed the development of the Brazilian Crop Science business in addition to the regular items
on the agenda. Supplementary to its report at the July meeting, the Board of Management outlined the further development and responded to a number of questions that the Audit Committee

33

34

To our Stockholders

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Report of the Supervisory Board
Augmented Version

had submitted following the report at the previous meeting. Furthermore, the Audit Committee
discussed the yearly report of the Tax department, the audit conducted pursuant to
Section 20 of the German Securities Trading Act (WpHG) (EMIR), the audit budget for 2018 and
the framework for non-audit services.
Human Resources Committee: On this committee, too, there is parity of representation between
stockholders and employees. It consists of the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and three other
Supervisory Board members. The Human Resources Committee prepares the personnel decisions
of the full Supervisory Board, which resolves on appointments or dismissals of members of the
Board of Management. The Human Resources Committee resolves on behalf of the Supervisory
Board on the service contracts of the members of the Board of Management. However, it is the
task of the full Supervisory Board to resolve on the total compensation of the individual members
of the Board of Management and the respective compensation components, as well as to regularly review the compensation system on the basis of recommendations submitted by the Human
Resources Committee. The Human Resources Committee also discusses the long-term succession planning for the Board of Management.

The Chairman of the Board of Management regularly attended the meetings of the Human
Resources Committee where the issues discussed did not relate to him personally.
The Human Resources Committee convened on five occasions in 2017. The matters discussed
were the compensation and contracts of the members of the Board of Management, the extension of the appointment of Johannes Dietsch, the upcoming departure of Erica Mann and the
appointment of Wolfgang Nickl and Heiko Schipper to the Board of Management.
Nominations Committee: This committee carries out preparatory work when an election of stock-

holder representatives to the Supervisory Board is to be held. It suggests suitable candidates for
the Supervisory Board to propose to the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting for election. The Nominations Committee comprises the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and the other stockholder
representative on the Presidial Committee.
The Nominations Committee did not meet in 2017. The members of the committee had discussed the recommended nominations to the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting in December 2016.
Innovation Committee: The Innovation Committee is primarily concerned with the innovation

strategy and innovation management, the strategy for the protection of intellectual property, and
major research and development programs at Bayer. Within its area of responsibility, the committee advises and oversees the management and prepares any Supervisory Board decisions. The
Committee comprises the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and five other members of the Supervisory Board, with parity of representation between stockholder and employee representatives.
The Chairman of the Board of Management and the member of the Board of Management responsible for Innovation regularly attend the meetings of the Innovation Committee.
The Innovation Committee convened twice in 2017. At its February meeting, it dealt with the research and development process in the Pharmaceuticals Division, especially the organization and
strategy in the area of drug discovery. At its meeting in September, it examined the Consumer
Health Division’s innovation concept and open innovation at Pharmaceuticals and Crop Science.

Corporate governance
The Supervisory Board dealt with the principles of corporate governance at Bayer. In particular, at
its December meeting it discussed the implementation of the new recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code and adopted corresponding changes to its rules of procedure.
In December, the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board again issued an unreserved
declaration on the German Corporate Governance Code. Further, at the meetings of the Supervisory Board the Chairman of the Supervisory Board gave a summary of his dialog with investors.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

To our Stockholders
Report of the Supervisory Board
Augmented Version

Financial statements and audits
The financial statements of Bayer AG were prepared according to the requirements of the German
Commercial Code and Stock Corporation Act. The consolidated financial statements of the Bayer
Group were prepared according to the German Commercial Code and the International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS). The combined management report was prepared according to the
German Commercial Code. The auditor, Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Munich,
has audited the financial statements of Bayer AG, the consolidated financial statements of the
Bayer Group and the combined management report. The auditor responsible for the audit was Prof.
Frank Beine. The conduct of the audit is explained in the auditor’s reports. The auditor finds that
Bayer has complied, as appropriate, with the German Commercial Code, the German Stock Corporation Act and / or the International Financial Reporting Standards endorsed by the European Union,
and issues an unqualified opinion on the financial statements of Bayer AG, the consolidated financial statements of the Bayer Group and the combined management report. The financial statements of Bayer AG, the consolidated financial statements of the Bayer Group, the combined management report and the audit reports were submitted to all members of the Supervisory Board.
They were discussed in detail by the Audit Committee and at a meeting of the full Supervisory
Board. The auditor submitted a report on both occasions and was present during the discussions.
We examined the financial statements of Bayer AG, the proposal for the use of the distributable
profit, the consolidated financial statements of the Bayer Group and the combined management
report. While examining the combined management report, we also examined in particular the nonfinancial statement that is fully integrated in the management report. This statement was also examined by the auditor. We have no objections, thus we concur with the result of the audit.
We have approved the financial statements of Bayer AG and the consolidated financial statements
of the Bayer Group prepared by the Board of Management. The financial statements of Bayer AG
are thus confirmed. We are in agreement with the combined management report and, in particular,
with the assessment of the future development of the enterprise. We also concur with the dividend
policy and the decisions concerning earnings retention by the company. We assent to the proposal
for the use of the distributable profit, which provides for payment of a dividend of €2.80 per share
and for the distributable profit remaining after this payment to be carried forward.
The Supervisory Board would like to thank the Board of Management and all employees for their
dedication and hard work in 2017.
Leverkusen, February 27, 2018
For the Supervisory Board

Werner Wenning

Chairman

35

36

To our Stockholders

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Investor Information
Augmented Version

Investor Information
Bayer stock delivers returns of 7.4% in 2017
Positive financing environment for bonds
Dividend increase to €2.80 per share proposed
1

Performance of Bayer Stock in 2017
Indexed; 100 = Xetra closing price on December 31, 2016, source: Bloomberg
Jan

Feb

Mar

Apr

May

Jun

Jul

Aug

Sep

Oct

Nov

Dec

130

120

110

100

90

Bayer +7.4%

DAX +12.5%

DJ EURO STOXX 50 + 9.2%

The Stock Market in 2017
Stock markets achieve positive performance
2017 was a year of strong gains on stock markets. Buoyed by a growing global economy, performance was yet again driven by expansionary monetary policy, with the European Central Bank
(ECB) in particular playing a key role here. As a result, interest rates in Europe remained at a low
level. In contrast, the U.S. Federal Reserve hiked interest rates three times, in a move that signals
a sustained departure from low interest rates in the United States. The impact of global uncertainties, such as elections in Europe, Brexit risks and geopolitical factors, on the performance of the
stock markets began to fade over the course of the year. The German stock index DAX, for instance, grew for the sixth year in a row. Share prices rose strongly through June, with the DAX up
by around 12 percent at almost 13,000 points, before it fell below 12,000 points in August. However, stocks started to rise again in September, with the index hitting a record high of around
13,500 points in November. The DAX stood at 12,918 points at the end of the last trading day of
the year, representing growth of around 13 percent over the course of the year.
Following a similar path, the European equities index EURO STOXX 50 (performance index) rose
around 9 percent, ending the year at roughly 7,049 points. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 and Nikkei
225 indices were up by around 19 percent, indicating that stock markets in the United States and
Japan also performed very strongly.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

To our Stockholders
Investor Information
Augmented Version

Performance of Bayer stock
Bayer shares posted moderate gains through early April, when they hit the €108 mark, after which
they continued to rise until they reached their high for the year of €123.30 on July 19. The company’s share price then declined until early August, before rising again to around €120 in midOctober. Bayer stock closed the year at €104. Including the dividend of €2.70 per share paid at
the end of April, Bayer stock delivered a return of 7.4 percent.
2

Bayer Stock Data
2016

2017

Earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations

€

5.44

8.41

Core earnings per share from continuing operations 1

€

6.67

6.74

Cash flow from operating activities in continuing operations per share

€

7.78

7.99

Equity per share

€

45.05

44.57

Dividend per share

€

2.70

2.80

Year-end price ²

€

99.13

104.00

High for the year ²

€

111.25

123.30

Low for the year ²

€

84.42

100.00

Total dividend payment 3
Number of shares entitled to the dividend (Dec. 31)
Market capitalization (Dec. 31)
Average daily share turnover on German stock exchanges

€ million

2,233

2,315

million shares

826.95

826.95

€ billion

82.0

86.0

million shares

2.7

2.0

Price / EPS ²

18.2

12.4

Price / core EPS ²

14.9

15.4

12.7

13.0

2.7

2.7

Price / cash flow ²
Dividend yield

%

2016 figures restated
1
For details on the calculation of core earnings per share see Combined Management Report, Chapter A 2.4
2
Xetra closing prices (source: Bloomberg)
3
If the planned capital increase or other capital measures are completed by the 2018 Annual Stockholders’ Meeting, with the issue
of new shares carrying dividend rights for fiscal 2017, the total dividend payment will be increased by the total dividends to be paid
to the newly issued shares, with the dividend per share remaining unchanged.

Financing environment remains positive
2017 was a year that saw record demand for euro-denominated investment-grade bonds. Buoyed
by the ECB’s bond-buying program, risk premiums hit historic lows while premiums on new issues
were in single digits or even negative territory. As before, yields remain in negative territory for a
high range of maturities.
Bayer redeemed all bonds maturing in 2017 without direct refinancing, while also early redeeming
a €750 million bond that was originally due to mature in January 2018. JPY 20 billion in bonds
were issued in May as part of a private placement.
In addition, bonds that may alternatively be redeemed in Covestro shares were issued in June.
Maturing in 2020, they amounted to €1 billion. This exchangeable bond helps Bayer to implement
its goal of achieving full separation from Covestro in the medium term and to obtain financing at
highly advantageous conditions.
Further details of all outstanding bonds are given in the consolidated financial statements.

37

38

To our Stockholders

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Investor Information
Augmented Version

Four percent dividend increase to €2.80 per share
The Board of Management and the Supervisory Board will propose to the Annual Stockholders’
Meeting that the dividend be increased by €0.10 to €2.80 per share. Through the move, we aim to
enable our stockholders to appropriately participate in the positive business performance of the
past fiscal year, despite the revised forecast following the second quarter and the planned capital
increase. The resulting payout ratio of around 42 percent1 calculated on core earnings per share
exceeds our target corridor of 30 to 40 percent.
The dividend yield calculated on the share price at year end 2017 amounts to 2.7 percent.
3

Dividends Per Share and Total Dividend Payments
2008

2009

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

3.0

2016

€2.70

2017

€2.80

€2.50
2.5
€2.10
€1.90

2.0
1.5

€2.25

€1.40

€1.40

€1.50

€1.65

1.0
0.5
0.0

€1,070 million €1,158 million €1,240 million €1,364 million €1,571 million €1,737 million €1,861 million €2,067 million €2,233 million €2,315 million1
Dividend per share (€)

Total dividend payment (€ million)

1 If the planned capital increase or other capital measures are completed by the 2018 Annual Stockholders’ Meeting, with the issue of new shares carrying dividend rights for

fiscal 2017, the total dividend payment will be increased by the total dividends to be paid to the newly issued shares, with the dividend per share remaining unchanged.

Intensive investor relations activities
GRI G4-26, G4-27

Last year, our investor relations (IR) activities once again centered around providing capital
market participants with a continuous flow of information. Main areas of focus of our communications included the positive results from the COMPASS study on Xarelto™, the negative results for
anetumab ravtansine and Xofigo™, and explaining the development in Brazil at our Crop Science
Division, which, together with the challenging situation at Consumer Health, prompted us to
revise our forecast halfway through the year. Other topics included Bayer reducing its interest in
Covestro, while the planned acquisition of Monsanto continued to be addressed. Against this
backdrop, we received a great many questions from capital market participants, mainly concerning the financing of the Monsanto acquisition. Here, questions on the capital increase scheduled
for 2018 and the progress made in reviews being conducted by antitrust authorities were particularly prevalent.
At the Meet Management conference in London in March, institutional investors and analysts had
the chance to engage in direct dialogue with Bayer’s top management, as they have done in previous years. We took part in 19 conferences in total last year, as well as seven roadshows and one
field trip. New York, Boston, San Francisco, London, Paris, Zurich, Frankfurt, Stockholm, Copenhagen and Singapore were just some of the cities we went to.
Private investors also had an opportunity to find out about our company at various stockholder
forums at which the Investor Relations team was present.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

To our Stockholders
Investor Information
Augmented Version

A sustainable investment
We continued our open communication with sustainability-oriented investors, analysts and rating
agencies in 2017. Against the backdrop of the planned acquisition of Monsanto, the focus of
capital market participants turned to business ethics, reputation and the future sustainability strategy. Other important subjects included product stewardship and safety, access to medicines and
our responsibility toward the environment.
Bayer’s inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index and FTSE4Good (Europe, Global
and Environmental Leaders Europe 40), two important sustainability indices, was confirmed. Bayer
also continues to be listed on the MSCI World Low Carbon Target Index, the STOXX® Europe
Sustainability Index and the STOXX ® Global ESG Impact index. In addition, in 2017 Bayer was
again evaluated by the CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project) as one of the leading international pharmaceutical companies in the areas of climate protection and sustainable water management.

Ratio switch in ADR Program
Bayer shares are traded in the United States under an OTC Level l ADR (American Depositary
Receipts) Program. The ratio of Bayer shares to Bayer ADRs was changed in September 2017.
Four Bayer ADRs now correspond to one Bayer share. The move improved tradeability, and by a
greater extent than we had anticipated.

International ownership structure
Our ownership structure continues to show the international distribution of our capital stock. The
highest proportion of our outstanding shares, almost 31 percent, is held by investors in the United
States and Canada, followed by Germany, with about 22 percent. Bayer has a 100-percent free
float as defined by Deutsche Börse, the operator of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The number of
Bayer stockholders declined marginally in 2017. At the end of 2017, approximately 343,000
stockholders were listed in our share register – a decline of around 4 percent compared with the
previous year.
4

Shareholder Composition – Regional Allocation
4.7% Denmark, Finland,
Norway, Sweden

3.8% Not covered by survey

2.4% Benelux
4.1% Austria, Switzerland, Liechtenstein

30.8% U.S.A. & Canada

4.1% Other countries
9.0% France, Spain, Italy,
Portugal

21.9% Germany
19.2% U.K. & Ireland

Source: IPREO

GRI G4-26, G4-27

www.bayer.com/en/
awards.aspx

39

40

this Report
Report
About this

Bayer
Bayer Annual
Annual Report
Report 2017
2017

Augmented Version
Version
Augmented

Report
About this Report

This integrated Annual Report combines our financial and
our sustainability reporting. Our aim is to elucidate the
interactions between financial, ecological and societal
factors and underline their influence on our company’s

Legal principles and reporting standards
The consolidated financial statements of the Bayer Group
as of December 31, 2017, comply with the International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the
E.U., valid at the closing date and with the provisions of
the German Commercial Code in conjunction with German financial reporting standards (DRS). With due regard
to these provisions, the combined management report
provides an accurate overview of the financial position
and results of operations of the Bayer Group. The Compensation Report for the Board of Management and the
Supervisory Board complies with the recommendations
of the German Corporate Governance Code. The consolidated financial statements and the combined management report are published in the Federal Gazette in line
with the statutory disclosure requirement.

long-term development, thus providing our stakeholders
with comprehensive and transparent information on our
performance.

of activity derived from the materiality analysis to key GRI
aspects. This report also serves as a Communication on
Progress (COP) in line with the U.N. Global Compact.

The Bayer Group’s sustainability reporting has been
aligned to the guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative
(GRI) and the 10 principles of the U.N. Global Compact
(UNGC) since 2000. The Annual Report 2017 was prepared in accordance with the “comprehensive” option of
the GRI-G4 Guidelines. The detailed GRI content index
with the corresponding UNGC principles can be found in
the augmented online version of the Annual Report under
“C Further Information.” This index assigns Bayer’s areas

Our reporting is also aligned to international guidelines
and recommendations, including those on the definition
and selection of nonfinancial indicators and on reporting
such as those of the OECD and the ISO 26000 standards.
In selecting and measuring our key data we also take into
account the recommendations of the European Federation of Financial Analysts Societies (EFFAS) in the case of
nonfinancial indicators, and those of the Greenhouse Gas
Protocol regarding greenhouse gas emissions. We also
consider the recommendations of the World Business
Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and the
European Chemical Industry Council (CEFIC).

CSR Directive Implementation Act
Pursuant to the CSR Directive 2014 / 95 / EU published
in the Official Journal of the European Union, certain
publicly traded companies are required for the first time
to publish a nonfinancial statement for the fiscal year
beginning on or after January 1, 2017. The aim of this is
to achieve a better understanding of business develop-

ment and context as well as future developments of the
company. German lawmakers approved the implementation of the Directive as the CSR Directive Implementation
Act (CSR-RUG) and transposed it into German law
(Section 289 et seqq. of the German Commercial Code
for individual companies and Section 315b et seqq. of

Bayer Annual Report 2017

About this
this Report
Repor
About

41

Augmented
Augmented Version
Version

the German Commercial Code for consolidated financial
statements).

nonfinancial statement has been verified by the Supervisory Board.

In addition to a brief description of the business model,
the Act requires the preparation of a nonfinancial statement containing information relating to at least environmental, employee-related and social aspects, as well as
respect for human rights, anticorruption and bribery
matters (Section 289c of the German Commercial Code).
We have also prepared the nonfinancial statement in line
with GRI-G4 Guidelines (Section 289d of the German
Commercial Code).

An index to the nonfinancial statement pursuant to the
CSR Directive Implementation Act in A 4.6 provides an
overview of where you can find the disclosures required
by law (business model / concept and risks pertaining to
the aspects / diversity concept) in the combined management report. The index also provides an overview of
the corresponding areas of activity at Bayer in relation to
the aspects set forth in the Act.

On account of our reporting already being integrated, we
have included the nonfinancial statement in the combined
management report of our Annual Report, which covers
data for the Bayer Group and Bayer AG as the parent
company. The legality, accuracy and expediency of the

Versions of the report
We provide the integrated Bayer Annual Report 2017 in
two audited versions:
> in a print version (“Annual Report 2017”)
> and an augmented online version (“Annual Report 2017

– Augmented Version”).
The augmented version also includes additional
information in the management report as well as
Bayer’s consolidated financial statements.

Owing to the increased importance of Bayer AG within
the Group, the disclosure of significant nonfinancial information is also mandatory for the parent company Bayer
AG. The relevant nonfinancial data and other key figures
for Bayer AG are contained in A 1.4.4.

The print version contains numbered online annexes
which refer the reader to additional information in the
Augmented Version. You can enter these numbers in a
search mask on www.bayer.com / AR2017 to access the
desired information.
Both versions of the Annual Report are available in PDF
format for download from the Bayer website.

Kommt neu

The “Annual Report 2017 – Augmented Version” can
be found at www.bayer.com/AR17

The app of the
“Annual Report 2017 –
Augmented Version”
is available on the
iTunes and Google
Play stores. Please
search for “Bayer
Integrated Reports.”

42

About this
this Report
Report

Bayer Annual
Annual Report
Report 2017
2017
Bayer

Augmented Version
Version
Augmented

Data collection and reporting thresholds
We collected the data of all relevant organizational units
and companies worldwide that fell within the scope of the
Bayer Group’s consolidated financial statements between
January 1, 2017, and December 31, 2017.
Bayer ceded de facto control over Covestro AG at the end
of the third quarter of 2017. Covestro is no longer a reportable segment of the Bayer Group and is now presented as a discontinued operation until the date of its deconsolidation.
In accordance with IFRS 5 (Non-current Assets Held for
Sale and Discontinued Operations), financial indicators are
given for continuing operations unless otherwise explicitly
indicated. The same applies to HR and HSE (health, safety and environment) indicators and our social data. Prior
years’ figures were restated as necessary.
We mainly use SAP systems to collect financial data
worldwide. We use the global SAP HR information system

External verification
The auditing company Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (Deloitte), Munich, Germany, has
audited the consolidated financial statements (including
the notes thereto) of Bayer AG, Leverkusen, and the
combined management report for the fiscal year from
January 1, 2017, to December 31, 2017, and has issued
an unqualified opinion (reasonable assurance). The audit
also includes the disclosures pertaining to the nonfinancial statement pursuant to Section 315c of the German
Commercial Code in conjunction with Section 289c of the
German Commercial Code.

and the associated reporting application – the Sustainability Management Annual Reporting Tool (SMART) – to
collect HR indicators and social data.
All HSE performance indicators for the Group are collated
in our Group-wide site information system (BaySIS). The
HSE data cover all fully consolidated companies in which
Bayer owns at least 50% of the shares. Data on occupational injuries, transport accidents and environmental
incidents are collected at all sites worldwide. Environmentally relevant indicators are measured at all production
sites and at relevant research and development sites.
Several nonfinancial indicators (particularly related to
employees and procurement) are reported only for our
significant locations of operation in line with the requirements of the corresponding GRI indicators. In 2017,
this covered 18 countries that accounted for more than
80% of total Bayer Group sales.

All the online annexes that supplement the management
report in the augmented online version of the Bayer
Annual Report 2017 (“Annual Report 2017 – Augmented
Version”) for the fiscal year from January 1, 2017, to
December 31, 2017, have been reviewed by Deloitte on a
limited assurance basis. The corresponding text passages
are marked in the augmented online version of the Annual
Report with “limited assurance.”

Additional information
> As the indicators in this report are stated in

accordance with commercial rounding principles,
totals and percentages may not always be exact.

Cross-references within the
Annual Report

References to websites

> For further guidance, the Annual Report contains

references to:

Group target

GRI references

GRI
G4-17

GRI
G4-22

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure ///// Draft Status: 01/22/2018
Augmented Version

Combined
Management Report
of the Bayer Group and Bayer AG
as of December 31, 2017

41

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure ///// 1.1.1 Corporate Profile
Augmented Version

1. Fundamental Information
About the Group
1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure
The foundation for our success: innovation strength
Bayer actively supports efforts to achieve U.N. Sustainable
Development Goals
Covestro no longer a part of operating business

1.1.1 Corporate Profile
Bayer is a life science company with a more than 150-year history and core competencies in
the areas of health care and agriculture. With our innovative products, we are helping find solutions to some of the major challenges of our time. With life expectancy continuing to rise, we
improve quality of life for a growing population by focusing our research and development activities on preventing, alleviating and treating diseases. We are also making an important contribution to providing a reliable supply of high-quality food, feed and plant-based raw materials.
Our goal is to create value for our customers, stockholders and employees, while also strengthening the company’s earning power. We are committed to operating sustainably and addressing
our social and ethical responsibilities. Employees with a passion for innovation enjoy excellent
development opportunities at Bayer. All this goes to make up our corporate purpose: “Science
for a better life.”
Our corporate values guide us in our daily activities. Represented by the acronym LIFE (Leadership, Integrity, Flexibility and Efficiency), these values apply to everyone at Bayer and are firmly
integrated into our global performance management system. Our value culture ensures a common
identity throughout the enterprise across national boundaries, management hierarchies and cultural differences.

43

44

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure ///// 1.1.1 Corporate Profile
Augmented Version

Bayer Worldwide 2017

North America

Latin America

Sales
Employees
R&D 1

Sales
Employees
R&D 1

€10,143 (2016: 10,066) million
13,001 (2016: 13,212)
€1,015 (2016: 1,009) million

€3,847 (2016: 4,402) million
11,587 (2016: 12,120)
€63 (2016: 70) million

Germany
Headquarters
Bayer Group
Leverkusen
Pharmaceuticals
Berlin
Crop Science
Monheim am Rhein
Animal Health
Monheim am Rhein

Pharmaceuticals
Cologne
Berlin
Wuppertal-Aprath
Wuppertal-Elberfeld
Bergkamen
Leverkusen
Weimar
Consumer Health
Darmstadt
Bitterfeld-Wolfen
Grenzach

U.S.A.
Pharmaceuticals
San Francisco
Whippany
Berkeley
Saxonburg
Consumer Health
Morristown
Whippany
Cleveland
Myerstown

Mexico
Consumer Health
Lerma

Crop Science
Morrisville
Raleigh
Muskegon
Kansas City
Animal Health
Shawnee

Brazil
Crop Science
Belford Roxo
São Paulo
Animal Health
São Paulo

2016 figures restated
1 Research and development expenses
2 Transition to Kunming in 2018
Significant research and development location (selection)
Significant production location (selection)

Crop Science
Monheim am Rhein
Frankfurt am Main
Dormagen
Hürth-Knapsack
Animal Health
Monheim am Rhein
Kiel

France
Consumer Health
Gaillard
Crop Science
Lyon
Sophia Antipolis
Villefranche

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

45

1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure ///// 1.1.1 Corporate Profile
Augmented Version

A 1.1.1/1

Europe / Middle East /Africa

Asia / Pacific

Sales
Employees
R&D 1

Sales
Employees
R&D 1

€13,388 (2016: 13,062) million
52,380 (2016: 50,970)
€3,295 (2016: 3,182) million

Finland

Netherlands

Pharmaceuticals
Turku

Crop Science
Nunhem

€7,637 (2016: 7,413) million
22,852 (2016: 23,290)
€131 (2016: 144) million

Switzerland
Headquarters
Consumer Health
Basel

Norway

Belgium

Pharmaceuticals
Basel

Pharmaceuticals
Oslo

Crop Science
Ghent

Crop Science
Muttenz

Italy
Pharmaceuticals
Garbagnate
Japan
Pharmaceuticals
Tokyo
Osaka
Koka

China
Pharmaceuticals
Beijing
Consumer Health
Chengdu 2
Indonesia
Consumer Health
Cimanggis

India

New Zealand

Crop Science
Vapi

Animal Health
Auckland

46

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure ///// 1.1.2 Corporate Structure
Augmented Version

1.1.2 Corporate Structure
Corporate structure as of December 31, 2017
The Bayer Group is managed as a life science company with three divisions – Pharmaceuticals,
Consumer Health and Crop Science – and the Animal Health business unit, which are also our
reporting segments. The corporate functions, Business Services and the service company Currenta
support the operational business. In 2017, the Bayer Group comprised 237 consolidated companies in 79 countries throughout the world. As described in further detail below, Bayer’s interest in
Covestro AG stood at 24.6% as at the end of the reporting period. Covestro is no longer a reportable segment and has been accounted for using the equity method as of the beginning of the
fourth quarter of 2017.
A 1.1.2/1

Bayer Group Structure in 2017
Board of Management

Pharmaceuticals

Consumer Health

Crop Science
Animal Health

Corporate Functions & Business Services

Currenta (60%)

The Pharmaceuticals segment focuses on prescription products, especially for cardiology and
women’s health care, and on specialty therapeutics in the areas of oncology, hematology and
ophthalmology. The division also comprises the radiology business, which markets diagnostic
imaging equipment together with the necessary contrast agents.
The Consumer Health segment markets nonprescription (OTC = over-the-counter) medicines,
medical products and cosmetics in the dermatology, nutritional supplement, analgesic, digestive
health, allergy, cold, foot care and sun protection categories.
Crop Science is a world-leading agriculture enterprise with businesses in crop protection, seeds
Vector control:
see Glossary

and nonagricultural pest control. The Crop Protection / Seeds unit markets a broad portfolio of
high-value seeds and innovative pest management solutions, while at the same time providing
extensive customer service for sustainable agriculture. The Environmental Science unit provides
products and services for professional nonagricultural applications, such as vector and pest control and forestry.
Animal Health ranks among the leading international innovators in its field. It develops and mar-

kets products and solutions for the prevention and treatment of diseases in companion and farm
animals.
The corporate functions and Business Services operate as Group-wide competence centers
in which business support services are bundled. Currenta is the service company responsible for
managing and operating the Chempark sites in Leverkusen, Dormagen and Krefeld-Uerdingen.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

47

A Combined Management Report
1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure ///// 1.1.2 Corporate Structure
Augmented Version

Online Annex: A 1.1.2-1
A 1.1.2-1/1

Products and Activities of the Segments
Core activities and markets

Main products and brands 1

Cardiology

Hypertension, pulmonary hypertension, heart
attack and stroke, thrombosis

Xarelto TM, Adalat TM, AspirinTM Cardio, Adempas TM

Oncology

Liver cancer, renal cell carcinoma, thyroid
carcinoma, prostate cancer, colorectal cancer,
gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST), follicular
lymphoma

NexavarTM, Xofigo TM, StivargaTM, Aliqopa TM

Ophthalmology

Age-related macular degeneration (AMD),
diabetic macular edema (DME)

Eylea TM

Hematology

Hemophilia A

Kogenate TM / Kovaltry TM

Women’s health

Contraception, gynecological therapy

MirenaTM product family, YazTM / Yasmin TM /
Yasminelle TM

Infectious diseases

Bacterial infections

AvaloxTM / AveloxTM, Cipro TM, Ciprobay TM

Radiology

Contrast agents; diagnostic imaging equipment
for use with contrast agents

Gadovist TM, Ultravist TM, Medrad Spectris SolarisTM,
Medrad Stellant TM

Other indications

Multiple sclerosis

Betaferon TM / Betaseron TM

Dermatology

Wound care, skin care, skin and intimate health

BepanthenTM, CanestenTM

Nutrition

Multivitamin products, dietary supplements

One A DayTM, Elevit TM, Berocca TM, SupradynTM,
Redoxon TM

Analgesics

General pain relief

Aspirin TM, Aleve TM

Digestive health

Gastric complaints

MiraLax TM, Rennie TM, Iberogast TM

Allergy

Allergies

Claritin TM

Cough and cold

Cough and cold

Aspirin TM, Alka-Seltzer TM, AfrinTM

Foot care

Foot care

Dr. Scholl’sTM

Sun care

Sun protection

Coppertone TM

Fungicides

Biological and chemical products to protect
crop plants from fungal diseases

Flint TM, Fox TM, Luna TM, Nativo TM, Prosaro TM,
Serenade TM, Xpro TM

Insecticides

Biological and chemical products to protect
crop plants from harmful insects and their larvae

BioAct TM, ConfidorTM, Movento TM, Sivanto TM

Herbicides

Chemical crop protection products to control
weeds

Adengo TM, Alion TM, Basta TM, Corvus TM, Liberty TM,
Atlantis TM

SeedGrowth

Biological and chemical seed treatments to
protect against fungal infection and pests

CropStarTM, Gaucho TM, Poncho TM, Sonido TM

Seeds

Seeds and traits for cotton, canola, rice,
soybeans, wheat and vegetables

Arize TM, Credenz TM, FiberMaxTM, InVigorTM,
Nunhems TM, Stoneville TM

Environmental Science

Products for professional pest control, vector
control, forestry, golf courses and parks, railway
tracks

Ficam TM, Maxforce TM, Esplanade TM, K-Othrine TM

Indication / Application / Business

Pharmaceuticals

Consumer Health

Crop Science

Animal Health
Companion animals business

Veterinary medicines and solutions to protect and Advantage TM product family, Seresto TM, Drontal TM
maintain the health and wellbeing of companion
product family, BaytrilTM
animals, focusing on antiparisitics and antiinfectives

Farm animals business

Veterinary medicines and solutions to treat and
prevent parasitic diseases, anti-infectives,
immunostimulants, pharmacological treatments
and farm hygiene products

1

The order of the products listed is no indication of their significance.

Baytril TM, CydectinTM

48

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure ///// 1.1.2 Corporate Structure
Augmented Version

Management functions of Bayer AG
As the parent company of the Bayer Group, Bayer AG – represented by its Board of Management
– performs the principal management functions for the entire company. This mainly comprises the
Group’s strategic alignment, resource allocation, and the management of financial affairs and
managerial staff, along with the management of the Group-wide operational business of the segments. Business lease agreements between Bayer AG on the one hand, and Bayer Pharma AG
and Bayer CropScience AG – the former parent companies of the respective divisions – on the
other, have been in place since the start of 2017 and govern the transfer of their operational business to Bayer AG. This means that, alongside the holding company function it has performed to
date, Bayer AG also performs the corresponding parent company functions in relation to Pharmaceuticals and Crop Science.

Changes to the corporate structure in connection with Covestro
In fiscal 2017 we reduced our interest in Covestro AG from 64.2% to 24.6%. Over the course
of the year, we sold 35.6% of the shares in this company in four tranches, raising approximately
€4.7 billion in total. In addition, we deposited a further 4% of the shares in Bayer Pension Trust
e.V., which now holds an interest of 8.9%.
Furthermore, we sold an additional 10.4% of Covestro shares in January 2018, in a move that
reduced our direct interest to 14.2%. This transaction generated overall proceeds of €1.8 billion.

GRI G4-22

As a result of the reduction undertaken through September 30, 2017, and the conclusion of a
control termination agreement, Bayer ceded de facto control over Covestro AG at the end of the
third quarter. Accordingly, Covestro was deconsolidated and presented as an associate for the
first time. Covestro is no longer a reportable segment and is presented as a discontinued operation until the date of its deconsolidation. The financial information for the periods preceding the
deconsolidation, including the comparative prior-year figures, has been restated accordingly.

Changes to the corporate structure in connection with the planned acquisition
of Monsanto
On September 14, 2016, we signed a binding agreement to acquire the Monsanto Company.
Monsanto’s shareholders approved the merger on December 13, 2016, during an extraordinary
stockholders’ meeting. In 2017, Bayer received half of the regulatory approvals that it applied for,
obtaining clearance in Colombia, Ecuador, Israel, Paraguay, the Philippines and South Africa, for
instance. We are collaborating with the authorities and continue to work toward closing the transaction in the second quarter of 2018.

Field crops:
see Glossary

In October 2017, Bayer signed an agreement to sell selected Crop Science businesses to BASF
for €5.9 billion in light of the planned acquisition of Monsanto. The assets to be sold include
Bayer’s global glufosinate-ammonium business and the related LibertyLink™ technology for herbicide tolerance, a substantial part of the field crop seed businesses, as well as respective research
and development capabilities. The transaction is subject to regulatory approval as well as the
successful closing of Bayer’s acquisition of Monsanto. Bayer will continue to own, operate and
maintain these businesses until the closing of this divestiture. The assets and liabilities are classified as held for sale. Aside from this, the company’s situation is presented in this report with the
respective Crop Science businesses included. The potential impact of the divestments will not be
outlined in further detail.
In connection with the planned acquisition of Monsanto and in preparation for the future combined
business, the structure of the Crop Science segment was adjusted as of January 1, 2018. In the
new structure, all the strategic business entities – including the Herbicides, Fungicides, Insecticides and SeedGrowth businesses – are organizationally located directly below the Crop Science
segment. Crop Protection / Seeds will cease to exist, as will the intermediate Crop Protection level
below it. Moreover, the business entities within Seeds (including Traits) will from now on be regarded individually and not jointly. In line with this, Vegetable Seeds will be reported separately.
Given their current size, the other Seeds businesses – comprising Corn Seed & Traits, Soybean

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.1 Corporate Profile and Structure ///// 1.1.3 Value Creation
Augmented Version

Seed & Traits, Cotton Seed & Traits, Oilseeds & Traits and Other Seeds & Traits – will be grouped
together under Other (Seeds & Traits). Environmental Science will be presented separately on the
same level as the other strategic business entities. The new reporting structure will be reviewed
again upon conclusion of the acquisition of Monsanto and will be modified in line with the framework conditions prevailing at that point in time.
A comparison of the previous and new reporting structures of Crop Science is shown in
graphic A 1.1.2/2.
A 1.1.2/2

Comparison of Previous and New Crop Science Structure
Structure from Jan. 1, 2018

Structure until Dec. 31, 2017

Crop Protection / Seeds

–

Crop Protection

–

Herbicides

Herbicides

Fungicides

Fungicides

Insecticides

Insecticides

SeedGrowth

SeedGrowth

Seeds

–

–

Vegetable Seeds

Environmental Science

Environmental Science

–

Other (Seeds & Traits)

Crop Science total

Crop Science total

Reporting for fiscal 2017 applies the structure in place until December 31, 2017.

1.1.3 Value Creation
By delivering innovative products and solutions, Bayer creates value for its stakeholders at all
stages of the value chain. We operate production sites worldwide, invest in research and development, work with international and local suppliers and contribute to the economic development
of our target markets. As an employer, we provide jobs in industrialized, emerging and developing
economies and create purchasing power through the salaries we pay. We contribute to public
finances and thus support public infrastructure through the payment of taxes and other levies.
A 1.1.3/1

Value Chain Stages
Research,
development
and innovation

Supply chain

Production

Logistics

Distribution
and marketing

Use

The value added statement shows the direct financial value our business activities create for our
stakeholders. We define value added as the company’s total operating performance in the previous fiscal year less the costs of procured and consumed goods and services, depreciation, amortization, impairment losses and impairment loss reversals.

See also A 1.4.2

49

50

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.2 Strategy and Management ///// 1.2.1 Group Strategy and Targets
Augmented Version

A 1.1.3/2

Bayer Group Value Added 2017
Value added

Total operating
performance 1
€2.7 billion Depreciation and amortization

€9.5 billion Employees (63%)
€0.9 billion Reserves / other (6%)

€18.5 billion Material costs /
other expenses

€

36.2
billion

€

15.0

€2.3 billion Stockholders 2 (15%)

billion

€0.7 billion Lenders (5%)
€1.6 billion Tax authorities (11%)

1 Total operating performance = sales + other operating income + financial income / equity-method income (loss)
2 Bayer AG dividend proposal for 2017)

1.2 Strategy and Management
Corporate strategy targets long-term profitable growth
Group targets reflect our integrated business approach
Sustainability management underpins all business activities

1.2.1 Group Strategy and Targets
The steadily growing and aging global population presents fundamental challenges in health care
and nutrition. How will we feed up to ten billion people by 2050 while contending with the impact of
climate change? How will we ensure quality of life for an ever-increasing number of elderly people?
These are the challenges that we are looking to address. In line with our corporate purpose “Science for a better life,” we are driving the development of better medicines and the production of
high-quality food through innovative solutions. Alongside our goal of achieving economic success,
we also seek to make a responsible contribution to the United Nations Sustainable Development
Goals of “Good Health and Well-Being” and “Zero Hunger” within the scope of our entrepreneurial
possibilities.
We strive to meet our responsibility to the environment and society, and to continuously develop
our businesses such that they assume leadership positions in their respective industries and segments to achieve long-term success for our company. We invest in a diversified portfolio of strong
businesses that create value. Our efforts are sustained by our employees and by our core competencies of innovation, customer focus, quality, process excellence and portfolio management.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.2 Strategy and Management ///// 1.2.1 Group Strategy and Targets
Augmented Version

Strategies of the Segments
Pharmaceuticals
Demographic change is impacting health care systems through the growing number of chronic
diseases and the increasing occurrence of multiple conditions.

See also A 1.3

We are seeking to contribute to medical progress through our focus on researching, developing
and marketing innovative medicines that provide significant clinical benefit and value primarily in
the therapeutic areas of cardiology, oncology, women’s health, hematology and ophthalmology.
Our medium-term growth is being primarily driven by our successfully launched products Xarelto™, Eylea™, Stivarga™, Xofigo™ and Adempas™. To safeguard long-term growth, we are continuing to invest in research and development (R&D). Here our efforts are focused on the areas in
which we see a substantial need for innovation and can make a major impact through the expertise amassed by our researchers. This is true especially for cardiovascular diseases, cancer and
certain uses in women’s health. To supplement our R&D activities, we will continue to expand our
portfolio through acquisitions, licensing agreements and external collaborations while maintaining
a targeted approach.
To improve access to our products in developing and emerging countries (Access to Medicine –
ATM), we are implementing economically feasible concepts and further developing our compounds for the treatment of neglected tropical diseases alongside our philanthropic activities.
Online Annex: A 1.2.1-1

As an innovative company, we improve people’s quality of life by developing products and solutions for preventing and treating disease. We also work on programs and initiatives with various
partners so that people worldwide, regardless of their origin and income, have access to our
products (Access to Medicine, ATM).
For more than ten years, we have donated to the World Health Organization (WHO) two of our
active ingredients and financial resources for the treatment of African sleeping sickness and
Chagas disease, which is widespread in Latin America. As a 2012 cosignatory to the London
Declaration on Neglected Tropical Diseases, we committed to providing these medications to
the WHO until these diseases are either contained or eradicated.
Moreover, we are developing a new formulation of the drug Nifurtimox (for Chagas disease) that
is suitable for children and are researching whether weight-based dosing could reduce treatment time. In a product development partnership with DNDi (Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative), we are examining whether the ingredient emodepside deployed by Bayer Animal Health
could also be used to develop an innovative treatment for river blindness. As a member of the
TB Drug Accelerator program, we are providing access to parts of our substance library in
support of the search for new compounds to combat tuberculosis.
We are additionally developing economically feasible family planning programs. For instance,
we provide women in developing countries with better access to hormonal birth control. These
programs make our products available to international development partners at preferential
prices. To this end, we reduced the price of JadelleTM, a reversible, long-term contraceptive implant, by half. Before the program was originally scheduled to end, Bayer announced that it
would be extended to 2023. Bayer’s family planning activities directly support “Good Health
and Well-Being,” the third of the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals, since these activities
address maternal and infant mortality as well as reproductive health.

ATM: see Glossary

51

52

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.2 Strategy and Management ///// 1.2.1 Group Strategy and Targets
Augmented Version

In some countries where sections of the population have no access to innovative medicines
via health care systems, we establish patient assistance programs for selected products. These
aim particularly to provide access to oncology and cardiovascular products and products to
treat chronic diseases such as multiple sclerosis and hemophilia. Such programs exist in the
United States, China, South Africa, a number of countries in Southeast Asia, and other regions.

Consumer Health
Increasing cost pressure on public health care systems and greater personal responsibility by consumers are increasingly putting the spotlight on the benefits of self-care. In addition, advancing
digitization in the health care market necessitates a stronger focus on digital products and services.
We are tackling these changes by investing in innovation to reinforce our core brands Claritin™,
Aspirin™, Aleve™, Bepanthen™, Canesten™, Alka-Seltzer™, Dr. Scholl’s™, One A Day™,
Coppertone™, Elevit™ and Berocca™. We are also expanding our digital range, as well as our
e-commerce activities.
Furthermore, we are focusing on increasing our presence in key markets such as the United
States, Germany, Brazil, Russia and China, as well as additional countries. We are also promoting the transfer of prescription medicines and active ingredients to nonprescription status
(Rx-to-OTC switch), enabling them to be used in self-care. In so doing, we want to guarantee
consumers better access to medicines and give them the opportunity to take more responsibility
for their health, thereby improving their quality of life.

Crop Science
The need for food, animal feed and renewable raw materials is growing worldwide. At the same
time, however, the available arable land is limited and is increasingly endangered by the impact of
climate change. In addition, there is growing demand for sustainable farming practices. This requires innovative solutions that can be leveraged to boost agricultural productivity and guarantee
food security.

See also A 1.3

www.bayer.com/
foodchain

As part of our strategy to develop holistic solutions, we aim to build on our expertise in the integration of seed technology with chemical and biological crop protection. We are also driving digitization. In the field of digital farming, we plan to develop a proprietary range of services with specific data models that simulate risk factors for crop disease outbreaks, among other things. Our
goal is to provide farmers with tailored recommendations on the targeted and correct use of our
products, thus helping them to improve their yields.
In line with our commitment to sustainable agriculture, we promote cost-effective and socially
viable farming practices that use resources efficiently and protect the environment. By providing
tailored solutions, we aim to help smallholder farmers in developing and emerging countries to
optimize agricultural production and improve their living standards. Moreover, as part of our Bayer
ForwardFarming initiative, we develop and promote innovative solutions for sustainable agricultural
practices in collaboration with farmers. As part of these efforts, we are continuously expanding
our network of ForwardFarms.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

53

1.2 Strategy and Management ///// 1.2.1 Group Strategy and Targets
Augmented Version

As previously communicated, we are seeking to acquire the Monsanto Company. Together we see
ourselves being in a position to offer a broader portfolio of innovative products customized to
better meet farmers’ many challenges and individual needs. In the medium to long term, the combined enterprise would be able to bring innovative solutions to the market faster and provide its
customers with better solutions and an optimized product offering on the basis of agricultural
analysis and supporting digital farming applications.

Animal Health
The development of the animal health market is primarily driven by a growing global population
and higher average incomes. In the companion animals segment, this leads to rising pet ownership levels. In the farm animals segment, moreover, a growing aspiration to adopt Western lifestyle
habits is leading to higher meat consumption. Effective and safe animal medicines are therefore
increasingly in demand in both areas.
In the companion animals business, Animal Health holds a leading position in the global parasiticide segment. We are focusing on maintaining the strong performance of the innovative Seresto™
collar, opening up new distribution channels and leveraging the brand equity of the Advantage™
product family.
In the farm animals business, we are focusing on antiparasitics and anti-infectives for the treatment of infectious diseases. In addition to the products developed in-house, we also explore
opportunities to strengthen our business through acquisitions. For example, we expanded our
antiparasitics business in the United States through the successful integration of the Cydectin™
portfolio in January 2017.

Targets and key performance indicators
Our strategy is aimed at achieving economic growth balanced with our responsibility for the
environment and society. To advance the consistent implementation of our strategy, we have set
ambitious Group targets along the value chain. These targets are in the areas of growth and
profitability, innovation, sustainability and employees.
The current status of our progress in these areas is documented in the following table and the
respective chapters.

See A 1.1.2. for the
status of the Monsanto
acquisition

54

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.2 Strategy and Management ///// 1.2.1 Group Strategy and Targets
Augmented Version

A 1.2.1/1

Bayer Group Targets
Target

Target attainment (as of 2017)

New or adjusted target

Growth and Profitability
Group sales (Fx & portfolio adj. change);
revised forecast in October 2017:
low-single-digit-percentage increase to €35 billion to €36 billion

1.5 % increase to €35.0 billion

Increase by a low- to mid-single-digit
percentage to around €35 billion

EBITDA before special items;
revised forecast in October 2017:
slightly above the level of the previous year

At the prior-year level (– 0.3%)

At the prior-year level

Core earnings per share;
revised forecast in October 2017:
low-single-digit percentage decrease

1.0% increase

At the prior-year level

Group: Increase in R&D investment to €4.8 billion (2017)

€4.5 billion

R&D investment of
around €4.1 billion (2018)

Pharmaceuticals: transition of 10 new molecular entities (NMEs)
into development (2017)

10 new molecular entities (NMEs)
transferred

Transition of nine new molecular entities (NMEs) and one new indication or
one new formulation project into development (2018)

Consumer Health: transition of 25 consumer-validated concepts
into early development (2017)

47 new concepts transferred

Transition of 25 consumer-validated
concepts into early development (2018)

Crop Science: transfer of three new molecular entities (NMEs),
plant traits or biologics into confirmatory technical proof-ofconcept field studies (2017)

Start of field studies on two new
molecular entities (NMEs)

Transfer of three to four new molecular
entities (NMEs), plant traits or biologics
into confirmatory technical proof-ofconcept field studies

Evaluation of all strategically important suppliers (2017)

99.5%
Target achieved

Bayer will conduct a new stakeholder
survey and materiality analysis in 2018.
This will be used to define new Group
targets.

Evaluation of all potentially high-risk suppliers with significant
Bayer spend (2020)

93%

Target unchanged

Development and establishment of a new sustainability standard
for our supply base (2020)

In implementation

Target unchanged

Innovation

See A 1.3 for further information

Sustainability
Supplier management

See A 1.4.2.1 for further information

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

55

1.2 Strategy and Management ///// 1.2.1 Group Strategy and Targets
Augmented Version

A 1.2.1/1 continued

Bayer Group Targets
Target

Target attainment (as of 2017)

New or adjusted target

Improvement of 10% in energy efficiency (2020);
reference value 2015: 143 kWh/€1,000 external sales

125 kWh / €1,000 external sales
(12.6% improvement)

Target unchanged

Reduction of 20% in specific greenhouse gas emissions (2020);
new reference value 2015: 55.7 kg CO 2e / €1,000 external sales

46.3 kg CO2e /€1,000 external
sales (– 16.9%)

Target unchanged

Establishment of water management at all sites in water-scarce
areas (2017)

100%
Target achieved

Bayer will conduct a new stakeholder
survey and materiality analysis in 2018.
This will be used to define new Group
targets.

Reduction of 35% in occupational safety incident rate (Recordable
Incident Rate – RIR) (2020); reference value 2012: 0.50

RIR 0.45 (– 10%)

Target unchanged

Reduction of 30% in process and plant safety incidents
(Loss of Primary Containment Incident Rate – LoPC-IR) (2020);
reference value 2012: 0.21

LoPC-IR 0.13 (– 38%)

Target unchanged

76%

Target unchanged

97%

Target unchanged

Continuous improvement in employee engagement; reference
value 2012: 85%

79%1

Continuous improvement in employee
satisfaction; new reference value 2017:
79%

Increase in the proportion of women in senior management
to 35%; (2020); reference value 2010: 21%

32%

Target unchanged

Increase in the proportion of senior managers from outside the
European Union, the United States or Canada to 25% (2020);
reference value in 2013: 18%

21%

Target unchanged

Resource efficiency

See A 1.4.3.3 for further information

Safety

See A 1.4.3.2 for further information

Product stewardship
Conclusion of assessment of hazard potential of all substances
(>99%) used in quantities exceeding one metric ton per annum
(2020)
See A 1.4.3.1 for further information

Compliance
Annual compliance training for virtually 100% of Bayer managers
See A 4.2 for further information

Employees

See A 1.4.1.1 for further information
1

The figures are not comparable due to a change in the methodology used in the employee survey.

56

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.2 Strategy and Management ///// 1.2.2 Management Systems
Augmented Version

1.2.2 Management Systems
One of the prime objectives of the Bayer Group is to achieve profitable growth in order to steadily
increase the enterprise value and sustain the company as a going concern. Economic planning
and management for the company takes place within a framework for the segments determined
by the Board of Management in the course of the strategic management process and translated
into specific targets during operational planning. Continuous monitoring of business developments
complements the planning and management process, and key management and performance
indicators are regularly updated. This process also involves implementing strategic objectives and
adopting countermeasures in the event of deviations from the budget. Moreover, the Board of
Management uses targets and performance indicators to steer the company’s sustainable alignment.
We use the following indicators to plan, manage and monitor the development of our business:

Operational management indicators
See also A 2.4

The main parameters in economic management within the Bayer Group at the operational level are
figures for sales, earnings and tied-up capital, which therefore also significantly affect short-term
variable compensation.
Growth is measured primarily in terms of the change in sales after adjusting for currency and portfolio effects (Fx & portfolio adj.) in order to reflect the operational business development of the
Group and the segments. A key measure of profitability at the Group and segment levels is EBITDA
before special items. The EBITDA margin before special items, which is the ratio of EBITDA before
special items to sales, serves as a relative indicator for the internal and external comparison of
operational earning power. Another important profitability indicator for the Bayer Group is core
earnings per share, which is the core net income divided by the weighted average number of
shares.

Strategic value-based indicator: return on capital employed (ROCE)
See also A 2.2.3
and A 2.4

Return on capital employed (ROCE), which measures the company’s economic success in relation
to the capital employed, supplements the operational management indicators. As a strategic indicator, ROCE measures the periodic capital return. This can then be compared with the weighted
average cost of capital. If ROCE is greater than the cost of capital, this indicates that a contribution
is being made to increasing the enterprise value, as the expectations of the capital market have
been exceeded. Monitoring ROCE over time supports the analysis of long-term business development, while comparing ROCE between business areas is a process that aids portfolio analysis.

1.2.3 Sustainability Management
U.N. Global Compact:
see Glossary

GRI: see Glossary

www.bayer.com/unsdg

See also A 1.2.1

To us, sustainability means safeguarding our future social and economic viability. Understood in
this context and as a part of our corporate strategy, sustainability is integrated into our day-to-day
procedures. We underline our mission as a company that acts sustainably through our commitment to the U.N. Global Compact (UNGC) and the Responsible Care™ initiative, as well as
through our involvement in the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD). In
our sustainability reporting we have followed the guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
for many years.
Bayer is committed to the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and has published a
company position detailing this. Our innovations, products and services contribute to overcoming
some of the biggest global challenges, including the goals of “Zero Hunger” (SDG 2) and “Good
Health and Well-Being” (SDG 3) in particular.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

57

1.2 Strategy and Management ///// 1.2.3 Sustainability Management
Augmented Version

Clear responsibilities and structures defined
As part of Bayer’s corporate strategy, sustainability is firmly established at Board level. Responsibility for the Group’s sustainable orientation lies with the Board of Management member
responsible for Human Resources, Technology and Sustainability in his role as Chief Sustainability
Officer, and with the Sustainable Development Committee (SDC) under the auspices of the Health,
Safety & Sustainability function. The SDC sets targets and draws up initiatives, management
systems and corporate policies, and is responsible for their implementation. Operational implementation is effected with the help of nonfinancial targets and performance indicators throughout
the value chain, based on a clear definition of responsibilities in the corporate structure and the
identification of major areas of activity using a materiality analysis. Corporate policies ensure our
sustainability principles are firmly established in business operations and are implemented through
corresponding management systems, committees and processes. The review and revision of
these regulations and internal audits ensure that our management systems are continuously improved and aligned to the respective requirements.

GRI G4-18

www.bayer.com/policies

A 1.2.3/1

Structure of Sustainability Management
Sustainability management

Major areas of activity

Organization

Member of the Board of
Management responsible for
Human Resources, Technology
and Sustainability
Corporate Health, Safety &
Sustainability function
Sustainable Development
Committee

Product and process innovation

Steering, measurement
and documentation

Employee relations & development

Corporate policies on, for example,
– human rights
– compliance
– sustainable development
– responsible marketing

Business ethics

Targets / indicators

Product stewardship

HSEQ management systems
and audits

Access to medicine
Sustainable food supply

Safety
Environmental protection /
resource efficiency
Supplier management

Opportunity and risk management
Integrated Annual Report with
independent auditing

Stakeholder engagement / partnering
Societal engagement
Legal requirements such as the CSR Implementation Directive and initiatives
such as WBCSD, GRI, UNGC and Responsible Care

Materiality analysis and areas of activity
We regularly analyze the expectations and requirements of our major stakeholders and compare
these with our own assessment of their relevance for Bayer. This enables us to identify at an early
stage the latest developments along with sustainability-related opportunities and risks, which we
can then incorporate into our strategy. We document the identified topics in a materiality matrix
that we use to derive the main areas of activity for Bayer. In view of the separation of Covestro
and the planned acquisition of Monsanto, we will reexamine our areas of activity in 2018 using a
comprehensive materiality analysis.
An online graphic shows our current areas of activity and their assignment to the stages of the
value chain.

GRI G4-18, G4-23,
G4-26, G4-27

www.bayer.com/
materiality

58

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.2 Strategy and Management ///// 1.2.3 Sustainability Management
Augmented Version

Online Annex: A 1.2.3-1
A 1.2.3-1/1

Areas of Activity Across the Different Stages of the Value Chain
Value chain stages
Areas of activity

Research,
development,
innovation

Procurement
and supply
chain

Production

Logistics

Distribution
and
marketing

Use

Product and
process innovation
Access to medicines
Sustainable food supply
Employee relations &
development
Business ethics
Product stewardship
Safety
Environmental protection /
resource efficiency
Supplier management
Stakeholder engagement /
partnering
Societal engagement

www.bayer.com/
areas-of-activity

On our sustainability website we include a table giving an overview of our areas of activity with
definitions and the corresponding Group targets and GRI aspects. A detailed GRI content index
with the corresponding UNGC principles can be found under “C Further Information.”

www.bayer.com/gri

Stakeholder dialogue promotes acceptance and business success
GRI G4-25, G4-26

GRI G4-24

As a company, Bayer is a part of society and of public life. Through open dialogue with our stakeholders we aim to build trust in our actions, our products and the social value of our services,
because the expectations and viewpoints of our stakeholders affect public acceptance of Bayer
and thus our commercial success. Stakeholder dialogue helps us to recognize important trends
and developments in society and our markets at an early stage and take this information into account when designing our business. The integration of various stakeholder groups is planned
within the scope of our stakeholder engagement process. This process also includes monitoring
the results of individual dialogue measures. In strategic decision-making processes such as investment projects and launches of new products, Bayer approaches key social and political players right from the start of a new project to canvass their support. The open dialogue makes it
possible to identify opportunities and risks early on. This process is in line with our Stakeholder
Engagement Directive and is supplemented by an internal information platform.
We fundamentally distinguish four stakeholder groups with which we engage in various dialogue
formats.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.2 Strategy and Management ///// 1.2.3 Sustainability Management
Augmented Version

A 1.2.3/2

GRI G4-24

Our Most Important Stakeholder Groups
Bayer

Partners
Customers
Suppliers
Employees
Associations
Universities / schools

Financial market participants

Social interest groups

Regulators

General public
NGOs
Local communities
Competitors

Lawmakers
Politicians
Authorities

Investors
Banks
Rating agencies

Online Annex: A 1.2.3-2

Diverse stakeholders in focus
Our stakeholder engagement process describes how the expectations of our stakeholders can
be taken into account in a specific project, for example, and dialogue with them steered. The
engagement process is regularly reviewed based on social trends.

GRI G4-25, G4-26

A 1.2.3-2/1

Stakeholder Engagement Process

Preparation
Identification

Analysis /
adjustment

Characterization

Interaction

Strategy
development

Prioritization
Clustering

Collaboration formats aimed at specific target groups
Our regular stakeholder activities range from dialogue at local, national and international level
and active involvement in committees and specialist workshops all the way through to comprehensive information programs, issue-related multi-stakeholder events and participation in international initiatives and collaborations.
Below and in the relevant chapters, we use examples to provide an insight into our engagement in 2017 with respect to our four most important stakeholder groups.

GRI G4-26

59

60

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.2 Strategy and Management ///// 1.2.3 Sustainability Management
Augmented Version

Our partners
GRI G4-26

Customers and suppliers
More on this topic can be found in A 1.4.2.1 and A 1.4.2.3.
Employees
More information about internal communications can be found in A 1.4.1.1.
Universities and schools
Bayer’s research and development activities are enhanced supported by the international exchange with leading universities, public-sector research institutes and partner companies. More
about this can be found in A 1.3.
You can find more information on our comprehensive activities in dialogue with school and university students in Online Annex A 1.4.1.3-1 of this Annual Report.
Associations
Bayer is an active member of, or holds leadership positions in, numerous associations and their
committees. Examples include the Federation of German Industries (BDI; Presidential Board),
the German Chemical Industry Association (VCI; Vice-Presidency), the German Equities Institute
(DAI; Executive Committee and Board) and the European Chemical Industry Council (CEFIC;
Executive Director Change Management). Bayer also currently provides the Chairman of the
Executive Board of econsense, the Forum for Sustainable Development of German Business.
Our segments are active members of their respective industry associations and committees.
For example, Pharmaceuticals is on the boards of both the European (EFPIA) and the U.S.
(PhRMA) pharmaceutical industry associations. Consumer Health has leadership functions in
relevant industrial and trade associations. The member of the Bayer Board of Management responsible for Consumer Health is on the Board of Directors of the WSMI (World Self-Medication
Industry). Representatives of the segment are also on the boards of regional self-medication
associations.
Crop Science is represented, for example, on the board of the international crop protection association CropLife International, the European Crop Protection Association (ECPA) and the presidium of the German agricultural industry association Industrieverband Agrar. Crop Science is
represented on the Board of Administration and the Scientific Committee of the European Centre for Ecotoxicology and Toxicology of Chemicals (ECETOC).
Crop Science is also a supporter of the International Food Information Council (IFIC) and a
member of the Biotech Innovation Organization (BIO), the world’s largest biotech trade association. Furthermore, Crop Science holds memberships in the North American Council for Biotechnology Information (CBI), the European Seed Association (ESA), the biotech lobbying organization EuropaBio and the International Seed Federation (ISF), which represents the
interests of the seed industry on a global level.
Animal Health is represented on numerous boards of directors of national and international associations for animal health such as Health for Animals.

Financial market players
Investors, banks and rating agencies
More information on our dialogue with the capital market – stockholders, capital investment
companies, institutional investors, banks and rating agencies – can be found in the “Investor Information” chapter of this Annual Report.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.2 Strategy and Management ///// 1.2.3 Sustainability Management
Augmented Version

Regulators
Legislators, authorities and politicians
The framework for the company’s operations is essentially determined by authorities, legislators
and politicians. The worldwide dialogue includes discussions with political decision-makers and
active involvement in specialist committees and cooperation projects. Our active participation in
political decision-making processes is explicitly sought by the key players involved. See the
chapter on compliance for more on our rules for political engagement.
Lobbying
The Group’s Public and Governmental Affairs Committee develops the principles for the alignment of Bayer’s political lobbying. This body establishes the company’s position with regard to
relevant political and legislative decision-making processes, as well as advising the Board of
Management on its position on important political issues. In 2017, Bayer’s global lobbying work
focused on the issues of “innovation,” “access,” “reputation” and “freedom to operate.” In the
area of “innovation,” Bayer advocates social discourse about good framework conditions for
the development of innovative technologies, as well as strong protection of intellectual property.
The issue of “access” deals with safe, fast and simple access by patients and consumers to
our products. In the area of “reputation” we want to position Bayer as a leading life science
company. In this context, we actively seek dialogue with various societal players, particularly
nongovernmental organizations and politicians. The term “freedom to operate” summarizes all
activities with which Bayer advocates strictly science-based regulation and an intensive and
results-oriented debate about new technologies. The Communications & Public Affairs Function, in cooperation with the country companies, is responsible for the specific local implementation of lobbying work, compliance with ethical and legal criteria and the creation of transparency.

GRI G4-26

www.bayer.com/
pol-involvement

GRI G4-27

Social interest groups
Nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), the public, the local community
and competitors
Bayer is involved in a variety of projects, stakeholder dialogues, thematic initiatives and specialist conferences at a national and international level in order to play an active role in the common task of shaping sustainable development. This includes discourse and cooperation with a
broad range of NGOs and supranational organizations on various topics, as well as in particular
dialogue with the public.

GRI G4-26

NGOs play a role in forming the opinions of the public. For this reason, we have internally systemized collaboration with this stakeholder group. To this end, we look to understand the interests of these groups, take their perspectives on board and enter into dialogue with the relevant
experts. Exchange with the different NGOs is communicated to the Board of Management and
its content is thereby incorporated into our considerations.
Bayer is also actively engaged in the U.N. Global Compact and its initiatives, the CEO Water
Mandate and Caring for Climate, as well as the Global Compact LEAD network and local networks. We have also acted as a Gold Community member of the Global Reporting Initiative
since 2004.
All Bayer segments maintain open dialogue with the societal stakeholders of relevance to them
and develop individual dialogue formats for this purpose.
Dialogue with the local community builds trust

An important part of our stakeholder dialogue takes place in the direct vicinity of our sites. We
are working on being recognized everywhere as a reliable partner and attractive employer that
is aware of its social responsibility. In the case of investment projects for example, the involvement of the local community plays a decisive role in ensuring their success.

GRI G4-26

61

62

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

GRI G4-26

In the communities near our production sites in particular, we maintain open dialogue between
community members and local management, which is supported by the respective country organization. This dialogue includes personal discussions with citizens’ initiatives, representatives
of church communities and the regional press. This community dialogue is anchored in a globally valid corporate policy on site management.

1.3 Focus on Innovation
Bayer and Ginkgo Bioworks form a new company to develop beneficial
microbes for plants
LifeHub in Boston, United States, reinforces our open innovation
network
Pharmaceuticals successful with further approvals; cooperation with
Loxo Oncology contributes to further expansion of oncology area
Crop Science cooperation network with many strategic partners
expanded
Innovation is one of our core competencies and therefore a cornerstone of our Group strategy.
We define innovations as new solutions that generate added value for our customers and society.
Our activities focus on innovative products based on our strong research and development (R&D)
competencies supplemented with targeted process, service and business model innovations.

Group target 2017:
increase in R&D investments to €4.8 billion;
see also A 1.2.1

Our innovations help us contribute to solving global challenges in medical care and food security.
In addition to the strong innovative capabilities of our employees throughout the company, our
efforts concentrate on excellence in research and development, the use of new, groundbreaking
technologies and a broad open innovation network.
To further develop the innovation expertise of the entire organization, we set ourselves the goal in
2017 of training our employees in new methods, creating a central platform for innovation topics
and establishing an agile organizational structure to support employees in developing new ideas
and innovation projects. We have successfully implemented this and given around 950 employees
an introduction to new methods such as Design Thinking and Systematic Inventive Thinking. In
addition, we have established an innovation platform where employees can find information about
new trends and current projects and interconnect and exchange with each other on innovation
topics globally. An agile, global, cross-divisional network with innovation coaches supports our
employees in developing new ideas and pursuing projects. Our activities were honored with
the Learning 100! Excellence Award 2017 for innovation, where we achieved 16th place among
the top 100 companies worldwide and were the best life science company.
Excellence in research and development
Bayer’s success has always been based on excellence in research and development. Our researchers develop new molecules and technologies in research-intensive fields to improve human,
animal and plant health. The R&D activities we pursue are aligned with the innovation strategies of
our segments. At Pharmaceuticals, Crop Science and Animal Health, these activities focus on the
research and development of safe and sustainable active ingredients to meet the need for new
pharmaceutical and crop protection products as well as of new seed products. Meanwhile, Consumer Health concentrates first on the development of new, nonprescription products and solutions, such as improved product formulations, packaging, technical applications and medical
devices. Second, the transition of prescription drugs to OTC status is a key tool for meeting the
growing desire of customers for self-care products.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

63

A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

Bayer maintains a global network of R&D locations, which employ more than 14,000
researchers. In 2017, we increased our research and development investment by 3.1% (Fx adj.) to
€4,504 million. We plan to invest around €4.1 billion in R&D in 2018.

Bayer AG key data:
see also A 1.4.4
A 1.3/1

Information on Research and Development in 2017
R&D expenses
€ million
Pharmaceuticals
Consumer Health

R&D expenses
before special items
€ million

Share of
R&D expenses
%

R&D expenses
before special items
% of sales

R&D employees
FTE

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2,787

2,888

2,736

2,724

63.3

64.1

16.7

16.2

7,934

8,138

259

240

234

228

5.9

5.3

3.9

3.9

331

368

Crop Science

1,164

1,166

1,156

1,120

26.4

25.9

11.7

11.7

5,631

5,174

Animal Health

140

155

140

145

3.2

3.4

9.2

9.2

308

333

Reconciliation

55

55

55

55

1.2

1.2

5.2

4.7

9

28

4,405

4,504

4,321

4,272

100

100

12.4

12.2

14,213

14,041

Total
2016 figures restated

Global open innovation network
Partnerships are integral to our innovation strategy. We enter into strategic alliances with various
partners such as universities, governmental agencies, start-ups, suppliers and industry. This gives
us access to complementary technologies and expertise that expand our framework conditions for
innovation.
Our open innovation network spans all parts of the company along the entire value chain. Our
open innovation portal offers a platform for interdisciplinary collaborations between different organizational units. We also invest in venture capital funds that finance life science start-up companies, among other projects. Our newly established, cross-segment LifeHub in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, reinforces our opportunities to work with leading partners to develop new
health care and nutrition solutions.
Online Annex: A 1.3-1

In addition to our cross-segment LifeHub in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, the segments maintain their own innovation hubs in leading innovation centers throughout the world
where global research partnerships are coordinated.
In the United States and Germany, we operate an incubator model for young life science
companies under the CoLaborator™ name. The objective of the global CoLaborator™ concept
is to offer these companies suitable laboratory and office infrastructure in the direct vicinity of
Bayer’s own research facilities and the opportunity to exchange experiences with our experts.
In 2017, we continued the Grants4Indications™, Grants4Apps™, Grants4Targets™ and
PartnerYourAntibodies™ crowdsourcing programs at Pharmaceuticals, as well as
Grants4Targets™ and Grants4Traits™ at Crop Science. Moreover, we launched a new
Grants4Tech™ program with which we are seeking new technical production solutions.

https://innovate.bayer.com/

https://innovate.bayer.com/
what-we-offer/lifescienceihub/

64

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

Also in 2017, SRI-BAYER Discovery and Innovation Grants was launched in conjunction with
the Society for Reproductive Investigation (SRI). The objective of these grants is to develop new
treatment options for women’s health issues where there is a high medical need. Running for
the duration of 2017, Bayer and the American Heart Association launched the AHA-Bayer Discovery Target Grants Program to advance scientific understanding and address unmet medical
needs in cardiovascular disease.
By investing in venture capital funds, we support up-and-coming companies in pharmaceutical
and agricultural technologies. We have already set up various venture capital funds with partners such as Versant Ventures, HTGF, Flagship Ventures, Trendlines and Finistere Ventures,
LLC. The Bayer Trendlines AG Innovation Fund has established IBI-AG, a company involved in
the crop protection arena. The company’s goal is to discover and develop a novel, environmentally friendly pest management platform.

GRI G4-26

Scientists from Bayer are engaged in constant dialogue with renowned research institutes and
support partnership projects in the public and private sectors. In 2017, public funding worth
more than €47.5 million was spent worldwide on Bayer R&D projects. This is equivalent to
roughly 1.1% of our annual R&D expenses.
Use of groundbreaking technologies
Another key tool for achieving our strategic goals is the use of new, groundbreaking technologies.
We pursue such technologies through the activities of Leaps by Bayer (formerly Lifescience Center) and our Life Science Collaboration program.
Leaps by Bayer has the strategic goal of establishing access to state-of-the-art technologies
through a new innovation and collaboration model. After making investments in defined research
applications for the CRISPR-Cas9 technology (Casebia) and in the development of highly efficient
induced pluripotent stem cell therapies (BlueRock Therapeutics) in the past two years, we entered
into our first agreement in the agricultural sector in September 2017. In conjunction with U.S.based Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc., Bayer founded a new company focused on the plant microbiome.
The primary focus of this research is the mechanism of nitrogen fixation for minimizing agriculture’s environmental impact. This entry into microbiome research is part of Bayer’s innovation
strategy. The company will be located in Boston, Massachusetts, and Sacramento, California, in
the United States.
In addition, with the help of our Life Science Collaboration Program, we are conducting crossdivisional evaluations of groundbreaking biological and technological innovations in the fields of
optogenetics and artificial intelligence, for example.
Patents protect Bayer’s intellectual property
Globally reliable protection of intellectual property rights is particularly relevant for an innovation
company like Bayer. Depending on the legal framework, we therefore endeavor to obtain patent
protection for our products and technologies in major markets. When we successfully market
patent-protected products, this enables us to reinvest the profits in sustainable research and development. Several years can pass between the time we submit a product approval application
and market launch of a product, so only a few years are left for generating a return on the investment in this intellectual property. At the end of 2017, we owned approximately 48,100 valid patent
applications and patents worldwide relating to more than 4,700 protected inventions. The following table shows the expiration dates for the Bayer Group’s significant patents.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

65

1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

A 1.3/2

Pharmaceuticals Patent Expiration Dates
Market
Germany

France

Italy

Switzerland

Active ingredient

2028

2028

2028

2028

2028

2023a

2023

20272028 d

2023 b

2023

2023 a

Production process /
intermediate

2030

2030

2030

2030

2030

2030

2030

2030

2030b

2030

2030

2025

2025

2025

2025

2025

2020a

2020

20212023 d

2020 b

2020

–

2027 b

20282029 d

2027 b

2027

–

Spain

U.K.

China

Japan

Brazil

Canada

U.S.A.

Products

Adempas™

Eylea™
Active ingredient
Formulation

2027

2027

2027

2027

2027

2027

Kogenate™
Active ingredient
Formulation

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

2021

–

2017

2017

2017

2017

2017

2017

2017

2020

2020

2017

–
–

Kovaltry™
Active ingredient

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

2021

Formulation

2017

2017

2017

2017

2017

2017

2017

2023 e

2020

2017

–

Production process

2018

2018

2018

2018

2018

2018

2018

2023 e

2023

2018

2018 a

Production process
(cell line / chaperone)

2029 e

2024 a

2029 e

–

2024 a

2024 a

–

2028 e

–

2024

2024

2029

2029

2029

2029

2029

2029

2029

2029

2029 b

2029

2031 c

Active ingredient

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2020

20212025 d

2025

2020

2020

Salt form

2022

2022

2022

2022

2022

2022

–

–

–

–

–

2025 b

2025

2027

Mirena™
Inserter
Nexavar™

Polymorph

2025

2025

2025

2025

2025

2025

2025

20252026 d

Formulation

2026

2026

2026

2026

2026

2026

2026

20262027 d

2026 b

2026

2028 c

2028

2028

2028

2028

2028

2024a

2024

2026 d

2024 b

2024

2031

d

2025 b

2025

2031

Stivarga™
Active ingredient
Formulation

2025

2025

2025

2025

2025

2025

2025

2026

Production process

2031

2031

2031

2031

2031

2031

2031

2031

2031b

2031

2031

2023

2023

2023

2023

2023

2023

2020

20222025 d

2022

2020

2024

2024 b

2024

2024

Xarelto™
Active ingredient
Formulation

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

20252028 d

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2019

2019 a

–

2019

2022 e

2031

b

b

2031

Xofigo™
Use
Production process

2031

2031

a Current expiration date; patent term extension applied for
b Patent application pending
c Patent term revised
d Application-specific term extension(s)
e Patent term extension granted

2031

2031

2031

2031

2031

2031

2031

66

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

Online Annex: A 1.3-2

See also
www.bayer.com/
political-position-ip

Patent protection is essential
Patent terms vary according to the laws of the country granting the patent. In view of the high
investment required for product research and development, the European Union (E.U.) member
states, the United States, Japan and some other countries extend patent terms or issue supplementary protection certificates to compensate for the shortening of the effective patent protection period due to regulatory approval processes for new drugs.
The term of a patent is normally 20 years. Since it takes an average of 12 years to develop a
new medicine, only eight years of patent protection generally remain following the product’s
approval. In most cases it would be impossible to cover the high costs incurred in the research
and development of innovative medicines or of new indications or dosage forms for existing
drugs without this protection. We are therefore committed worldwide to protecting both the international patent system and our own intellectual property.

Pharmaceuticals
Group target 2017:
transition of 10 new
molecular entities
(NMEs) into development; see also A 1.2.1

Bayer worldwide;
see also A 1.1.1/1

Pharmaceuticals focuses on indications with high medical need in the areas of cardiovascular
disease, oncology, women’s health care, hematology and ophthalmology. We conduct research
and development activities at several locations, mainly in Germany, the United States, Japan,
China, Finland and Norway.
In 2017, we achieved our target for the year and were able to transfer ten new molecular entities
from our research pipeline into preclinical development. We define a new molecular entity (NME)
as a new chemical or biological substance that has not been in development to date. In preclinical
trials these substances are examined further in various models with respect to their suitability for
clinical trials and the associated “first-in-man” studies. In 2017, we conducted clinical trials with
several drug candidates from our research and development pipeline. We strengthened products
that were already on the market through additional development activities to further improve their
application and / or expand their spectrum of indications.
Clinical trials are an essential tool for determining the efficacy and safety of new drugs before they
can be used to diagnose or treat diseases. The benefits and risks of new medicinal products must
always be scientifically proven and well documented. All clinical trials at Bayer satisfy strict international guidelines and quality standards, as well as the respective applicable national laws and
standards.
Pharmaceuticals publishes information on its own clinical trials both in the publicly accessible
register www.ClinicalTrials.gov and in its own “Trial Finder” database.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

67

1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

Online Annex: A 1.3-3

Transparency through publication of clinical trials
Bayer publishes information about clinical trials in line with the respective applicable national
laws and according to the principles of the European (EFPIA) and U.S. (PhRMA) pharmaceutical
industry associations, these principles being defined in a joint position paper.
In the case of approved products, summarized results of Phase II, III and IV clinical trials are
accessible online through the “Trial Finder.” Upon request, scientists can receive access to
anonymized data at the patient level via the portal www.clinicalstudydatarequest.com.
Further information on our globally uniform standards, the monitoring of studies and the role of
the ethics committees can be found on the internet.
Progress in Phase II clinical projects

The following table shows our most important drug candidates currently in Phase II clinical testing
projects.
A 1.3/3

Research and Development Projects (Phase II)

1

Projects

Indication

Anetumab ravtansine (mesothelin ADC)

Malignant pleural mesothelioma

BAY 1128688 (AKR1C3 inhibitor)

Endometriosis

BAY 1142524 (chymase inhibitor)

Heart failure

BAY 1193397 (AR alpha 2c rec ant.)

Peripheral artery disease (PAD)

BAY 1213790 (anti-FXIa antibody)

Prevention of thrombosis

BAY 2306001 (IONIS-FXIRx)

Prevention of thrombosis 2

Copanlisib (PI3K inhibitor)

Relapsed / refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma

Larotrectinib (LOXO-101, TRK inhibitor)

Solid tumors 3

Neladenoson bialanate

Chronic heart failure

Nesvacumab (previously: Ang2 antibody) + aflibercept

Serious eye diseases 4

Radium-223 dichloride

Breast cancer with bone metastases

Radium-223 dichloride

Multiple myeloma

Riociguat

Systemic sclerosis

Vilaprisan (S-PRM)

Endometriosis

1

As of January 26, 2018
2
Sponsored by Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
3
Sponsored by Loxo Oncology, Inc.
4
Sponsored by Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
The nature of drug discovery and development is such that not all compounds can be expected to meet the predefined project
goals. It is possible that any or all of the projects listed above may have to be discontinued due to scientific and / or commercial
reasons and will not result in commercialized products. It is also possible that the requisite U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA),
European Medicines Agency (EMA) or other regulatory approvals will not be granted for these compounds. Moreover, we regularly
review our research and development pipeline so that we can give priority to advancing the most promising pharmaceuticals
projects.

www.bayer.com/ethicsin-rnd

68

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

Below are the most significant changes that occurred in 2017 compared with the previous year:
Phase II studies with regorafenib, which are primarily sponsored by investigators, have been taken
out of the overview of the most important Phase II projects. However, these studies are continuing.
In February 2017, our partner Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., United States, decided to halt
development of rinucumab, a PDGFR antibody, in combination with aflibercept (tradename:
Eylea™) for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration, based on the results of the
CAPELLA Phase II clinical trial after 28 weeks. The trial missed its clinical endpoint, which had
been for a statistically significant improvement in visual acuity after 12 or 28 weeks.
In the second quarter of 2017, based on the results of the GEMINI trial conducted by Janssen
Research & Development, LLC, which had tested rivaroxaban (tradename: Xarelto™) in connection with a single antiplatelet therapy (SAPT) for the secondary prophylaxis of acute coronary syndrome (ACS), the decision was made to stop pursuing the development of rivaroxaban in this
indication.
Bayer reported in July 2017 that a Phase II clinical trial evaluating Bayer’s oncological development candidate anetumab ravtansine, also known as BAY 949343, as a monotherapy in previously
treated patients with advanced malignant pleural mesothelioma (MPM) did not meet its primary
endpoint of progression-free survival. The safety and tolerability of anetumab ravtansine corresponded with observations from previous trials. Anetumab ravtansine is currently being reviewed
in other Phase I clinical trials as both a monotherapy and in combination with other drugs, including in a Phase Ib multi-indication study of six different types of advanced solid tumors and a
Phase Ib combination study with patients with recurrent platinum-resistant ovarian cancer.
Bayer began a Phase II clinical trial in 2014 on the safety, tolerability and efficacy of riociguat in
adult cystic fibrosis patients with the delta F508 gene mutation. The preliminary analysis of selected data from the first part of the trial indicated that there was no evidence of a positive trend in
the efficacy of riociguat. A continuation of the trial was not considered meaningful at that time. In
August 2017, Bayer decided to terminate the trial ahead of schedule. No concerns were raised
about the safety of riociguat.
In November 2017, our partner Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., United States, published data
from two Phase II studies in which the angiopoietin2 (Ang2) antibody nesvacumab had been tested in combination with aflibercept (tradename: Eylea™) against aflibercept monotherapy. One of
these studies investigated patients with diabetic macular edema, while the other focused on patients with wet age-related macular degeneration. Regeneron reported that the differences in the
improvement in visual acuity between the treatment groups did not justify Phase III development
with the goal of obtaining marketing approval in the United States. At the same time, the efficacy
of aflibercept monotherapy was confirmed for both indications. The results of the studies will be
analyzed further and submitted for presentation at a future medical congress.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

Progress in Phase III clinical projects

The following table shows our most important drug candidates currently in Phase III clinical testing
projects.
A 1.3/4

Research and Development Projects (Phase III)
Projects

1

Indication

Copanlisib (PI3K inhibitor)

Various forms of non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL)

Darolutamide (previously: ODM-201, AR antagonist)

Castration-resistant nonmetastatic prostate cancer

Darolutamide (previously: ODM-201, AR antagonist)

Hormone-sensitive metastatic prostate cancer

Finerenone (MR antagonist)

Diabetic kidney disease

Molidustat (HIF-PH inhibitor)

Renal anemia

Radium-223 dichloride

Combination treatment of castration-resistant
prostate cancer

Regorafenib

Colon cancer, adjuvant therapy

Rivaroxaban

Anticoagulation in patients with chronic heart failure 2

Rivaroxaban

Prevention of venous thromboembolism in high-risk
patients after discharge from hospital 2

Rivaroxaban

Peripheral artery disease (PAD)

Rivaroxaban

VTE treatment in children

Tedizolid

Pneumonia

Vericiguat (sGC stimulator)

Chronic heart failure 3

Vilaprisan (S-PRM)

Symptomatic uterine fibroids

1

As of January 26, 2018
Sponsored by Janssen Research & Development, LLC
3
Sponsored by Merck & Co., Inc.
The nature of drug discovery and development is such that not all compounds can be expected to meet the predefined project
goals. It is possible that any or all of the projects listed above may have to be discontinued due to scientific and / or commercial
reasons and will not result in commercialized products. It is also possible that the requisite U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA),
European Medicines Agency (EMA) or other regulatory approvals will not be granted for these compounds. Moreover, we regularly
review our research and development pipeline so that we can give priority to advancing the most promising pharmaceuticals
projects.
2

Below are the most significant changes that occurred in 2017 compared with the previous year:
In July 2017, Bayer began the ASTEROID Phase III clinical trial program to investigate the development candidate vilaprisan in women with symptomatic uterine fibroids. Vilaprisan is a novel
orally dosed, selective progesterone receptor modulator developed by Bayer for enabling longterm treatment of uterine fibroids.
In October 2017, Bayer and its development partner Janssen Research & Development, LLC,
announced that the Phase III NAVIGATE ESUS trial had been terminated ahead of schedule. The
trial investigated the efficacy and safety of rivaroxaban (tradename: Xarelto™) for the secondary
prevention of strokes and systemic embolisms in patients who had recently suffered an embolic
stroke of unknown origin. Following a planned interim analysis conducted by the independent
Data Monitoring Committee (DMC), the DMC recommended that the trial be terminated early since
the efficacy of rivaroxaban compared with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) was similar in the treatment
groups and offered only limited potential for clinical benefit to patients if the trial continued.
In November 2017, the results of the global Phase III clinical study program INHALE, which investigated Amikacin Inhale in intubated and mechanically ventilated patients with Gram-negative
pneumonia in addition to standard treatment, were announced. Amikacin did not demonstrate any
clinical superiority versus the standard treatment in combination with an aerosolized placebo.
Neither the primary endpoint nor the secondary endpoints were achieved. Amikacin Inhale is the
development name for a drug-device combination comprising a specially formulated Amikacin
inhalation solution and a patented synchronized inhalation system with a vibrating mesh nebulizer.

69

70

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

Bayer terminated its research into Amikacin Inhale and the associated cooperation with Nektar
Therapeutics, Inc.
Following the recommendation of an independent data monitoring committee, Bayer in November
2017 unblinded ahead of schedule a Phase III trial of radium-223 dichloride in combination with
abiraterone acetate and prednisone / prednisolone in patients with metastatic castration-resistant
prostate cancer. The reason for this recommendation was the observance of an imbalance in
terms of more fractures and deaths in the treatment arm investigating radium-223 in combination
with abiraterone acetate and prednisone / prednisolone.
In December 2017, on the basis of positive Phase II data, Bayer launched a Phase III clinical
study program in Japan that investigates the development candidate molidustat in patients with
renal anemia. Molidustat is an inhibitor of the enzyme hypoxia-inducible factor-prolyl hydroxylase
(HIF-PH) that stimulates the production of erythropoietin and the formation of red blood cells.
There is currently a study program investigating the efficacy and safety of rivaroxaban for the
treatment and secondary prevention of venous thromboembolism in children. Timely and successful completion of this program would extend patent protection for Xarelto™ in Europe and the
United States by a further six months.
Filings and approvals
We regularly evaluate our research and development pipeline in order to prioritize the most promising pharmaceutical projects. Following the completion of the required studies with a number of
these drug candidates, we submitted applications to one or more regulatory agencies for approvals or approval expansions. The most important drug candidates in the approval process are
shown below.
A 1.3/5

Main Products Submitted for Approval

1

Projects

Indication

Damoctocog alpha pegol
(long-acting rFVIII)

Europe, U.S.A., Japan: hemophilia A

Rivaroxaban

Europe, U.S.A.: prevention of major adverse cardiac events (MACE), COMPASS
study

Rivaroxaban 2

U.S.A.: secondary prophylaxis of acute coronary syndrome (ACS), rivaroxaban
in combination with dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT); ATLAS trial

1
2

As of January 26, 2018
Submitted by Janssen Research & Development, LLC

In August 2017, Bayer received approval from the European Commission to modify the prescribing information for the oral Factor Xa inhibitor Xarelto™ (active ingredient: rivaroxaban) based on
data from the PIONEER Phase III study. The information contains a dosage recommendation for
patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation who undergo percutaneous coronary intervention with
stent placement and require oral anticoagulation.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

Also in August 2017, the European Commission approved the oral multikinase inhibitor Stivarga™
(active ingredient: regorafenib) for an additional indication. The approval relates to the treatment of
adult patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) who had previously been treated with
Nexavar™ (active ingredient: sorafenib). Stivarga™ is the first medicine to show a significant improvement in overall survival in second-line treatment of patients with HCC for whom there was
previously no further treatment option. The product had been approved for second-line treatment
of HCC in the United States in April 2017 and in Japan in June 2017.
In early September 2017, Bayer applied for marketing authorization to the European Medicines
Agency (EMA) for the long-acting site-specifically PEGylated recombinant human Factor VIII
(damoctocog alfa pegol) for the treatment of patients with hemophilia A. The regulatory submission is based on the data from the PROTECT VIII trial. In that trial, damoctocog alfa pegol offered
patients protection from bleeds when used prophylactically once every seven days, once every
five days, or twice per week. Bayer had already submitted an application for an authorization to
manufacture biopharmaceutical products (Biologics License Application, BLA) for damoctocog alfa
pegol to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in August 2017. In October 2017, Bayer
submitted an application for the authorization of damoctocog alfa pegol in Japan as well.
In September 2017, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) likewise granted Bayer approval
for copanlisib, which will be sold under the tradename Aliqopa™ in the future, for the treatment of
previously treated patients with relapsed follicular B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma. The accelerated
approval was granted based on the results of the CHRONOS-1 Phase II trial including 142 patients with indolent non-Hodgkin lymphoma (iNHL) whose disease had relapsed after two previous
treatments, of which 104 patients had follicular B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma. The approval
was issued on the basis of the overall response rate and must still be confirmed in a further trial.
Copanlisib is an intravenous pan-class I phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI3K) inhibitor with predominant inhibitory activity against PI3K-α and PI3K-δ isoforms.
Based on data from the EINSTEIN CHOICE Phase III study, in October 2017 Bayer and its development partner Janssen Research & Development, LLC, received additional marketing approval
from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the oral Factor Xa inhibitor Xarelto™ (active
ingredient: rivaroxaban) in the United States for a once-daily 10 mg dose of rivaroxaban for longterm prevention of recurrent venous thromboembolism. The authorization is for patients at continued risk of deep vein thrombosis and / or pulmonary embolism who have already received at least
six months of standard anticoagulation therapy. The European Commission granted corresponding approval for Xarelto™ in October 2017.
In November 2017, Bayer submitted a further application for Xarelto™ to the European Medicines
Agency (EMA) for a vascular dose of rivaroxaban in combination with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) for
the treatment of chronic coronary artery disease (CAD) or peripheral artery disease (PAD). This
application is based on the results of the COMPASS Phase III clinical study. This demonstrated
that a twice-daily dose of 2.5 mg rivaroxaban in combination with 100 mg ASA once a day
reduced the combined risk of stroke, cardiovascular death and heart attack by an unprecedented
24% (relative risk reduction) in patients with CAD or PAD, compared with a once-daily dose of
100 mg ASA. In the United States, the application for marketing approval was submitted to the
FDA in December 2017.
In December 2017, our cooperation partner Loxo Oncology, Inc., United States, initiated the
submission of a rolling New Drug Application (NDA) for larotrectinib in the United States. The NDA
relates to the treatment of unresectable or metastatic solid tumors with NTRK-fusion proteins
in adults and children who require systemic therapy, where the disease has progressed following
prior treatment and there is no acceptable alternative treatment. Bayer and Loxo Oncology are
jointly developing larotrectinib. The active ingredient is in clinical development for cancers where
the tropomyosin receptor kinase (TRK) gene becomes connected to other, unrelated genes (gene
fusion). The rolling NDA submission is expected to be completed in early 2018.

71

72

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

Also in December 2017, Bayer obtained marketing approval in China for Stivarga™ (active ingredient: regorafenib) for the treatment of adult patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) who
have previously been treated with Nexavar™ (active ingredient: sorafenib). In the Phase III
RESORCE study (REgorafenib after SORafenib in patients with hepatoCEllular carcinoma),
regorafenib demonstrated a significant and clinically relevant improvement in overall survival in
second-line treatment of patients with HCC compared with a placebo. Regorafenib is the first
product to be approved in China for second-line treatment of HCC.
In December 2017, Bayer received a Complete Response Letter from the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration notifying it that its application for approval of the investigational drug product
ciprofloxacin DPI (Dry Powder for Inhalation) for the treatment of adults with non-cystic fibrosis
bronchiectasis (NCFB) cannot be approved in the present form. Bayer decided to discontinue
development of Cipro DPI in NCFB for the time being and will evaluate possible further options
for this asset.

See also A 1.3
“Global open innovation
network”

Cooperations
We augment our own research capacities through collaborations and strategic alliances with external industrial and academic research partners. In this way we gain access to complementary
technologies and external innovation potential.
In August 2017, Bayer and Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville, Tennessee, United
States, signed a five-year strategic research alliance to fight kidney disease. Both partners will
work together on identifying and developing new potential compounds for treating kidney
diseases. The goal is to rapidly transfer innovative approaches from the laboratory to preclinical
development.
In November 2017, Bayer and PeptiDream Inc., a publicly listed Japanese biopharmaceutical
company, concluded a drug discovery cooperation agreement. Their collaboration covers various
therapeutic areas such as oncology and cardiology, as well as classes of drug targets. Using
PeptiDream’s Peptide Discovery Platform System technology, the partners will be working together
to identify novel drug discovery candidates for target structures that are difficult to address.
Also in November 2017, Bayer signed a global exclusive cooperation agreement with the biopharmaceutical company Loxo Oncology, Inc., Stamford, Connecticut, United States, for the development and commercialization of larotrectinib (LOXO-101) and LOXO-195. Both compounds
are being investigated in global studies for the treatment of patients with cancers harboring tropomyosin receptor kinase (TRK) gene fusions, which are genetic alterations across a wide range
of tumors resulting in uncontrolled TRK signaling and tumor growth.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

The following table shows examples of the main cooperations.
A 1.3/6

Main Cooperations in 2017
Partner

Cooperation objective

Broad Institute

Strategic partnership in the field of genome and drug research in
cardiology aimed at using findings from human genetics to develop new
cardiovascular therapies and in the field of oncology to identify and
develop active ingredients that target tumor-specific gene alterations

German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ)

Strategic partnership for the investigation and development of new
therapeutic options in oncology, especially in immunotherapy

Evotec AG

Collaboration to identify development candidates for the treatment of
endometriosis and kidney diseases

ImmunoGen, Inc.

Development of antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) for novel tumor
therapies

Janssen Research & Development,
LLC of Johnson & Johnson

Development of Xarelto™ (rivaroxaban)

Loxo Oncology, Inc.

Development and marketing of larotrectinib (LOXO-101) and LOXO-195
for the treatment of cancer patients with a mutation of the TRK gene

Merck & Co., Inc.

Development and marketing collaboration in the field of soluble guanylate
cyclase (sGC) modulation

MorphoSys AG

Development of antibody-drug conjugates using MorphoSys’s HuCAL
technology

Orion Corporation

Development of darolutamide (previously ODM-201) for the treatment of
patients with prostate cancer

PeptiDream Inc.

Active ingredient research in various therapeutic areas and target classes
with the help of PeptiDream's Peptide Discovery Platform System
technology

Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Development of Eylea™ (aflibercept) to treat various eye diseases
Development of a combination therapy of the angiopoietin2 (Ang2)
antibody nesvacumab and aflibercept for the treatment of serious eye
diseases

Vanderbilt University Medical Center

Strategic research alliance to identify and develop new potential active
ingredients for the treatment of kidney diseases

In April 2017, Bayer decided not to exercise its option for further development and marketing of
biopharmaceutical Wnt pathway inhibitors vantictumab (OMP-18R5) and ipafricept (OMP-54F28)
as part of the partnership between Bayer and OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc., United States. The
small molecule program under the companies’ collaboration continues without change.

73

74

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

Online Annex: A 1.3-4
A 1.3-4/1

Other Cooperations in 2017
Partner

Cooperation objective

BioInvent International AB

Access to antibody library with in-licensing of antibodies

Compugen Ltd.

Collaboration for the research and development of new immunotherapy
approaches in oncology

Dimension Therapeutics, Inc.

Development of a novel gene therapy for hemophilia A

Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Clinical development of the antisense molecule IONIS-FXIRx for the
prevention
of thrombosis and development of IONIS-FXI-LRx in the preclinical phase

Leica Biosystems Ltd.

Development of diagnostic tests in personalized oncology treatment

Ludwig Boltzmann Institute

Research into lung vascular disease, especially pulmonary hypertension

Merck & Co., Inc.

Codevelopment of tedizolid to treat various infections

Nektar Therapeutics 1

Codevelopment of a targeted antibiotic inhalation therapy for lung
infections
(Amikacin Inhale)

Novartis AG

Development of a targeted antibiotic inhalation therapy for lung infections
(ciprofloxacin DPI)

OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Discovery and development of novel anticancer stem cell therapeutics

Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
of Amgen, Inc.

Codevelopment of Nexavar™ (sorafenib) for various types of cancer

Peking University

Research cooperation and establishment of a research center for joint
projects

Seattle Genetics, Inc.

Access to technologies for antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) for novel
tumor therapies

Tsinghua University

Research cooperation and establishment of a research center for joint
projects

University of Oxford

Strategic research alliance for the development of novel gynecological
therapies

Ventana Medical Systems, Inc.

Development of diagnostic tests in personalized oncology treatment

Wilmer Eye Institute
of Johns Hopkins University

Research and development of innovative drug products to treat serious
back-of-the-eye diseases

1

Terminated in December 2017

Consumer Health
Bayer worldwide;
see also A 1.1.1/1

See also A 1.1.2

Group target 2017:
transition of 25
consumer-validated
concepts into early
development

See also A 1.2.1 for
information on the term
sustainability

At Consumer Health, we concentrate on developing new nonprescription (OTC) products and
solutions that improve the health and well-being of consumers in the areas of pain relief, dermatology, dietary supplements, digestive health, allergy relief and cold symptoms, as well as foot
care and sun care. The focus lies on product developments that are aligned to the desires and
needs of consumers. Our innovations range from new product formulations and packaging to
technical applications and medical devices. In 2017, we developed around 50 new consumervalidated concepts, significantly exceeding our plans for the year. Consumer Health maintains a
global network of research and development facilities, with sites in the United States, France,
Germany and China. Another important part of our strategy is transferring current prescription
medicines that are suitable for self-care to OTC status (Rx-to-OTC switches).

Crop Science
At Crop Protection, we pursue the goal of identifying and developing innovative, safe and sustainable active ingredients for use as insecticides, fungicides, herbicides and crop efficiency products
for foliar and soil application as well as seed treatment. These substances also undergo further
development for professional applications outside of farming (Environmental Science), such as in
pest control and vector control to combat diseases transmitted by mosquitoes. They are also
used to control weeds and maintain sport facilities and public parks. At Seeds, meanwhile, we are
conducting research and development for optimized plant traits and are developing new varieties
in cotton, oilseed rape / canola, soybeans, rice, wheat and vegetables. Our scientists are working
on increasing the yield potential of crops, enhancing their quality and developing new herbicide

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

75

1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

tolerance and insect resistance traits based on novel modes of action, and improving tolerance
against disease and extreme weather conditions.
Crop Science maintains a global network of research and development facilities. While research is
carried out centrally at a number of dedicated sites, development of crop protection products as
well as plant breeding and trait development activities take place both at these sites and at numerous field testing and breeding stations in all regions. Our scientists working across the areas of
seed traits, seed technology, seed breeding, agricultural chemistry and biologics closely collaborate as part of our integrated research approach. This optimally combines our complementary
expertise in chemistry and biology.

Bayer worldwide; see
also A 1.1.1/1

To provide farmers with sustainable agronomic recommendations, we develop digital products
and services that support them through the use of specific data models, among other things, in
evaluating conditions in the field. Our long-term goal is to help farmers to improve their yields by
providing them with tailored recommendations.
Research and development pipeline
Our product pipeline contains numerous new crop protection products, seed varieties and
enhanced products (life cycle management). We estimate the combined peak sales potential of
products with launch dates between 2015 and 2020 to be more than €5 billion. In 2017, we
launched confirmatory technical proof-of-concept field studies for two new active ingredients.
For 2018, we are setting ourselves the target of launching confirmatory technical proof-ofconcept field studies for three to four chemical / biological active ingredients or plant traits 1. The
following table shows selected new products that are expected to be launched by 2020.

Group target 2017:
transfer of three new
molecular entities
(NMEs), plant traits or
biologics into confirmatory technical proof-ofconcept field studies;

See also A 1.2.1
A 1.3/7

Product Innovation Pipeline 1
Market launch

Product group

Indication / crop

Product / plant trait

2018

Chemical and biological
crop protection

Insecticide / SeedGrowth

Poncho / VOTiVO 2.0

2019

Seeds

Rice

Salt and flood tolerance (native trait)

2019

Chemical crop protection

Insecticide

Tetraniliprole

2019

Chemical crop protection

Fungicide

TiviantTM

2019

Seeds

Oilseed rape / canola

Herbicide tolerance

2019

Seeds

Oilseed rape / canola

New oil profile (native trait)

2019

Seeds

Rice

Dual disease tolerance (native trait)

2019

Seeds

Soybeans

Triple herbicide tolerance

2020

Seeds

Oilseed rape / canola

Dual herbicide tolerance (1)

2020

Seeds

Oilseed rape / canola

Dual herbicide tolerance (2)

1

Planned market launch of selected new products
As of September 11, 2017

1

We define a new plant trait as a specific characteristic that has not previously been available at Bayer for the crop plant in question.

76

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

New products and registrations
In 2017, Crop Science received marketing authorization in numerous countries for new mixtures
and formulations, as well as for expanded indications for existing products.
In January 2017, the Ministry of Agriculture in China approved for import Balance™ GT soybeans
with the new herbicide tolerance trait. Crop Science and MS Technologies LLC, which owns the
rights to Balance™ GT, are codeveloping it as part of a cooperation agreement. The launch of
the full Balance™ GT / Balance™ Bean system, including the corresponding herbicide, is planned
for 2018 in the United States, the world’s top soybean producer, pending the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) commercial label registration of Balance™ Bean anticipated in 2018.
Furthermore, the new TwinLink™ Plus cotton technology was launched on the U.S. market in
2017. With three modes of action against insect pests added to the double herbicide tolerance,
it provides season-long protection and further improves resistance management. In April 2017,
Bayer received regulatory approval for the biological nematicide BioAct™ Prime DC in Greece.
The new substance is intended for use in a variety of fruit and vegetables and directly targets
eggs and larvae from nematode pests. Further approvals are planned in other European countries.
In May 2017, we launched a new rice seed in India that offers pest resistance and disease tolerance. The market launch in the Philippines is planned for 2018. In June 2017, we launched a rice
seed in Bangladesh that offers flood tolerance.
Major success can be achieved with vegetables and many broad-acre crops using conventional
and molecular plant breeding methods. As vegetables are intended especially to be marketed and
eaten fresh, merchants and consumers have particularly strict requirements and expectations
regarding their taste, appearance, nutrient content and shelf life. We continuously launch new
vegetable seed varieties with these quality traits, such as the Sweet Spark cantaloupe variety
developed in conjunction with U.S. retailer Walmart, Inc. In addition, we launch numerous new
broad-acre crop varieties every year.
Environmental Science also launched new products in 2017. These included the Exteris™ fungicide for the maintenance of golf courses, as well as Altus™, which is designed to protect ornamental plants against insect pests. We also expanded our Maxforce™ product range by adding
insecticides for pest control. Bayer BEYOND, a new digital service platform, automates the work
performed by pest controllers and enhances rodent monitoring through predictive analysis.

See also A 1.3
“Global open innovation
network”

Cooperations
Crop Science is part of a global network of partners from diverse segments of the agricultural
industry and academic research. In 2017, we entered into new research partnerships and extended existing collaborations. A selection of these is detailed below.
In June 2017, Bayer signed an agreement with Sumitomo Chemical Company Ltd., Tokyo, Japan,
for fungicide mixes used to control soybean diseases in Brazil. The goal of combining a new
Sumitomo Chemical fungicide with established Bayer fungicides is to develop an effective solution
for controlling widespread plant diseases such as soybean rust. The product registration applications were submitted in 2017 as expected.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

In June 2017, Bayer also signed a two-year research agreement with the Shanghai Institutes for
Biological Sciences (SIBS) of the Chinese Academy of Sciences to increase wheat yields using
new mathematical models and computer simulations for more efficient photosynthesis.
As part of their research cooperation, Bayer and KWS SAAT SE, Germany, granted a long-term
license to Belgian company SESVanderHave N.V. for their new CONVISO™SMART sugar beet
cultivation system in June 2017. The technology is based on conventionally bred sugar beet varieties with tolerance toward certain herbicides and helps to ease weed management.
In July 2017, Bayer and the Israeli company Netafim Ltd., which is based in Tel Aviv, joined forces
to enhance the application of crop protection products. The new approach, called DripByDrip,
will enable farmers to water their fields and apply crop protection products in a more targeted way
using Netafim's drip irrigation technology. We expect the solution to be launched in Mexico in
mid-2018.
In August 2017, Bayer and the Citrus Research and Development Foundation (CRDF), a nonprofit
organization supporting citrus growers in Florida, United States, signed a research collaboration
agreement to find solutions to citrus greening plant disease currently threatening the global citrus
production and juice industry.
In addition, Bayer and Rothamsted Research, Harpenden, United Kingdom, formed a strategic
alliance in August 2017 to develop digital solutions aimed at detecting and sustainably managing
pests, pathogens and weeds.
Bayer and the nonprofit organization Quantified Planet, Vaxholm, Sweden, signed a licensing and
cooperation agreement in August 2017. Under the agreement, Bayer is providing proprietary,
crowd-sourced data from more than 70 countries on certain plant varieties and their location,
prevalence and distribution. Quantified Planet makes these data available worldwide for use in
scientific research in the field of biodiversity.
Bayer and Robert Bosch GmbH, Germany, signed a three-year cooperation agreement in September 2017, with the objective of developing a smart spraying technology to make the application of crop protection products more efficient and facilitate a more targeted use of herbicides.
Bayer and the Greek Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, which forms part of the
Foundation of Research and Technology Hellas (IMBB-FORTH), announced a five-year research
collaboration in September 2017. This collaboration will seek to investigate insect gut physiology
for the development of new insecticides.

77

78

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.3 Focus on Innovation
Augmented Version

The following table provides an overview of strategically important long-term cooperations that are
currently ongoing.
A 1.3/8

Crop Science: Important Cooperations
Partner

Cooperation objective

Citrus Research Development
Foundation

Search for solutions to citrus greening disease, which currently threatens the
global citrus production and juice industry

Commonwealth Scientific and
Industrial Research Organisation
(CSIRO)

Increase in wheat yields by means of native plant traits – discovery, validation
and integration

Elemental Enzymes AG

Use of microbes to improve soil health and thereby increase crop productivity

Embrapa

Cooperation on several R&D objectives in various areas of relevance for
agriculture in Brazil, e.g. Asian soybean rust

Jülich Research Center

Research collaboration focused on phenotyping for plant breeding, research into
plant traits and the development of biologicals

Grains Research and
Development Corporation
(GRDC)

Herbicide Innovation Partnership for the discovery and development of
innovative weed management solutions

Innovative Vector Control
Consortium (IVCC)

Joint development of new substances to control mosquitoes that transmit
diseases such as malaria and dengue fever

Quantified Planet

Licensing and cooperation agreement under which Bayer will make freely
available proprietary, crowd-sourced data from more than 70 countries on
certain plant varieties and their location, prevalence and distribution

Robert Bosch GmbH

Research collaboration focused on developing a smart spraying technology to
make the application of crop protection products more targeted and thus more
efficient

Rothamsted Research

Strategic framework agreement to support a digital revolution for detecting and
sustainably managing biotic threats such as pests, pathogens and weeds

Targenomix GmbH

Development and application of systems biology approaches to achieve a better
understanding of metabolic processes in plants and facilitate the development of
new herbicides and safeners

You can find details of our open innovation initiatives Grants4Targets™ and Grants4Traits™ in
A 1.3 “Global Open Innovation Network.”

Animal Health

www.cvbd.org/

At Animal Health we focus our research and development activities on antiparasitics, antibiotics,
medicines to treat noninfectious disorders and nonantibiotic alternatives for infectious diseases.
We improve the health and well-being of companion and farm animals through innovations. Animal
Health pursues the “one health” concept: We offer animal health products that reduce the risk of
transmission of disease pathogens to humans, such as endoparasiticides for cats and dogs or
ectoparasiticides to protect especially against fleas and ticks. Through our initiative focusing on
companion vector-borne diseases (CVBDTM) and with the leading global scientists who participate
in this initiative, we are setting trends in basic research and the fight against vector-borne diseases. In our central research activities, we cooperate closely with the research departments at
Pharmaceuticals and Crop Science.
New products and registrations
In January 2017, the European regulatory authorities approved PolyVarTM yellow, a new product to
protect honey bees against the Varroa mite. This decision was implemented in national law in
more than 20 countries during the year.
Cooperations
Animal Health also reinforces its business by continually identifying further product development
candidates through new and existing collaborations. We work closely together with our partners in
areas such as the development of innovative technologies, application innovations and lead structure optimizations.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

79

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Augmented Version

1.4 Sustainable Conduct
1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Attracting, developing and retaining the best employees
Defining our corporate culture through dialogue, diversity
and innovation
Advancing knowledge and leadership skills
Unreserved commitment to supporting human rights
Wide-ranging societal engagement

1.4.1.1 Employees
Bayer’s business success is based to a large extent on the knowledge, skills, commitment and
satisfaction of our employees. As an employer we offer our employees attractive conditions and
wide-ranging individual development opportunities such as a highly effective system of vocational
and ongoing training. Alongside professional training, we focus on conveying our corporate values
(LIFE) and establishing a dialogue-oriented corporate culture based on trust, respect for diversity
and equality of opportunity. Our responsible approach to structuring working conditions includes
fair treatment at work, a transparent and equitable compensation system, company pension
plans, the ability to combine working with family commitments, flexible worktime arrangements
and a working environment that fosters health.
These are the cornerstones of our global human resources strategy, which is designed to safeguard
and expand our business activities. They strengthen our competitiveness, and also reflect our social responsibility to provide secure employment and stable incomes, and to foster social cohesion.
In this way, we want to recruit and retain the best employees for Bayer. Responsibility for the human resources strategy falls within the remit of the primary decision-making body of Bayer’s HR
function, which sets binding policies and defines priorities for all regions and organizational units.
We measure employees’ satisfaction with Bayer as an employer with the help of institutionalized
feedback discussions and the Group-wide Employee Survey, which is usually conducted about
every two years. This enables us to monitor the effectiveness of our activities and make any necessary improvements. Together with IBM as our new service provider, we have revised the concept for as well as the structure and the content of our 2017 Employee Survey. For this reason,
the results cannot be compared with those of previous years. The survey was completed by 80%
of employees worldwide. Bayer’s score of 79% on the Employee Engagement Index – collated
from responses to questions about satisfaction, loyalty, advocacy and pride – was eight percentage points above the global benchmark of provider IBM.

Group target:
continuous improvement
in employee satisfaction;
see also A 1.2.1

GRI G4-26

Employee data
Slight increase in Group employee numbers
On December 31, 2017, Bayer employed 99,820 (2016: 99,592) people worldwide. In Germany
we had 31,620 (2016: 30,603) employees, which was 31.7% of the total Group workforce (2016:
30.7%).
There was a reduction in the number of employees in the Latin America, Asia / Pacific and North
America regions, but an increase in the Europe / Middle East / Africa region. While the number of
employees in the segments decreased, there was an increase in the number included in the Reconciliation 1. This change was mainly due to the reorganization of the Group initiated in 2016. Employees in service functions, which were previously part of a segment, were assigned to the respective
units in the corporate functions and country platforms in 2017. The breakdown by function
1

Reconciliation encompasses all business activities – especially cross-segment service functions – that are not allocated to any of
our reporting segments

Bayer AG key data:
see also A 1.4.4

80

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Augmented Version

A 1.4.1.1/1

Employee Data
Total

2016

2017

Change
in %

99,592

99,820

0.2

2016

2017

Change
in %

by Region
52.5% Europe /
Middle East /
Africa

11.6% Latin America

22.9% Asia / Pacific

2017

13.0% North America

Europe / Middle
East / Africa

50,970

52,380

2.8

North America

13,212

13,001

– 1.6

Asia / Pacific

23,290

22,852

– 1.9

Latin America

12,120

11,587

– 4.4

2016

2017

Change
in %

Pharmaceuticals

40,093

38,295

– 4.5

Consumer Health

12,821

11,760

– 8.3

Crop Science

22,399

20,736

– 7.4

Animal Health

3,957

3,527

– 10.9

Reconciliation 1

20,322

25,502

25.5

2016

2017

Change
in %

by Segment

38.4% Pharmaceuticals

25.5% Reconciliation

3.5% Animal Health

2017
11.8% Consumer Health

20.8% Crop Science

by Function
9.5% General administration

Production

14.1% R&D

36.7% Marketing and
distribution

2017

39.7% Production

40,288

39,669

– 1.5

Marketing &
distribution

36,783

36,622

– 0.4

R&D

14,213

14,041

– 1.2

General
administration

8,308

9,488

14.2

by Gender

Women

59.8% Men

2017

40.2% Women

by Age Group in %
30

2017

2016

2017

20,577

21,366

30,393

31,014

North America

5,645

5,620

7,567

7,381

Asia / Pacific

8,804

8,758

14,486

14,094

Latin America

4,477

4,354

7,643

7,233

Total

39,503

40,098

60,089

59,722

27 27

Voluntary

23 23

25

15 14

10

4

5

0.1 0.1

< 20
2016

20 – 29

30 – 39

40 – 49

50 – 59

Total

2016

2017

2016

2017

Women

5.2

5.2

13.3

10.1

Men

4.5

4.5

13.1

10.7

Total

4.8

4.8

13.2

10.4

in %

15
5

2016
Europe / Middle
East / Africa

Fluctuation in %
30 30

20

Men

> 60

2017

2016 figures restated; number of employees in full-time equivalents (FTE)
1
Reconciliation encompasses all business activities – especially cross-segment service functions – that are not allocated to any of our reporting segments

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

81

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Augmented Version

shows more employees working in administration and a slight decrease in the number employees
working in production and research and development. The proportion of women in the workforce
increased by 0.5 percentage points to 40.2%. In 2017, there was no significant change in the age
structure compared with the previous year.
On the reporting date, our employees had worked for the Bayer Group for an average of ten years.
The rate of employee-driven terminations (voluntary fluctuation) in 2017, at 4.8%, was level with the
previous year’s figure. The overall fluctuation rate was 10.4%, a decrease of 2.8 percentage points
compared with the previous year. This figure includes all employer- and employee-driven terminations, retirements and deaths. This shows that we were again successful in retaining staff in the
company for long periods. Our workforce includes only a small number of employees on temporary
contracts (4.4%) and hardly any temporary employees from staffing agencies. Bayer uses temporary personnel from staffing agencies primarily in response to short-term personnel requirements,
fluctuations in order levels, temporary projects or long-term illness.
Online Annex: A 1.4.1.1-1
A 1.4.1.1-1/1
1

Employees by Employment Status, Region and Gender 2017
Permanent employees
Europe / Middle East / Africa

Temporary employees

Women

Men

Total

Women

Men

Total

20,209

29,449

49,658

1,156

1,566

2,722

North America

5,532

7,238

12,770

88

143

231

Asia / Pacific

8,488

13,577

22,065

270

517

787

Latin America

4,197

6,731

10,928

158

501

659

Total

38,426

56,995

95,421

1,672

2,727

4,399

1

The number of employees on either permanent or temporary contracts is stated in full-time equivalents (FTE).
Part-time employees are included on a prorated basis in line with their contractual working hours.

The next table contains further information on the breakdown of employee fluctuation by region,
gender and age.
A 1.4.1.1-1/2

Employee Fluctuation 1 by Region, Gender and Age

in %

Europe / Middle
East / Africa

North America

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

Asia / Pacific

Latin America

2017

2016

2017

Total
2016

2017

Women

9.8

7.9

16.0

10.7

18.3

14.2

16.3

12.3

13.3

10.1

< 30 2

18.4

17.9

18.3

16.9

21.2

18.0

23.0

16.1

20.1

17.7

30 – 49

9.6

7.0

14.4

10.0

16.9

12.3

14.9

12.0

12.6

9.3

>= 50 3

6.4

5.2

17.7

10.4

19.7

17.6

14.3

8.6

10.2

7.2

Men

7.9

7.0

16.2

11.3

20.1

15.0

17.7

17.2

13.1

10.7

< 30 2

19.7

16.3

23.9

20.0

29.5

22.9

28.9

39.5

25.3

22.3

30 – 49

7.0

6.1

12.5

10.2

18.1

13.3

14.0

13.3

11.7

9.6

>= 50 3

5.9

5.7

19.5

11.1

13.4

10.5

21.3

12.3

10.0

7.5

Total

8.6

7.4

16.1

11.0

19.4

14.7

17.2

15.4

13.2

10.4

2016 figures restated
1
The data include all employer- and employee-driven terminations, retirements and deaths.
2
The comparatively high proportion of employees in the <30 age group is due to the inclusion of employees on temporary
contracts (working for 2 – 6 months of the year) and other short-term employees. It does not include apprentices.
3
The fluctuation rates for the >= 50 age group are mainly due to retirements.

In Germany, temporary staff make up 2.4% of the total workforce. At our significant locations of
operation, the average is 4.5%.

Significant locations of
operation: see Glossary

82

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Augmented Version

Attracting, developing and retaining the best managers and employees
Employer branding targets both current and prospective employees
Innovations, changing customer requirements and a strong competitive environment are just
some of the reasons we welcome open-minded employees who question the status quo. Our
globally established employer brand “Passion to Innovate | Power to Change” describes our work
culture and makes clear what we expect of our employees and, at the same time, what we as a
company offer them.
We use our employer brand internally to enhance employee committment and externally to position the company on the employment market. Our excellent reputation as an employer is shown
by numerous external surveys and awards, including being named best employer in Germany,
Brazil and China in 2017.
In total, the Bayer Group hired 11,731 new employees in 2017.
Online Annex: A 1.4.1.1-2
A 1.4.1.1-2/1
1

New Hires by Region, Gender and Age
Europe / Middle
East / Africa

North America

2016

2017

2016

Women

2,148

2,595

< 30

1,057

1,162

30 – 49

986

1,273

>= 50

105

Men

Asia / Pacific

Latin America

Total

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

681

510

1,176

1,224

593

573

4,598

4,902

171

121

652

669

315

303

2,195

2,255

348

283

500

535

275

259

2,109

2,350

160

162

106

24

20

3

11

294

297

2,621

3,162

863

592

1,889

1,780

968

1,295

6,341

6,829

< 30

1,374

1,562

230

159

1,044

1,015

518

646

3,166

3,382

30 – 49

1,102

1,415

426

323

824

726

426

610

2,778

3,074

>= 50

145

185

207

110

21

39

24

39

397

373

Total

4,769

5,757

1,544

1,102

3,065

3,004

1,561

1,868

10,939

11,731

2016 figures restated
1
Converted into full-time equivalents (FTE)

www.bayer.com/career

www.bayer.com/training

Significant locations of
operation: see Glossary

High level of vocational and ongoing training
To meet the need for skilled employees, Bayer provides sound training in more than 20 different
occupations and offers more vocational training places than required to meet its needs. In 2017,
746 young people started a vocational training course at Bayer in Germany alone. In addition,
Bayer offers trainee programs in various areas for those embarking on a career and internships for
students around the world.
Furthermore, employees in all fields are able to take part in extensive ongoing training opportunities. We bundle our Group-wide continuing education offerings in the Bayer Academy, which offers both continuous professional training and systematic development of managerial employees
and has received numerous international awards.
On average, employees at our significant locations of operation received 23.4 hours of vocational
and ongoing training in 2017. In 2017, the average cost of training per employee was €418.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Augmented Version

Online Annex: A 1.4.1.1-3
A 1.4.1.1-3/1

Training Activities in Hours in 2017 by Employee Group and Gender

1

Women

Men

Total

Senior management

28.0

24.4

25.5

Junior management

32.1

27.5

29.5

Specialists

22.4

15.7

18.4

Overall average

25.8

19.5

22.1

Employee group

1

Selected training activities in the countries covered by the global training system, in which we generated approximately 80%
of our sales in 2017; the gender-specific averages assume 50% women and 50% men for the United States and Japan as
statutory regulations preclude differentiation by gender in these countries.

Feedback on employee performance
Specific and differentiated feedback forms the basis for positive personal development. Bayer
encourages a culture of candid feedback to help employees achieve their individual goals. This is
supported by a Group-wide performance management system.
In feedback discussions, employees have the opportunity to receive feedback from their supervisors on fulfillment of their professional and behavioral objectives. This assessment also determines
one-third of their variable compensation. In 2017, about 70.6% of our total workforce participated
in these feedback discussions. Of the participants, 45% were female and 55% male.
Wide-ranging career opportunities
Thanks to our wide-ranging business activities, we offer employees throughout the Group good
opportunities for development. Regular Development Dialogues between employees and supervisors provide an opportunity to discuss the employees’ further career development perspectives.
Some 36,112 Development Dialogues were held and documented in 2017. A total of 34% of
employees participated in Development Dialogues. Vacancies throughout the Bayer Group, from
nonmanagerial right up to management level, are advertised via a globally accessible platform.
International assignments are also an important element in employee development. Around 940
employees around the world participated in international assignments in 2017.

Corporate culture: dialogue, diversity, innovation
Ethical standards
Fairness and respect are central elements of our corporate culture. That includes observing
Group-wide standards of conduct and protecting employees from discrimination, harassment and
retaliation. These standards are set forth in our Corporate Policy “Fairness and Respect at Work.”
With the help of training, videos and our internal websites, Bayer employees around the world are
provided with guidance on how to comply with this corporate policy.
Child and forced labor are strictly prohibited at Bayer in accordance with the core labor criteria of
the International Labour Organization (ILO). This prohibition is set out in our binding Human Rights
Policy and applies Group-wide.

See also A 1.4.1.2

Communication at all levels
Employees can use the internal crowdsourcing platform WeSolve to pose questions relating to
internal matters at Bayer. These are then answered together with other employees with whom the
person asking the question does not normally have any contact.
We involve our employees in business processes through active dialogue. Informing staff promptly
and extensively about upcoming changes, in compliance with the applicable national and international regulations, is very important to us. We engage in open and trustful dialogue with employee
representatives.

GRI G4-26

83

84

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Augmented Version

Online Annex: A 1.4.1.1-4

The main dialogue formats are regular employee assemblies, information events for managers
and the European Forum, at which employee representatives from all European sites engage in
discussion with the Board of Management on issues of central relevance to the company. Our
employees have the opportunity to discuss company-specific issues and scope for optimization
via various communication channels.

GRI G4-26

To promote a culture of innovation at the workplace, two platforms for making work-related
suggestions are available to employees in Germany: the Bayer Ideas Pool and the Ideas Forum.
The suggestions made by employees on improving processes, occupational safety and health
protection are rewarded and utilized. More than 3,200 ideas were submitted in 2017. Around
47% of the suggestions for improvement evaluated in 2017 were implemented. In the first year
of implementation alone, those improvements that led to quantifiable benefits generated savings of more than €1.5 million. In 2017, Bayer distributed bonuses of around €790 thousand for
the implemented proposals.

Diversity, Group Leadership Circle, senior management: see Glossary

Group targets 2020:
increase in the proportion of senior managers
from outside the E.U.,
the U.S.A. and Canada
to 25%;
increase in the proportion of women in senior
management to 35%

See also A 4.1
See also A 1.2.1

Diversity and internationality are hallmarks of Bayer
We promote a diverse employee structure, through which we gain a better understanding of
changing markets and consumer groups, get access to a broader pool of talented people and
benefit from enhanced innovative and creative abilities.
That is why mutual understanding and a gender and cultural balance are important success factors at Bayer. Overall, the Group employs people from around 150 different nations. Around 21%
of our senior managers come from outside Western Europe, the United States and Canada. We
aim to increase this to 25% by 2020 in accordance with our Group target. At our significant locations of operation we hired 330 employees for senior management in 2017, 70% of whom are
employed in their country of origin. The Group Leadership Circle currently comprises 29 nationalities, with around 66% of its members coming from the country in which they are employed.
Bayer for many years has endeavored to achieve a better gender balance in management.
By the end of 2017, Bayer had raised the proportion of women at senior management level to
more than 32% (2016: 31%). In line with our Group target, we aim to raise this to 35% by 2020.
Information on diversity in our Board of Management and our Supervisory Board can be found in
our Corporate Governance Report.
Online Annex: A 1.4.1.1-5

The next table shows the proportion of men and women in various employee categories.
A 1.4.1.1-5/1
A 1.4.1.1-5/2

Bayer Group Workforce Structure

Proportion of Women
in the Workforce 2017
in %

40

Women
2016
68

60
32

Total
(99,820 FTEs)

1

Senior
management
(10,195 FTEs)

2017

Men
2016

2017

Total
2016

2017

Senior management

2,974

3,297

6,605

6,898

9,579

10,195

Junior management

10,498

11,139

14,295

14,536

24,793

25,675

Skilled employees

26,031

25,662

39,189

38,288

65,220

63,950

Total

39,503

40,098

60,089

59,722

99,592

99,820

703

649

1,416

1,386

2,119

2,035

Apprentices

2016 figures restated
1
Number of employees converted into full-time equivalents (FTE)

Women
Men

The proportion of women also increased in the Group Leadership Circle. By year end 2017, it
was made up of 18% women (2010: 7%) and 82% men (2010: 93%).

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

85

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Augmented Version

As a signatory to the United Nations Women’s Empowerment Principles and the Diversity Charter
corporate initiative, we pursue an inclusive approach. Diversity is integrated into all relevant human
resources processes and driven forward by the management.
Online Annex: A 1.4.1.1-6

The seven Women’s Empowerment Principles sum up how women can be strengthened in the
workplace, on the employment market and in the community. Furthermore, our company is also
a founding member of the German “Chefsache” network sponsored by German Chancellor
Angela Merkel. Its members are committed to working together to develop practically oriented
strategies to drive diversity and gender balance in their organizations.
As a socially responsible company, we are also committed to supporting the needs of people with
disabilities. We employ some 2,300 people with disabilities in 29 countries, representing around
2% of our total workforce. 40% are female and 60% male. Most employees with disabilities work
for our companies in Germany, where they made up 5.1% of the workforce in 2017.

Creating attractive working conditions
Competitive compensation and variable pay
Our compensation system combines a basic salary reflecting performance and responsibility with
elements based on the company’s success, plus extensive additional benefits. Adjustments based
on continuous benchmarking make our compensation internationally competitive. This includes,
among other things, the uniform evaluation of all managerial positions throughout the Group.
We attach great importance to equal pay for men and women, providing fair compensation and
informing our employees transparently about the overall structure of their compensation. Bayer
voluntarily pays employees on both permanent and temporary employment contracts in excess of
the statutory minimum wage in many of the countries in which we operate.
Online Annex: A 1.4.1.1-7

Binding and transparent compensation structures
At Bayer, individual salaries are based on each employee’s personal and professional abilities
and the level of responsibility assigned to them. At the managerial level, this is based on uniform evaluation of all positions throughout the Group using the internationally recognized Hay
method. In areas of the Group and jobs that fall within the scope of a binding collective bargaining agreement, there are no differences in pay based on gender either. This also applies for
the compensation of apprentices. In the Emerging Markets and developing countries, compensation levels are aligned to local market conditions. In the majority of cases, full- and part-time
employees at our significant locations of operation receive the same rates of pay. The situation
differs with regard to employees on temporary contracts as they are not entitled to long-term
compensation components such as pension plans in some countries.
Our compensation concept also includes variable one-time payments. Approximately €640 million
is earmarked for bonus awards to employees for 2017 under the Group-wide short-term incentive
(STI) program (2016: approximately €1,070 million for employees in continuing operations). In
many countries, employee stock programs enable our staff to purchase Bayer shares at a discount. We also offer senior managers throughout the Group “Aspire,” a uniform long-term compensation program based on the development of the share price.

Significant locations of
operation: see Glossary

Short-term incentive
program: see Glossary
Bayer AG key data:
see also A 1.4.4

86

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Augmented Version

See also Note 12 to
B Consolidated Financial
Statements

See also Note 25 to
B Consolidated Financial
Statements

Our personnel expenses for continuing operations amounted to €9,528 million in 2017 (2016:
€9,459 million). The change was mainly due to expenses related to compensation adjustments,
while bonus payments were considerably lower.
Alongside attractive compensation for their work, Bayer contributes to the financial security of its
present and former employees after their retirement. Personnel expenses in 2017 included pension expenses of €933 million. Payments of €1,051 million were made in 2017 to current retirees.
The value of total pension obligations at the end of 2017 was €24,492 million.

Bayer AG key data:
see also A 1.4.4

A 1.4.1.1/2

Personnel Expenses and Pension Obligations
€ million

2016

2017

Personnel expenses

9,459

9,528

880

933

Pension obligations 1

of which pension expenses

28,995

24,492

Pension benefits paid 2

1,041

1,051

2016 figures restated
1
Present value of defined benefit obligations for pensions and other post-employment benefits as at December 31; including
Covestro until December 31, 2016
2
Including Covestro until deconsolidation

Work-life balance
We offer our employees flexible working hours and support in child care and caring for close relatives. In many countries our commitment in this area goes beyond the statutory requirements.
In 2017, the Bayer Group had some 9,100 part-time employees, primarily in Europe.
This figure represents 9% of the total number of employees.
Online Annex: A 1.4.1.1-8
A 1.4.1.1-8/1

Percentage of Part-Time Employees by Region and Gender
Women

Men

Total

%

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

Europe / Middle East / Africa

22.9

23.2

10.1

10.8

15.4

16.0

North America

1.1

1.0

0.1

0.1

0.5

0.5

Asia / Pacific

3.0

3.4

0.2

0.3

1.3

1.5

Latin America

0.1

0.1

0.0

0.0

0.1

0.1

Total

13.1

13.5

5.2

5.7

8.4

8.9

2016 figures restated

Significant locations of
operation: see Glossary

Bayer enables both men and women to take parental leave. Since national parental leave regulations vary widely from country to country, we only compile data for our significant locations of
operation. 1,639 women and 950 men at these locations took parental leave in 2017. By the end
of the year, 1,977 employees on parental leave had returned to work.
Online Annex: A 1.4.1.1-9

The next table shows the number of employees who have returned after selecting either the
standard statutory parental leave program of up to three years per child or Bayer’s more farreaching “Family & Career” model (up to six years), using Germany as an example. By the end
of 2017, 60.9% had returned to work. 43.0% of women and 83.0% of men who have taken parental leave since 2015 have returned to work.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Augmented Version

A 1.4.1.1-9/1

Employees Returning from Parental Leave using Germany as an Example

Employees who have taken parental leave
since 2015

1

Women

Men

Total

% Absolute

% Absolute

% Absolute

55.2

1,021

44.8

830

100.0

1,851

Still on parental leave / with a dormant
employment contract

51.6

527

16.4

136

35.8

663

Returned by 2017

43.0

439

83.0

689

60.9

1,128

Terminated 1

5.4

55

0.6

5

3.2

60

Includes employees who have left the company due to employer- and employee-driven terminations, severance agreements
and expiration of contracts

Bayer has introduced uniform conditions for mobile working (home office) in Germany through a
General Works Agreement with the Works Council. Through the “BayZeit” long-term account in
Germany, employees can convert part of their salary into free time, which they can later take off to
care for children or close family members, or to take part in an advanced training course, for example. In 2017, this program was expanded to include offerings for trainees and family leave.
The General Works Agreement on caring for close relatives helps Bayer employees in Germany to
combine working with their role as carers through adapted worktime models and temporary paid
leave.
Initiatives to promote health and ensure safe working conditions
In 2017, Bayer adopted a new global framework concept to promote employee health and quality
of life (BeWell@Bayer). It expands the core aspect of health into a comprehensive approach, targets further improvements in the daily work environment and is intended particularly to help balance employees’ professional and private lives. We aim to provide employees in all countries with
access to affordable and targeted health offerings such as regular medical check-ups, sports
programs, rehabilitation and on-site medical care.
Our occupational health management activities include many regular preventive programs, ranging
from ergonomic workplaces and stress management to incentive systems to promote healthy
behavior. Established offerings such as the program to reduce the workload of older employees
have been extended until 2020. Our employee representatives are included in operational health
management and are actively involved in its development. We ensure safe working conditions and
thus an environment where our employees can work without fear and undertake international
business travel without risk.
Online Annex: A 1.4.1.1-10

Binding agreements at Group level
The Bayer European Forum – which brings together management and employee representatives – has signed the Luxembourg Declaration on Workplace Health Promotion in the E.U. This
involves a network of around 200 companies which aims to identify and share best practices
and encourages joint measures by employers, employees and society to improve health and
well-being at the workplace.
Group-wide initiatives in Germany include the updated General Works Agreements on lifetime
working and demographic change and on addressing demographic change at the nonmanagerial level at Bayer. These agreements contain a reduction in employee workloads that was extended to further age groups, as well as measures to ease the return to work of nonmanagerial
employees after long-term illness, and an extensive health screening program for all employees.
More than 98% of those who were eligible took part in the program to reduce the workload of
older employees in 2017.

87

88

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Augmented Version

A company pension plan
is available to

75%

Social responsibility for employees worldwide
A company pension plan is available to 75% of Bayer employees worldwide. The benefits provided
depend on the legal, fiscal and economic conditions in each country, employee compensation and
years of service. Almost 98% of our employees worldwide either have statutory health insurance
or can obtain health insurance through the company.

of Bayer employees.
Online Annex: A 1.4.1.1-11
A 1.4.1.1-11/1

Health Insurance and Pension Coverage
Health insurance 1
2016

%

Pension plans ²

2017

2016

2017

Europe / Middle East / Africa

98

98

84

85

North America

100

100

100

100

Asia / Pacific

95

95

45

46

Latin America

100

100

56

57

Total

98

98

74

75

2016 figures restated
1
Employer-assisted
2
Programs to supplement statutory pension plans

Our social responsibility is also reflected in our approach to restructuring, which includes efforts to
take account of our employees’ interests. In Germany, which remains Bayer’s largest operational
base with 31,620 employees, business-related dismissals are excluded through the end of 2020
for a large proportion of employees under an agreement with the employee representatives.
Employees at all Bayer sites around the world have the right to elect their own representatives. In
2017, the working conditions for around 63% of our employees worldwide were governed by
collective or company agreements. At various country companies, the interests of the workforce
are represented by elected employee representatives who have a right to be consulted on certain
personnel-related decisions. The contractually agreed working hours of our employees do not
exceed 48 hours a week in any country.
Online Annex: A 1.4.1.1-12
A 1.4.1.1-12/1

Percentage of Collective Agreements by Region

1

2016

2017

Europe / Middle East / Africa

82

84

North America

5

4

Asia / Pacific

53

52

Latin America

52

52

Total

62

63

%

2016 figures restated
1
Percentage of employees covered by collective agreements, especially on compensation and working conditions

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

89

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Augmented Version

1.4.1.2 Global Respect for Human Rights
Bayer fully supports human rights and has set out its stance in a binding corporate policy, Bayer’s
Position on Human Rights. We are committed to respecting and fostering human rights within our
sphere of influence and to reporting transparently on the results of our activities in this area. We
also expect our business partners, and particularly our suppliers, to fully observe human rights.
Our LIFE values and Corporate Compliance Policy also obligate all employees worldwide to conduct themselves fairly and in a compliant manner in dealings with colleagues, business partners
and members of the community.

www.bayer.com/
humanrights

Responsibility and management
The observance of human rights is an integral part of our sustainability management and our human resources strategy. Responsibility for this topic lies with the Board of Management member
responsible for Human Resources, Technology and Sustainability, who is assisted by the Sustainable Development Committee (SDC) and, as of 2018, the Group-wide Human Rights Panel, which
forms part of the SDC. Directives, processes, and management and monitoring systems control
the implementation of human rights standards in business operations.
Last year, we took a current inventory of our due diligence activities with respect to human rights
in our most important business processes and developed recommendations for action, particularly
in terms of our reporting on these activities. Observing human rights is a cross-cutting issue at
Bayer that impacts wide-ranging areas of influence and processes, such as:
> Employees:
> Diversity, compensation, fairness and respect at the workplace

See also A.1.4.1.1

> Prohibition of child and forced labor, and the right to freedom of association
> Safety:
> Health and safety at the workplace

See also A.1.4.3.2

> Plant safety to protect employees and the people who live near our production sites
> Product stewardship, also in relation to clinical studies and biodiversity
> Procurement:
> Sustainable supplier management, especially in terms of tackling child labor in the seed

See also A 1.3 Pharmaceuticals, including
A 1.4.3.1

supply chain and in conflict minerals
See also A 1.4.2.1

We report in more detail on the various facets of our due diligence with respect to human rights
in the relevant chapters.
Training and grievance mechanisms
We offer ongoing training programs to enhance employees’ awareness of the importance of human rights in their day-to-day activities. In 2017, more than 47% of our employees received training in aspects of our Human Rights Position in training sessions totaling around 190,000 hours.
Aspects of human rights are also covered in the training offerings for our suppliers.
The compliance organizations at the Group and country levels monitor compliance with our corporate policies. If there are signs of violations of our Human Rights Position, employees and members of the general public can contact the Bayer Compliance Officers at any time, even anonymously if desired. Alternatively, they can contact the worldwide compliance hotline.

See also A 4.2

90

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Augmented Version

Commitment
We engage in dialogue with other stakeholders on the topic of human rights and actively participate in committees and initiatives established to ensure their observance, such as the corresponding working groups of econsense, by contributing to discussions on implementing the National Action Plan (NAP) – Business and Human Rights and, in the supply chain, via our Together
for Sustainability (TfS) industry initiative and the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI).

ILO core labor
standards:
see Glossary

Furthermore, we are a founding member of the U.N. Global Compact and respect the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights and a range of globally recognized declarations applicable for multinational corporations. These include the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the Tripartite Declaration of Principles concerning Multinational Enterprises and Social Policy, and the core
labor standards of the International Labour Organization (ILO).
We also support the U.N. Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, which establish
global standards for preventing and combating possible human rights violations in connection with
business activities. Bayer has also signed the WASH at the Workplace Pledge of the WBCSD
(World Business Council For Sustainable Development) and thus undertakes to guarantee all our
employees worldwide access to clean water, sanitary facilities and hygiene.

1.4.1.3 Societal Engagement
Social innovation:
see Glossary

Bayer’s societal engagement focuses on people working in the areas of education and science
and health and social innovation who are committed to achieving a lasting improvement in living
conditions. This is also true of an additional funding priority: sports and culture. In 2017, we invested a total of around €49 million (2016: €43 million) in charitable activities worldwide. Our involvement in professional soccer does not form part of our social sponsorship activities.
Bayer conducts its foundation work through two foundations linked to the company: the Bayer
Science & Education Foundation for leading-edge research and talent promotion in the life sciences and medicine, and the Bayer Cares Foundation for social innovation and sustainable development.
An interdisciplinary functional unit is responsible for the strategic orientation and coordination of
our societal engagement. Group-wide donation allocation and management policies form the
basis for the foundation and donation activities. The Board of Management and internationally
leading experts as independent judges are involved in major funding decisions. We work together
with leading nongovernmental organizations, patient groups, foundations, scientific institutions,
education partners and networks of experts around the world to implement our initiatives.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

91

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Augmented Version

Online Annex: A 1.4.1.3-1
A 1.4.1.3-1/1

Societal Engagement in 2017

€19 million Health and social
innovation
€17 million Sports and culture

€

49

million
total

€13 million Science and education

Health and social innovation
Aspirin Social Innovation Award

The Bayer Cares Foundation again presented the Aspirin Social Innovation Award in 2017. This
award with total prize money of €100,000 per year is conferred around the world for groundbreaking solutions in the areas of health and nutrition. The supported initiatives are working on
new solutions in the areas of preventive medical treatment of malaria and breast and cervical
cancer, efficient nutrition, and communication options for blind people and families with autistic
children.
Strengthening volunteering worldwide

Under the auspices of its International Volunteering Program, the Bayer Cares Foundation supported 113 volunteering projects by employees in 44 countries in 2017. The total funding
amounted to more than €400,000. The selected projects help improve living conditions in the
immediate vicinity of the company’s sites.
Rapid assistance in the event of natural disasters

In 2017, Bayer again supported people experiencing acute hardship as a result of natural disasters with immediate aid and prevention projects. The total value of the donations of money,
medicines and goods made by the company exceeded €1.5 million.
Access to Medicine

We have implemented various Access to Medicine activities to meet our global responsibility to
society and enable people in developing countries and emerging markets to access our medical products.
Science and education
Groundbreaking achievements

The Bayer Science & Education Foundation honors pioneering achievements in basic medical
research with the Hansen Family Award. In 2017, the foundation presented the €75,000 award
to two scientists. Professor Jens Brüning of the Max Planck Institute for Metabolic Research in
Cologne and Professor Matthias H. Tschöp from the Helmholtz Diabetes Center in Munich were
honored for their groundbreaking research contributions in the areas of obesity and diabetes.

See Online Annex
A 1.2.1-1 in “Strategies
of the Segments –
Pharmaceuticals”

92

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.1 Commitment to Employees and Society
Augmented Version

Dr. David Seiffge from the Stroke Research Group in the Neurology Department at Basel University Hospital was honored with the Bayer Thrombosis Research Award. The physician was
presented with the award, which includes a monetary prize of €30,000, for his clinical work
pertaining to the management of non-vitamin-K-dependent oral anticoagulants (NOAK) in acute
stroke patients.
Getting young people excited about science

In the context of Bayer’s international talent promotion efforts, the Bayer Science & Education
Foundation awarded 65 scholarships to students and apprentices with a total volume of some
€417,000 in 2017. The funding mainly benefits international research projects. Overall, Bayer
implemented individually tailored school support programs in more than 20 countries, working
closely with universities, science museums and other educational organizations.
Under the auspices of its school support program, the Bayer Science & Education Foundation
provided total funding of around €419,000 to 41 projects in the areas surrounding the company’s sites. In this way, the company facilitated innovative teaching concepts at schools and
other educational facilities in 25 German cities, as well as education programs to facilitate the
integration of refugee children in Berlin and at the E.U.’s central refugee admission camp on the
Greek island of Samos.
At the four German Baylab student laboratories, more than 8,500 children and young people
took advantage of the company’s scientific offerings in 2017 to supplement their school instruction or as a vacation program. The company has additional Baylabs in Mexico, Poland, the
Netherlands, Romania, Bulgaria and, since 2017, the United Kingdom. The education program
is supplemented by advanced training for teachers and mobile Baylab programs such as those
in Argentina and South Africa.
Sports and culture
In 2017, Bayer extensively supported activities in the areas of recreational, disabled and competitive sports again. The Bayer sports clubs made a key contribution to the broad range of
sporting activities around the German sites in North Rhine-Westphalia. The 23 clubs have a total of nearly 43,000 members. The larger clubs were also intensely involved as professional service providers for the company’s occupational health management program.
In 2017, Bayer Arts & Culture again promoted artistic diversity through more than 120 music,
dance, theater and art events. Bayer continued to expand the stARTacademy, which offers
highly talented young artists comprehensive support – for example by bringing solo artists together with orchestras and providing financial assistance.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

93

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.2 Responsibility in Value Creation
Augmented Version

1.4.2 Responsibility in Value Creation
Sustainability criteria consistently anchored in the supply chain
Efficiency and flexibility in production and logistics strengthened
Ethical action shapes dialogue and partnership with our customers
We aim to offer our customers innovative products and high-quality solutions. This requires us to
efficiently and responsibly steer processes at all value creation stages: in procurement, in production, in logistics and in distribution.

1.4.2.1 Procurement and Supplier Management
The procurement organization supplies the company with raw materials, goods and services
all around the world. We exert influence on society and the environment through our procurement
activities and supplier relationships. Not only economic, but also ethical, ecological and social
principles are therefore anchored in our Procurement Policy, which is binding for all employees
worldwide.
Procurement is a corporate function, the head of which reports directly to the Chief Financial
Officer. Bayer has a diverse procurement portfolio due to the varying nature of its segments. Procurement acts centrally on behalf of all segments and leverages synergies by pooling know-how
and procurement spend.
The following table provides key data on our procurement activities.
A 1.4.2.1/1

Procurement Activities
2016

2017

Procurement spend in € billion

14.8

14.9

Spend in OECD countries (mainly Germany and U.S.A.) in € billion

12.2

12.2

Spend in non-OECD countries (mainly Brazil, India and China) in € billion

2.6

2.7

Number of suppliers

97,270

93,330

Number of countries

151

148

Bayer AG key data:
see also A 1.4.4

€

14.9 billion

Bayer’s procurement
spend in 2017

2016 figures restated

In our supply chain we take account of all types of suppliers and supplier diversity.
Procurement operates according to uniformly established procurement and supplier management
processes. Long-term contracts and active supplier management for strategically important goods
and services are important elements here. Thus, we not only minimize procurement-specific risks
such as supply bottlenecks or significant price fluctuations, but also safeguard the Group’s competitiveness and ensure smooth production processes. Close cooperation with and systematic
integration of selected suppliers in innovation processes gives Bayer access to innovative solutions.
Bayer purchases locally wherever possible in order to respond promptly to the requirements of
our sites, thereby simultaneously strengthening local economies. In 2017, this applied to 71%
(2016: 71%) of our procurement spend at our main business locations, and to 71% (2016: 71%)
of procurement spend in all countries worldwide. An overview of the main direct and productionrelated procurement materials in 2017 can be found online.

Local procurement:
see Glossary

94

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.2 Responsibility in Value Creation
Augmented Version

Online Annex: A 1.4.2.1-1
A 1.4.2.1-1/1

Main Direct Procurement Materials
Pharmaceuticals

Active ingredients (e.g. small molecules, biologics), radioactive ingredients (e.g. actinium,
radium), intermediates (e.g epoxy phthalimide), raw materials (e.g. iodine, cell culture media,
solvents), pharmaceutical excipients (e.g. celluloses, starches), packaging materials, medical
devices, finished products (e.g. Zetia)

Consumer Health

Active ingredients (e.g. naproxen sodium, loratadine, paracetamol), vitamins (e.g. vitamin C
and B), excipients and operation materials, finished products (e.g. CanestenTM,
Dr.Scholl’s TM, Berocca TM), packaging materials

Crop Science

Active ingredients (e.g. mancozeb), excipients and solvents (e.g. rapeseed oil, toluene,
ammonia), complex intermediates (e.g. pyridine polyfluoride), packaging materials

Animal Health

Finished products, active ingredients (e.g. moxidectin, praziquantel, Baycox-isocyanate),
packaging materials (e.g. Seresto TM tins, spot-on tubes), raw materials, excipients

Renewable raw materials play only a subordinated role at Bayer due to the company’s portfolio.
They are primarily used when it makes technical, economic and ecological sense to do so.
Online Annex: A 1.4.2.1-2

RSPO and
RTRS credits:
see Glossary

Bayer uses small amounts of palm (kernel) oil and soy derivatives in the formulation of active
ingredients or in active ingredient precursors. As part of our activities to promote sustainable
agriculture, we are a member of the Roundtables on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and Responsible Soy (RTRS). To support the production of certified sustainable palm (kernel) oil and soy,
we purchased RSPO and RTRS credits in 2017 according to the volumes we used.
Crop Science also cooperates intensively with the RTRS to provide mutual support in the certification of Brazilian soybean producers according to the high ecological, social and economic
criteria of the RTRS.
At Pharmaceuticals, a number of hormones are synthesized based on sterols that result during
the production of plant oils from soybeans, for example, as well as during wood processing.
We additionally purchase various steroids that are manufactured from diosgenin or its intermediate stages. This substance is usually obtained from yam grown in countries such as China.
We also use raw materials such as water, glucose, yeast, soybean starch, castor oil and corn
steep water in our fermentation processes.
Consumer Health uses extracts of plants to manufacture plant-based pharmaceuticals. We
take great care in the cultivation and extraction of raw materials, which are performed according to international standards, e.g. the GACP (Good Agricultural and Collection Practice) guidelines.
Bayer sustainability requirements defined in its Supplier Code of Conduct
Our supply chain is designed at both a global and regional level according to clear, sustainabilityoriented criteria and standards. Bayer regards adherence to these standards as a crucial valueadding factor and an important lever for minimizing risks. A four-step process is thus established
throughout the Group to improve sustainability practices in the supply chain, comprising the elements awareness-raising and supplier selection, evaluation and development. It is defined in a
special instruction and centrally steered by the Sustainability team in Procurement. The process is
implemented through cross-functional cooperation between the Procurement and the Health,
Safety & Sustainability corporate functions.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

95

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.2 Responsibility in Value Creation
Augmented Version

Our sustainability requirements are established in the Bayer Supplier Code of Conduct, which is
based on the principles of the U.N. Global Compact and our Human Rights Policy. It is available in
14 languages and covers the areas of ethics, labor, health, safety, environment and quality, and
management systems. The code lays out the general basis of cooperation with our suppliers and
is applied in their selection and evaluation.
The Supplier Code of Conduct is integrated into electronic ordering systems and contracts
throughout the Bayer Group. Furthermore, our standard supply contracts contain clauses that
authorize Bayer to verify suppliers’ compliance with our sustainability requirements.
Evaluating the sustainability performance of our suppliers
Bayer verifies the observance of the code requirements by our suppliers through online assessments and on-site audits by external auditors. Suppliers are selected for these evaluations based
on a combination of country and category risks as well as according to their strategic importance
in line with our Group targets.
Bayer’s goal was to have evaluated all strategically important suppliers by the end of 2017. This
group includes suppliers with a major influence on business in terms of, for example, procurement
spend and long-term collaboration prospects (three to five years). All in all, 99.5% (2016: 98%) of
these suppliers were evaluated, the missing coverage being due to fluctuations inherent in the
business. The remaining evaluations are scheduled to take place in the first quarter of 2018. By
2020, furthermore, we aim to evaluate all those suppliers with a significant procurement spend
(> €1 million p.a.) that are regarded as potentially high-risk suppliers due to their combined country and category risk. Our target attainment as of 2017 was 93% (2016: 83%). In the case of new
suppliers of this type, Bayer reserves the right to review their sustainability performance through
an online assessment or an on-site audit.

Group target 2017:
evaluation of all strategically important suppliers

Group target 2020:
evaluation of all potentially high-risk suppliers
with significant Bayer
spend; see also A 1.2.1

The online assessments are carried out on Bayer’s behalf by the service provider EcoVadis. The
assessment criteria correspond to the requirements of our code and also take into account country- and industry-specific conditions and supplier size. EcoVadis evaluated 622 (2016: 649) suppliers on our behalf in 2017.
In addition, 57 (2016: 52) of our suppliers were audited on-site by external, independent auditors
in 2017. The audit criteria include both the specifications of our code and industry-specific requirements that we have jointly laid out in the industry initiatives Together for Sustainability (TfS)
and the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI). The initiatives are intended to help standardize the sustainability requirements of suppliers in the chemical and pharmaceutical industries.
Synergies are also created through the exchange of assessment and audit results within the respective initiatives. This will help us achieve our target of developing and introducing a new sustainability standard for our suppliers by 2020.
Within the TfS initiative, a total of 1,794 (2016: 1,773) sustainability assessments were performed,
also through EcoVadis, in 2017, along with 441 (2016: 241) audits, including in China, Japan,
India and Brazil. Within the scope of PSCI the corresponding number of audits was 67 (2016: 51),
including in India, China and Russia.
In addition, Bayer auditors evaluate selected new and existing suppliers particularly with regard to
health, safety and environmental protection. Among others, these audits are performed on contract and toll manufacturing suppliers with an increased risk potential. A total of 115 (2016: 168)
suppliers were evaluated by Bayer auditors in 2017.

www.tfs-initiative.com
www.pscinitiative.org

Group target 2020:
development and
establishment of a new
sustainability standard
for our supply base;
see also A 1.2.1

96

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.2 Responsibility in Value Creation
Augmented Version

Bayer reserves the right to terminate a supplier relationship if especially critical sustainability
weaknesses have been identified during an online assessment or on-site audit and no improvement is observed during a re-evaluation. In 2017, Bayer was not prompted to end any supplier
relationship due solely to sustainability performance.
Online Annex: A 1.4.2.1-3
A 1.4.2.1-3/1

Assessments and Audits of Bayer Suppliers
2016

2017

Sustainability assessments 1 via the EcoVadis platform

649

622

Sustainability audits 2 by external auditors

52

57

Sustainability / HSE 3 audits by Bayer auditors

168

115

2016 figures restated
1
Initial and re-assessments of suppliers working for Bayer; initiated by Bayer and shared via EcoVadis as part of the TfS initiative
2
Initial and follow-up audits of suppliers working for Bayer; initiated by Bayer and shared as part of the TfS and PSCI initiatives
3
Health, safety, environment

The online assessments and on-site audits are analyzed and documented in order to define specific improvement measures in the case of unsatisfactory results. In 2017, this applied above all to
the categories of sustainable procurement and health and safety. In the event of critical results,
Bayer requests the suppliers to rectify the identified weaknesses within an appropriate period of
time based on specific action plans. Our regular monitoring shows that in 2017 348 of our 679
suppliers evaluated have improved their sustainability performance.
Online Annex: A 1.4.2.1-4

The online assessments undertaken by EcoVadis in 2017 identified a need for suppliers to improve particularly in the areas of sustainable procurement, environment and fair business practices. Suppliers who achieve less than 25 of 100 possible points are regarded as critical in
terms of their sustainability performance.
A 1.4.2.1-4/1

Results of Online Supplier Assessments by Category
Environment

5%

Labor practices and
human rights

2%

Fair business practices

5%

30%

29%

32%

53%

Valuation according to EcoVadis (in points):

10%

35%

31%

10

10%1%

53%

20

3%

15%

47%

2%

0

20%

55%

Sustainable procurement 7%

Total

42%

30

0 – 24

Number of suppliers assessed: 622 (as of December 31, 2017)

40

25 – 44

50

60

45 – 64

14%

70

65 – 84

80

90

85 – 100

100

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.2 Responsibility in Value Creation
Augmented Version

Audited suppliers demonstrated the greatest need for improvement in 2017 in the areas of
health & safety and management systems. This concerned both audits initiated by Bayer and
those shared within the TfS and PSCI initiatives. A supplier receives a critical result if a serious
violation or several major findings in sustainability performance are identified. In 2017, 20 suppliers (3% of all assessed and audited suppliers) showed a critical result with regard to their
sustainability performance.
Improvement measures in the supply chain taking effect

Through re-assessments or follow-up audits, we monitor the implementation of the improvements requested by us. In 2017, 550 suppliers underwent a re-assessment through the EcoVadis platform, of whom more than 60% improved their sustainability performance. Numerous
suppliers voluntarily undergo a re-assessment after successfully implementing corrective
measures. Ten follow-up audits verified sufficient rectification of previously identified deficiencies.
Additional verification processes were established for the fulfillment of further international regulations such as those requesting companies to disclose the origin of certain raw materials. This
concerns, for example, so-called conflict minerals from regions such as the Democratic Republic
of the Congo or neighboring countries. All 101 of our first-tier suppliers (2016: 117) who could
potentially be impacted by this issue have been checked. “Conflict-free” status was confirmed for
60% (2016: 53%) of them. It was agreed with the remaining suppliers that they must ensure compliance with the requirements.
Training measures and dialogue on the issue of sustainability
We support our procurement employees in the implementation of sustainability requirements with
targeted Group-wide training measures. We also offer our suppliers a wide range of development
and dialogue opportunities on this subject.

Conflict minerals:
see Glossary

GRI G4-26

Online Annex: A 1.4.2.1-5

Within the scope of our supplier sustainability evaluations, we have identified a country risk particularly for China and India. In this connection, we carried out intensive workshops and training
courses in India both for our local procurement personnel and for external auditors of the PSCI
Initiative. In China, Bayer used its Supplier Day 2017 to communicate its sustainability requirements. In 2017, we also conducted supplier training and workshops in China and India in cooperation with PSCI and TfS. Our two industry initiatives offer additional advanced training
modules for our suppliers through the TfS Supplier Academy and the PSCI Sustainability Webinars.
Tackling child labor in the seed supply chain
A key challenge is tackling child labor in the seed supply chain of the Crop Science segment. Our
position on child labor is unequivocal: Child labor is strictly prohibited at Bayer in accordance with
the core labor standards of the International Labour Organization (ILO). We therefore also obligate
our suppliers to strictly refrain from employing children.
Bayer has taken systematic action for years to prevent child labor in the cotton, rice and vegetable seed supply chain in India, Bangladesh, China, Thailand and the Philippines through its Child
Care Program and conducts inspections locally. This program is being established in those countries in which there could be cases of child labor in seed production based on our risk assessment. We raise awareness of the issue among our suppliers and clearly communicate our requirements. Risk assessments were undertaken in 2017 for countries such as Paraguay, Uruguay,
Argentina, Peru and Chile. The risk of child labor in our seed supply chain in those countries was
found to be low due to government-based monitoring and the extensive use of mechanized processes in seed production. However, Bayer also audits suppliers in these countries and sensitizes
our employees to this issue.

www.bayer.com/
child-care

97

98

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.2 Responsibility in Value Creation
Augmented Version

We recorded the majority of cases of child labor in India, which is why it is there that we implement most of our measures and inspections. The corporate auditor EY (formerly Ernst & Young),
India, additionally carries out unannounced visits to cotton seed producers in four Indian districts.
The absolute number of child labor cases was in decline until 2016. However in 2017, we detected an increase in cases of child labor among cotton hybrid seed suppliers in India. These cases
were identified predominantly among new suppliers in regions where Bayer had not previously
been active. Bayer expanded the activities of the Child Care Program in the areas around the
affected sites and carried out follow-up audits. We expect a reduction again in cases of child labor
in the coming year as a result of our commitment.
Online Annex: A 1.4.2.1-6

Bonuses and sanctions for suppliers

Crop Science’s comprehensive activities in its Child Care Program include the monitoring of the
seed produced through wage-based labor. In this connection, specialized Bayer employees visit the fields of cotton, rice and vegetable seed producers, particularly during the planting season. Suppliers who can verify that they strictly observe our ban on child labor receive a bonus
along with training in raising agricultural efficiency. Graduated sanctions are applied for noncompliance. These range from written warnings to termination of the contract in the case of repeated noncompliance.
Supporting school education as a key element

Bayer regards school attendance not only as essential for children’s development but also as
an effective tool for preventing child labor. We therefore also visit the parents of children we find
working in the fields to convince them of the importance of school education. We promote this
in India, for example, with the Learning for Life initiative within our Child Care Program, which
focuses both on fostering scientific knowledge and on general vocational training. This covers
everything from reintegrating children into the regular school system to vocational training
measures. Between 2005 and the end of 2017, Learning for Life reached more than 6,400 children and young people.
Thanks to a stringent monitoring system, which is supported by local information and educational
initiatives, there are only very few instances of child labor among our contractors. We immediately
put a stop to any cases we detect and closely track further developments in this context through
our Child Care Program.
The Child Care Program Advisory Council, comprised of international experts and recognized
professionals, supports Bayer in the protection of children’s rights and the objective of seed production without child labor. We measure the success of our comprehensive program using the
indicator “Child Labor Incidence in Relation to the Total Number of Laborers Monitored in the
Production of Cotton and Vegetable Seed for Bayer.”

Bayer Annual Report 2017

99

A Combined Management Report
1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.2 Responsibility in Value Creation
Augmented Version

Online Annex: A 1.4.2.1-7

The graph informs about the development of this indicator.
A 1.4.2.1-7/1

Child Labor Incidence in Relation to the Total Number of Laborers Monitored in the Production
of Cotton and Vegetable Seed for Bayer 1

96,000

80,000

85,000

67,000

2016/ 2017 2
120,000

2015 / 2016

109,000

2014 / 2015

101,000

2013 / 2014

64,000

0.15

65,000

0.20
50,000

Child labor incidence in %

0.25

86,000

104,000

0.30

2012 / 2013

91,000

2011 / 2012

114,000

2010/ 2011

0.10
0.05
0
Number of laborers monitored (cotton)
Number of laborers monitored (vegetables)

Child labor incidence in relation to number of laborers monitored (cotton)
Child labor incidence in relation to number of laborers monitored (vegetables)

1 The figures cover several growing cycles per cultivation year. In India the cultivation year runs from the middle of one year to the middle of the next, depending on

climatic conditions and the various seed types. Cumulated depiction on the basis of control inspections performed (at least 3 per cultivation season for
vegetables and up to 6 per season for cotton)
2 Child labor incidence cases in 2016 / 2017 were mainly identified among new suppliers in regions of India where Bayer had not previously been active. Through

our commitment we are expecting a further reduction in child labor incidence for the coming year. The first figures for the current season 2017 / 2018 confirm this.

1.4.2.2 Production and Logistics
Production
Bayer operates production facilities at more than 130 sites in 34 countries. The safety of our employees, the environment and the areas near our sites is a top priority for us when operating our
facilities. We steer these processes through our management systems for the areas of health,
safety, environmental protection and quality (HSEQ). Our commitment extends beyond the scope
of legal requirements. For capital expenditure projects exceeding €10 million we perform a voluntary ecological assessment. In the case of acquisitions, we examine whether the applicable environmental and occupational safety regulations and fundamental employee rights are complied with
at the production sites in question. New production sites may not be set up in areas that are statutorily protected with regard to natural characteristics, biodiversity or other factors.

Online Annex: A 1.4.2.2-1

Few production sites close to protected areas

In a comparison of the geographical coordinates of our production sites against those of internationally recognized protected areas (ASEAN Heritage, Barcelona Convention, UNESCO-MAB
Biosphere Reserve, Wetlands and World Heritage Convention and Ramsar Convention), we
identified three sites that are within a radius of three kilometers from such areas. These are the
Blesbokspruit protected areas in South Africa, Moreton Bay in Australia and Reserva Costa
Atlantica de Tierra del Fuego (Atlantic Coast of the “Land of Fire”) in Argentina. None of the
sites examined was directly located in any of the named protected areas.

Bayer worldwide:
see also A 1.1.1/1

See also A 1.4.3.2 and
A 1.4.3.3

100

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.2 Responsibility in Value Creation
Augmented Version

As part of its Group-wide crisis management, Bayer operates a global early warning system – the
Bayer Emergency Response System.
Online Annex: A 1.4.2.2-2

A corporate policy provides a globally applicable standard procedure for recording and reporting unusual incidents such as hazards to the safety of our employees, plants or facilities, and
regulates the Bayer Group’s crisis management. The handling of such incidents is the responsibility of the local crisis organization / emergency response team. For this purpose, organizational precautions with defined responsibilities and procedures have been implemented at the
sites / in the countries. Depending on the situation, these involve business partners and the local community around the sites.
We continuously work at our production sites to react more rapidly to market developments
through increased flexibility and the expansion of capacities. To achieve this, we invest in our
global production network.
Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health

Both segments operate their own production sites around the world in which active ingredients
are manufactured and in which formulation and packaging services are performed for the product
portfolio.
Both Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health continuously invest in their global production networks. Production capacities for the manufacture of hemophilia A products are being established
at the Wuppertal and Leverkusen sites in Germany through the currently biggest capital expenditure program of Pharmaceuticals with a total volume of around €800 million. Consumer Health’s
largest investment project, with a volume of around €50 million in 2017, comprises the multiyear
modification and expansion of the production site in Majinpu, China.
A 1.4.2.2/1

Strategic Investments in Property, Plant and Equipment at Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health
2017
Pharmaceuticals

Production capacities for rFactor VIII therapies in Wuppertal (Elberfeld) and Leverkusen,
Germany
Expansion of research and development laboratory capacities in Wuppertal, Germany
Modernization of research facilities in Berlin, Germany
Modernization of site infrastructure in Wuppertal, Germany
Modernization of production in Leverkusen, Germany
Construction of new research building in Wuppertal (Aprath), Germany
Expansion of production capacities for Eylea™ in Berlin, Germany

Consumer Health

Reconstruction and expansion of production site in Majinpu, China

2016
Pharmaceuticals

Production capacities for new rFactor VIII therapies in Wuppertal (Elberfeld) and
Leverkusen, Germany
Expansion of research and development laboratory capacities in Wuppertal, Germany
Modernization of research facilities in Berlin, Germany
Modernization of site infrastructure in Wuppertal and Leverkusen, Germany
Expansion of production capacities in Beijing, China
Expansion of Quality Control Biologics in Berkeley, California, U.S.A.

Consumer Health

Reconstruction and expansion of production site in Majinpu, China

Crop Science

The crop protection products of Crop Science are mainly produced at the segment’s own production sites. Numerous decentralized formulation and filling sites enable the company to quickly
react to the needs of local markets. At these sites the active ingredients are processed and packaged according to local requirements and application areas. Production of seeds takes place at

Bayer Annual Report 2017

101

A Combined Management Report
1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.2 Responsibility in Value Creation
Augmented Version

locations close to our customers in Europe, Asia and North and South America at our own farms
or under contract.
We invested some €2.5 billion overall in property, plant and equipment between 2014 and 2017 to
satisfy increased demand for crop protection products and seed. This included investment in the
replacement and expansion of production capacities and in research and development facilities.
Here the focus was on the United States, Germany and India, and on expanding our network of
breeding stations for various crops, particularly to the Netherlands and Brazil.
A 1.4.2.2/2

Strategic Investments in Property, Plant and Equipment at Crop Science
2017
Capacity expansions for herbicides in Muskegon, Michigan, and Mobile, Alabama, U.S.A., and Frankfurt and
Knapsack, Germany
Construction of a production facility for insecticides in Dormagen, Germany
Expansion of production capacities for fungicides in Dormagen, Germany
Expansion of research and development facilities in Monheim, Germany
Establishment of breeding stations for various plant species worldwide
Expansion of research and development facilities in Raleigh, North Carolina, U.S.A.
Expansion of production and research greenhouses in Nunhem, Netherlands
Construction of a production facility for fungicides in Kansas City, Missouri, U.S.A.
Expansion of production capacities for insecticides in Vapi, India
2016
Capacity expansions for herbicides in Muskegon, Michigan, and Mobile, Alabama, U.S.A., and Frankfurt and
Knapsack, Germany
Construction of a production facility for insecticides in Dormagen, Germany
Expansion of production capacities for fungicides in Dormagen, Germany
Expansion of research and development facilities in Monheim, Germany
Establishment of breeding stations for various plant species worldwide
Expansion of research and development facilities in Raleigh, North Carolina, U.S.A.

Animal Health

We procure the active ingredients for our Animal Health products both from internal sources within
Bayer and external suppliers worldwide. Our globally marketed animal health products are mainly
manufactured at the sites in Kiel, Germany, and Shawnee, Kansas, United States.
In 2017, we undertook initial capital expenditures totaling some €90 million through 2021 at
the Kiel site in connection with a site expansion that will take several years. We manufacture some
60 percent of the Animal Health products we market worldwide in Kiel.
Efficient logistics concept implemented
Logistics at Bayer comprises not just the transport and warehousing of goods, but in fact the
entire steering and monitoring of all flows of goods and logistics data for the Bayer Group. We
work continuously to develop logistics concepts that account for safety, environmental and cost
aspects. Areas of focus in the ecological field include the reduction of CO2 emissions, for example
by minimizing air transport or using logistic concepts that include rail- and waterways.

See also A 1.4.3
A 1.4.2.2/3
Transport Routes
2% rail

Our logistics organization operates according to management systems and directives with global
validity. We use both internal capacities and external logistics partners for storage and transport
services. Bayer selects these according to strict safety, environmental and quality criteria. Alongside the Corporate Supply Chain function, each segment maintains its own logistics activities that
are aligned toward the unique circumstances of the respective business model and products.

1% air

7% sea
90%
road

102

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.2 Responsibility in Value Creation
Augmented Version

1.4.2.3 Marketing and Distribution
Our marketing and distribution activities are geared toward acquiring new clients and retaining
existing customers over the long term.
Depending on market conditions, we supply our customers in the health care sector, in agriculture, in industry and in the private sector through wholesalers, specialist retailers or direct sales
organizations. Bayer has established market- and customer-specific distribution channels in accordance with the respective demand.
We systematically analyze our customers’ satisfaction with our performance in the individual segments, register their complaints and safeguard our long-term business success by deriving optimization measures from this analysis.
Online Annex: A 1.4.2.3-1

Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health

Our customer environment in the health care business includes in equal measure patients, consumers, physicians, pharmacists, caretakers, patient organizations, health policy decisionmakers and opinion leaders, partners from research and development, and health authorities
and health care payers. The distribution channels and the measures we employ to enter into
dialogue with these groups are as diverse as these groups are themselves.
The prescription products of Pharmaceuticals are primarily distributed through wholesalers,
pharmacies and hospitals. The nonprescription products of Consumer Health are generally sold
in pharmacies, with supermarket chains, online specialists and other large retailers also playing
a significant role in certain markets such as the United States.
Direct contact between Bayer and the customer environment, and especially patients, is regulated very differently for the Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health segments. For example, different legal requirements apply for prescription medicines from Pharmaceuticals than for Consumer Health’s nonprescription medicines, dietary supplements, medical devices and
cosmetics with regard to the collection of customer satisfaction data. The primary market research and data research that must be conducted, including systematic internet analysis,
strictly adheres to the legal requirements, which can vary significantly depending on the market.
Crop Science

We offer our crop protection products in more than 120 countries and market them primarily via
wholesalers, directly to retailers or, in limited cases, directly to farmers. Our seeds are sold to
growers, seedling companies, specialist retailers and the processing industry. We improve plant
traits with the help of modern breeding methods and then either license them to other seed
companies or incorporate them into proprietary seed varieties.
We market our Environmental Science range of pest and weed control products through
wholesalers and specialist retailers to professional users in the green industry, forestry, industrial vegetation management and pest control. We also market our products in the area of public
health, mainly through tendering by government agencies and NGOs as with efforts to control
malaria and dengue fever, for example.
The requirements of our customers vary according to product, region and culture, and range
from rising demands in terms of food safety and quality to trends such as digital farming. Our
marketing activities (field marketing) are therefore aligned particularly to the local needs of our
customers, whose satisfaction is individually determined by the country organizations using
standardized questionnaires.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

103

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.2 Responsibility in Value Creation
Augmented Version

To strengthen customer centricity along the entire value chain, Crop Science is intensifying its
direct cooperation with farmers through initiatives such as Bayer ForwardFarms. On Bayer
ForwardFarms, the company cooperates with farmers to demonstrate innovative crop solutions
and services for sustainable agriculture to interested stakeholders. Bayer expanded the network of ForwardFarms in 2017 to include Brazil and Argentina. The food chain partnership
model successfully developed by Crop Science is also being steadily expanded. Crop Science
has initiated over 500 food chain partnership initiatives for 76 crops in more than 40 countries,
mainly in Asia, Latin America and Europe. The goal is, together with participants in the food
chain such as farmers, the processing industry, exporters and dealers, to develop integrated
solutions for sustainable agriculture so as to safeguard and increase yields and to improve the
quality of harvested produce. The central element of the initiative is the BayGap program via
which Bayer trains producers so that they meet the Global G.A.P. certification standard. Farmers need this in order to be able to access professional markets.

www.forward
farming.com

Animal Health

Depending on national regulatory frameworks, we market our animal health products through
veterinarians and other distribution channels such as pharmacies or retail stores. Depending on
the respective market segment, Animal Health conducts studies on customer satisfaction and
customer retention.
Commitment to ethical conduct
In the development, sale and marketing of our products, we do not tolerate bribery or any other
form of improper exertion of influence on our business partners. Our minimum standards are derived from laws and other statutory regulations, industry codes and internal rules. Our rules of
conduct are established in our Corporate Policy “Responsible Marketing & Sales.” Furthermore,
we are committed to ethical advertising and communication for all our products and services.

Compliance:
see Glossary

See also A 3.2.1
and A 4.2

As part of our compliance management system, we register and investigate any suspected violation of our responsible marketing principles, irrespective of whether the complaints come from
within the company or are notified to us from outside.
Our corporate policy and the respective training programs are implemented decentrally in the
segments.
Online Annex: A 1.4.2.3-2

Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health

The marketing and distribution of pharmaceuticals, medical devices and nonprescription (overthe-counter = OTC) medications are strictly regulated and subject to relevant laws that we are
committed to observing. Also applicable at Bayer at the global or regional levels are industry
codes adopted by relevant associations of the pharmaceuticals and medical devices industries.
In many countries, these standards are further solidified by local codes – all of which apply to
prescription pharmaceuticals and many of which also apply to nonprescription medicines, dietary supplements, medical devices and cosmetics.
All codes of the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations
(IFPMA) serve as a binding minimum global standard for all prescription human pharmaceutical
products marketed by Bayer. In addition, Bayer observes the codes of the European Federation
of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA) for dealings with health care professionals and patient organizations. The WHO’s Ethical Criteria for Medicinal Drug Promotion,
together with national ethical standards that are usually also enshrined in industry codes at the
local level, represent the minimum global standard for the advertising of human pharmaceutical
products at Bayer.

www.bayer.com/efpia

104

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

All the aforementioned codes contain provisions governing, among other issues, advertising
material standards, the distribution of samples, cooperation with medical and pharmaceutical
specialist groups in connection with speaker and consultancy contracts, and scientific studies.
Based on the new EFPIA transparency code and the corresponding local interpretations,
Pharmaceuticals discloses any grants to health care professionals and organizations annually
for the preceding calendar year.
Bayer compliance rules supplement codes

The most important internal Bayer corporate policy in this context is our Anti-Corruption Procedure. The key requirements and the minimum global standard for compliant and ethical conduct are summarized in the Anti-Corruption Compliance Manual, which applies worldwide at
Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health. Principles for ethically and legally acceptable advertising for pharmaceuticals and medical devices are set out in a further Bayer corporate policy.
Bayer has also put in place directives and corporate policies to prevent price fixing and ensure
data protection. Should several regulations be relevant, Bayer principally applies the more
stringent standards.
Training measures on product-related communication, antitrust law, data protection and anticorruption are fundamental elements of the compliance management system at Bayer. Principles communicated in these training courses provide an overview of globally applicable minimum requirements for cooperation with key stakeholders in the health care industry, such as
physicians, hospitals or patient organizations. The anti-corruption courses explain general
compliance principles and also give specific instructions in relation to nonreciprocal benefits
and the exchange of services with health care professionals.
Crop Science

Crop Science follows the guidelines of its Product Stewardship Policy with regard to the distribution and use of its crop protection products. This policy, which also satisfies the requirements of the Corporate Policy “Responsible Marketing & Sales,” is based on the International
Code of Conduct issued by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).
We carry out training courses on this topic worldwide.
Animal Health

In the marketing and use of its products, Animal Health not only observes statutory regulations,
but also further-reaching Group-wide policies and voluntary industry-wide commitments. Where
several regulations are applicable, Animal Health principally observes the more stringent requirements. Most of our companion and farm animal products are subject to the provisions of
drug advertising law.

1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Product stewardship goes beyond legal requirements
Occupational health and safety have top priority
Energy efficiency further improved
The quality and safety of our products, the safe and responsible operation of our facilities and the
comprehensive protection of our employees and the people who live near our sites are of the
utmost importance to us. Bayer also considers environmental protection and the responsible use
of natural resources to be extremely important.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Responsibility for health, safety, environmental protection and quality (HSEQ) lies with the member
of the Board of Management responsible for Human Resources, Technology and Sustainability.
Group-wide HSEQ management systems are in place and incorporated into the business processes. Responsibility for steering and control lies with two corporate functions, “Health, Safety &
Sustainability” and “Quality,” which stipulate responsibilities and framework conditions, among
other means through corporate policies, targets and key performance indicators (KPIs).
Operational responsibility lies with the individual segments, which steer HSEQ with management
systems, committees and working groups. All relevant HSEQ performance indicators from our
production sites are compiled in a Group-wide Bayer site information system (BaySIS). The continuous review and revision of policies by the corporate functions, regular mandatory internal audits and external certification processes ensure that the systems at all production sites effectively
meet the specific requirements in each case.
The excellent performance of our HSEQ management systems also reduces running costs by
avoiding damage and disruptions to work and production.
Standards and certifications
Bayer’s HSEQ management systems are based on recognized international standards. With regard to coverage based on energy consumption, more than 99% of all our production sites had an
HSE management system audited by Bayer in 2017. Our Group-wide certification plan aimed to
achieve virtually complete coverage in accordance with external standards in both environmental
and occupational safety management by 2017. One hundred percent coverage is not feasible
owing to the frequent changes in our site portfolio. 93% of our business activities in 2017 were
certified externally to at least one internationally recognized standard for environmental and occupational safety management. Compliance with the statutory requirements and relevant standards
is regularly audited by internal experts, regulatory authorities and external consultants.
A 1.4.3/1

Standards and Certifications
2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

ISO 14001 certification / EMAS validation

67

86

88

92

92

OHSAS 18001 certification

54

72

72

78

91

ISO 50001 1 certification

–

53

58

70

74

% of business activities based on energy consumption

Certification to external standards

Degree of coverage with certification to at least one of the
above standards
HSE management systems internally audited by Bayer

78

90

89

93

93

100

100

99

96

99

Prior years’ figures restated
1
Group values determined from 2014 onward

Our segments have quality management systems based on sector-specific international standards. Group-wide, coverage with this kind of certification is 75% based on energy consumption.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3-1

The Quality corporate function ensures uniform quality standards across all segments and functions along with the continuous improvement of all quality-related processes. The quality requirements derived from regulatory requirements, permits and authorizations, relevant standards of nongovernmental organizations and industry associations, and customer expectations
are regularly reviewed and integrated into an internal quality management system. Compliance
with the statutory requirements, relevant standards in production and registered product specifications is regularly audited by internal experts, regulatory authorities and external assessors.
These audits also cover institutes sub-contracted by us, service providers and our suppliers.

105

106

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

GxP: see Glossary

The quality management system of the Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health segments forms
the basis for the highest possible safety standards in the manufacturing of pharmaceuticals and
medical devices, which are subject to strict quality requirements. It is based on internationally
recognized standards such as ISO (e.g. ISO 9001, 17025 and 13485) and ICH (International
Conference on Harmonization of Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals
for Human Use), as well as on rules for good working practice (GxP) in the development and
manufacture of pharmaceuticals e.g. Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), Good Distribution
Practices (GDP) and Good Clinical Practices (GCP).
Our veterinary medicine products also comply with stringent GxP quality standards stipulated in
relevant statutory requirements applying to development, approval, manufacture, marketing and
safety monitoring. According to this, safety is to be ensured for the animals to be treated, people and the environment alike.
Product manufacture at Crop Science is performed according to ISO 9001. All our products are
authorized by the relevant national authorities and thus fulfill the respective requirements with
regard to quality and user safety.

1.4.3.1 Product Stewardship
Product stewardship means for us that our products satisfy the highest quality standards and are
safe for people, animals and the environment when properly used. All substances and finished
products undergo extensive evaluation and testing in the interest of product safety. We assess
possible health and environmental risks along the entire value chain and use this to derive appropriate measures to mitigate risks.
We strictly observe the legal requirements, and our voluntary commitment and internal standards
go beyond these in many areas.

https://echa.europa.eu/
regulations/reach

Implementing statutory requirements
Extensive legal regulations apply to all Bayer products. Chemical substances are subject to the
European chemicals regulation REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of
Chemicals) and the CLP (Classification, Labelling and Packaging of Substances and Mixtures)
regulation. The registration obligation under REACH applies irrespective of marketing activities for
all substances that we produce or import in quantities of more than one metric ton. The classification and labeling of chemicals enables users in the European Union to become informed about the
risks associated with chemicals. Bayer assesses all its marketed products and implements the
Globally Harmonized System (GHS) of the CLP for the classification and labeling of chemicals
worldwide.
The authorities enforce the implementation of REACH through regular inspections. So far, none of
the inspections at Bayer has resulted in complaints. We require our suppliers to confirm conformity with REACH for all substances they supply to us.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.1-1

Alongside the standard registration obligation under REACH there is also an authorization procedure that can lead to the replacement of, or a ban on the use of, particularly hazardous substances. To fulfill the requirements of REACH, we have approved Group-wide and segmentspecific policies.
Already registered substances are also regularly evaluated by the authorities. For Bayer substances this can result in additional testing requirements, new risk management measures or
inclusion in the REACH authorization procedure. To date, two Bayer substances have been affected, with authorization already being granted for one of these.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

107

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Before any of our products is introduced to the market, we first assess the product itself to determine whether it is safe. Furthermore, the end products such as pharmaceuticals, crop protection products and biocides are subject to specific and detailed approval procedures.
Voluntary commitment by Bayer
Since 1994, Bayer has supported the voluntary Responsible Care™ initiative of the chemical industry and the associated Responsible Care™ Global Charter. We cover all main elements of the
charter at all Group sites with our HSEQ management systems. We are actively involved in the
further development of scientific risk assessment through our work in associations and initiatives.

Biocides: see Glossary

www.icca-chem.org/
responsible-care/

Online Annex: A 1.4.3.1-2

Comprehensive support for association activities

International associations such as the European and international chemical industry associations (CEFIC, ICCA) and the OECD, as well as initiatives such as ECETOC (European Centre for
Ecotoxicology and Toxicology of Chemicals), work to enhance the scientific assessment of
chemicals, develop new test methods and oversee the implementation of statutory regulations.
Bayer actively supports these efforts through its activities in the associations. In addition, we
are involved, for example, in the ICCA Long-Range Research Initiative and in the WHO and E.U.
action plans for improving health and environmental protection. We also support the Strategic
Approach to International Chemicals Management (SAICM), which combines chemicals safety
activities at the global level under the umbrella of the United Nations Environment Programme
with the goal of minimizing negative effects of chemicals on the environment and human health
by the year 2020. The approach aims to create the necessary structures, especially in developing countries.
We evaluate our substances’ properties already at the research and development stage. We discontinue the development of products with undesirable properties in application of the precautionary principle as defined in Principle 15 of the Rio Declaration of the United Nations and Communication COM (2000) 1 of the European Commission. In our view, the focus here should not be
unilaterally on hazard potential, but rather on a balanced benefit-risk assessment.
In Europe, Bayer operates under strict legal requirements. We voluntarily apply comparable standards around the world, independent of the respective national legislation. In this way we are ensuring that substance assessments comparable to those established under REACH will also be
applied at all non-European Bayer sites. We support this through our Group target for product
stewardship: By 2020, we will have assessed the hazard potential of all substances (> 99%) used
in quantities exceeding one metric ton per annum. By the end of 2017, we had assessed 76% of
these substances.
We carry out risk assessments for chemicals according to recognized scientific methods such as
those described in the Guidance on Information Requirements and Chemical Safety Assessment
of the ECHA (European Chemicals Agency). Should the analysis reveal that it is not safe to use a
certain chemical, we take steps to mitigate risks. The applicable assessment steps and measures
are established in a corporate policy. As part of our trusting working relationship with them, we
support our customers in the safe handling and use of our products. Bayer compiles safety data
sheets for all products regardless of whether or not these are legally required. Appropriate packaging information is provided for all end consumer products, an example being package inserts
for pharmaceuticals.

Group target 2020:
assessment of
hazard potential
of all substances
used in quantities
> 1 metric ton p.a.;
see also A 1.2.1

108

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Online Annex: A 1.4.3.1-3

Continuous examination and communication

Risk mitigation measures can range from revised application recommendations to the substitution of a substance. In this case, the use of the substitute must be economically and technically
feasible. The substitution of chemicals is basically a continuous task for the chemical and
pharmaceutical industry in order to generate new or substantially improved products and processes. This is integral to our commitment to Responsible CareTM.
Safety data sheets are the central tools of communication for safety-relevant information about
substances and mixtures in the supply chain. Targeting professional users, they contain information on the substance’s properties and on its safe use. In addition, technical information is
provided for professional use.
In accordance with the respective product safety and information obligations, we compile product
information both for raw materials and for intermediates or end products and make these available
within the company all over the world, e.g. for product labeling.
Risk assessment of products on the market
Our stewardship also involves the monitoring of all products that are already available on the market. We have established processes throughout the company aimed at addressing inquiries on
product safety or problems with our products. This feedback is consistently accounted for in our
risk assessment, which also covers substances that are regarded as potentially high-risk by regulatory authorities and independent institutions.
We also assume responsibility for the active ingredients in our products. We conduct environmental risk assessments or implement risk management measures even subsequent to their registration. We also help to tackle questions about active ingredients in the environment and ensure that
concerns are addressed through sound risk assessments and analyses. To this end, we have
established a balanced risk-benefit assessment process for active ingredients that adequately
accounts for customer needs relative to potential or known environmental risks.
Responsible use of biotechnology
Bayer applies biotechnology both in pharmaceutical product development and production, for
example of Kogenate™ and KovaltryTM, and in the area of crop protection. Further biotechnologically manufactured active ingredients are undergoing clinical development. In plant biotechnology
we use genetic engineering as well as conventional breeding methods to improve crop yields,
yield security and the stress tolerance of plants without increasing the input of resources.
For Bayer, safety for people and the environment is a priority in the use of biotechnology. In addition to meeting legal and regulatory requirements, Bayer has specified the responsible use of
genetic engineering and strict safety measures in handling biological substances in corresponding
corporate policies. We provide our stakeholders with information about our products and services
in accordance with our Responsible Marketing & Sales Policy.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.1-4

Specific procedural instructions regulate the handling of genetic engineering and biological
substances in our segments. Crop Science has established the necessary requirements for
the responsible use of biotechnology in both the Product Stewardship Policy and the Seeds
Stewardship directives. Furthermore, Crop Science maintained its membership in 2017 of the
Excellence Through Stewardship (ETS) organization. Audits by ETS-certified auditors are required to maintain ETS membership, and in 2017 Crop Science completed audits in Japan,
Australia and India.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

109

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Our commitment to preserving biodiversity
In the course of our business activities we aim to use natural resources responsibly and respect
biodiversity and the diversity of ecosystems. We have integrated our principles on biodiversity in
the Bayer Human Rights Policy and established our own position on this issue. In this, we express
our commitment to the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity and the associated
Nagoya Protocol, which regulates the balanced and fair sharing of the benefits arising from the
use of genetic resources. Segment-specific measures are applied to implement this.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.1-5

Crop Science commits itself through an internal policy to ensure that it only acquires and uses
genetic resources in harmony with international and national legislation. Biodiversity strengthens the resilience of ecosystems, and thus plays a key role in maintaining and promoting sustainable agriculture. We therefore support agricultural ecosystems by promoting various ecological enhancement measures such as planting flowering strips as a habitat for animals and the
more extensive cultivation of slopes to protect against erosion. These measures can help farmers to improve soil fertility and water regulation in their fields or boost the pollination activities of
insects and thus increase their yields or biodiversity. We work together with farmers and other
experts on solutions and demonstrate at the Bayer ForwardFarms how sustainable agriculture
can be implemented in practice.

www.forwardfarming.
com

As a member of the Association of Research-Based Pharmaceutical Companies, Bayer supports the association’s position on the U.N. Convention on Biological Diversity. An internal position on plant-based medications documents how natural substances can be used with respect
to compliance with the Convention on Biological Diversity.
Commitment to animal welfare
Animal studies are legally required and essential from a scientific viewpoint to assess the safety
and efficacy of our products. We aim to minimize the use of study animals and to employ alternative methods whenever possible. This includes the phototoxicity test developed by Bayer and
others that replaces some animal studies in the investigation of the possible phototoxic effects of
drug candidates. We respect all legal requirements pertaining to animal welfare, compliance with
which is verified through both regulatory authorities and internal audits. In addition, Bayer’s principles on animal welfare and animal studies apply. Bayer’s Global Animal Welfare Committee monitors compliance with these guidelines within the Bayer Group and in external studies. Our principles also apply to both the research institutes we commission and our suppliers, whose
compliance with our animal welfare requirements we regularly monitor.

www.animalstudies.
bayer.com

Online Annex: A 1.4.3.1-6

Commitment to reducing animal studies

Based on the performance indicators of our Animal Welfare Committee, we each year analyze
the development of animal numbers, the distribution according to species and the burden
placed on our test animals, as well as evaluate studies and discuss possible steps in accordance with the 3Rs principle (replace, reduce, refine). The number of study animals used (including animals in Bayer studies performed by contract research organizations) could be reduced
from 96 animals per €1 million research budget in 2005 to around 30 animals in 2017.
Bayer participates in several internationally renowned consortia and projects that aim to reduce
the number of animals used in studies or improve the studies’ validity.

3Rs principle:
see Glossary

110

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Protection against product counterfeiting
Counterfeit medicines and crop protection products harbor substantial risks for patients and consumers. Product counterfeiting can only be addressed internationally through a joint approach by
industry, associations, governmental agencies and nongovernmental organizations. Bayer consistently advocates the resolute application and, where necessary, the strengthening and expansion
of existing laws and provisions aimed at the identification and confiscation of illegal products. We
want to additionally protect customers and products through extensive measures of our own.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.1-7

Combating counterfeit medications
www.bayer.com/
counterfeits

Through the “Beware of Counterfeits” campaign, Bayer informs patients on the internet about
the risks of counterfeit pharmaceuticals and provides patients with tips on how they can protect themselves. Through the use of various technological means in production, we constantly
strive to ensure that patients, too, can distinguish between original and counterfeit products.
Close cooperation between all stakeholders is necessary to achieve practical success in
fighting counterfeiting and prevent the sale of counterfeit pharmaceuticals particularly on the internet. We therefore support the establishment of a Europe-wide system for the identification of
original pharmaceuticals that satisfies the requirements of the E.U. Falsified Medicine Directive.
In addition, Bayer participates in the Pharmaceutical Industry Initiative to Combat Crime of Interpol to counteract pharmaceutical counterfeiting, in the “Innovation Power for Safety in Industry” initiative and, since 2017, in the LiDaKrA (Integration of Networked Data and Early Detection of Organized Crime Phenomena) research program of the German Federal Ministry of
Education and Research, which deals with the automated evaluation of data related to internet
crime.
Combating counterfeit and illegal crop science products

To protect against the import of counterfeit and illegal products (crop protection products and
seeds) into the E.U., Crop Science intensively advocates the uniform interpretation and implementation of existing E.U. regulations in all member states. We support regulatory authorities
worldwide through chemical analysis to identify counterfeit products. In addition, we conduct
our own inspections in the market in all countries and actively support initiatives by associations. In 2017, we rolled out our global strategy for combating the production, trade and use of
counterfeit or otherwise illegal crop science products. The goal of this strategy is to reduce the
risk for people and the environment and to limit the financial damage resulting for Bayer.
As part of our product stewardship programs, we provide information material about the risks
of counterfeit and illegal crop science products and train customers, dealers, farmers and regulatory authorities. We document all indications of suspicious and potentially counterfeit or illegal
products. We work constantly to counterfeit-proof our products through the use of security features. In 2017, we identified patent and trademark violations in China and Brazil, and successfully asserted our legal rights.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

111

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health
Benefit-risk management for pharmaceuticals and medicinal products
The Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health segments continuously assess the medical benefitrisk profile of their pharmaceuticals, medicinal products, dietary supplements and cosmetics
throughout their entire product life cycle. The efficacy, safety and tolerability of pharmaceuticals
are investigated in preclinical and Phase I to III clinical development studies. The documentation
submitted to the regulatory authorities contains the results of these studies and a comprehensive
benefit-risk assessment of the pharmaceutical. It is essential for the market authorization of a new
pharmaceutical that it complies with regulatory safety requirements. The same applies to medicinal products, dietary supplements and cosmetics.
According to these regulations, the segments continue to compile safety-relevant information in a
dedicated database following market launch of the product. This information is continuously assessed and the benefit-risk balance of pharmaceuticals, medicinal products, dietary supplements
and cosmetics regularly evaluated by medical experts of various disciplines in the global Pharmacovigilance Department. In this process, Bayer works closely with the regulatory and supervisory
authorities at the international and national levels. Further safety-relevant information is compiled
using Post-Authorization Safety Studies (PASS) conducted after approval. The results are entered
into the PASS registry in compliance with E.U. pharmacovigilance legislation.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.1-8

Global pharmaceutical monitoring system

The Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health segments have a global pharmaceutical monitoring
system in which experts from various disciplines work together in safety management teams
(SMTs). These teams evaluate internal benefit and safety data, clinical trials, post-marketing
studies, external databases and scientific publications to identify potential safety concerns at
an early stage and detect possible changes in the benefit-risk profile. All data evaluated are entered in our pharmacovigilance database. In particular, the evaluation includes potential sideeffects reported to us as a producer and to the health authorities via various communication
channels by a range of different sources such as physicians, pharmacists and patients themselves. Producers evaluate the steps resulting from these reports in close cooperation with the
relevant health authorities.
Should risks be identified, Bayer immediately takes steps to safeguard the health of patients
and consumers in coordination with the authorities. These range from updating product information for patients, users, pharmacists and physicians through patient education brochures
and further training measures for medical specialists to direct communication with medical experts (Direct Healthcare Professional Communication, DHPC) and even product withdrawals. All
of these processes are documented, regularly updated and integrated into the quality management system.
Implementation of risk mitigation activities is coordinated by our local SMTs in the country organizations. The information on the side-effects of medicines compiled by Bayer is reported to
the national health authorities in the relevant countries, where it is processed. The European
Union centralized this process in 2017. European marketing authorization holders such as
Bayer are now required to enter all suspected cases of undesired side-effects directly in EudraVigilance, the European Medicines Agency’s electronic information system. That means that
Bayer no longer has to report them separately to the 27 national agencies in the European
Union. The EudraVigilance database supplements Bayer’s established safety monitoring, further
optimizing the safe use of our products.

The most important
regulatory authorities for
Bayer are:
– the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration
(FDA)
– the European Medicines Agency (EMA)
– the Pharmaceuticals
and Medical Devices
Agency (PMDA) in
Japan
– the China Food and
Drug Administration
(CFDA)

Pharmacovigilance:
see Glossary

112

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Analysis of residues of pharmaceuticals in the environment

Active pharmaceutical ingredients can enter the environment through human or animal excreta,
through improper disposal or during production. Surface waters are particularly relevant here. For
their own active ingredients, Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health carry out ecotoxicological
investigations of pharmaceutical residues and degradation products to assess the potential environmental impact of these products. In connection with the approval process for human and veterinary pharmaceuticals in Europe and the United States, an environmental risk assessment takes
place for all new active ingredients. Furthermore, to our knowledge, the existing concentrations of
individual active pharmaceutical ingredients in drinking water do not have any relevant adverse
effects on human health. On the basis of its report on mixtures of active pharmaceutical ingredients in drinking water published in 2017, the WHO currently does not identify any immediate
health risks and consequently sees no need to act in the short term. To further guarantee the
safety of drinking water resources partly against the background of a potential increase in the use
of pharmaceuticals, the WHO recommends that this issue be observed comprehensively over a
longer period of time. Bayer is actively participating in the stakeholder dialogue.

www.i-pie.org

Different requirements regarding wastewater thresholds apply at our production sites. Compliance
with these is reviewed by supervisory authorities and external assessors and also at regular intervals through on-site audits by internal experts. To reduce or exclude the release of active ingredients into the environment, we take further action in our production facilities. We are also participating actively in various research projects to develop further reduction measures such as acting
as a coordinator in the “Intelligence-led Assessment of Pharmaceuticals in the Environment” project in Europe, which seeks new ways to improve environmental risk assessment.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.1-9

Bayer is involved in the German government’s stakeholder dialogue on the issue of a trace substance strategy. This dialogue process is aimed at developing a strategy to prevent the waterpolluting effects of certain chemicals, including active pharmaceutical ingredients. The first results and recommended measures were summarized in a position paper drafted as a ministerial
submission in 2017.
Crop Science
Focusing on product safety

Product safety and environmental compatibility play a key role in the development of crop protection products and technologies to ensure that their use is safe for people and wildlife and does
not cause unjustifiable damage to the environment. They therefore require official approval, which
is governed by numerous international and national laws and regulations. Crop Science satisfies
all the regulatory requirements of the countries in which our products are sold.
In tests required by law, Crop Science already examines the products during the early development phase with regard to their mode of action, their (eco)toxicological properties and the extent
of potential residues in plants and the environment. Every new crop protection active ingredient
and every new technology must undergo these studies and tests. Furthermore, Bayer has made a
voluntary commitment to market only those crop protection products whose active ingredients are
registered in at least one OECD country or, in the case of new active ingredients, for which an
OECD data package has been compiled.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

113

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Since 2017, we have made safety-related data on our crop protection products transparent. More
than 200 freely accessible summaries of scientific studies submitted in connection with the registration procedures for our active ingredients in the European Union are already available on an
online platform. These documents include information on toxicological and ecotoxicological studies and investigations into degradability. From the start of 2018, noncommercial users will be given access to the full reports on request.
In its sale and application of crop protection products and technologies, Crop Science observes
the International Code of Conduct on Pesticide Management of the United Nations Food and
Agriculture Organization (FAO). The principles of our responsible product handling are established
in our Product Stewardship Policy and implemented in the Product Stewardship Program.
The targeted use of crop protection products is crucial to minimize discharge outside of the treated crops. To support the safe use of its products in agricultural practice, Crop Science is particularly committed to protecting users, bee health and surface waters.
Training customers and partners

We support our customers and partners worldwide in the proper and safe handling of our seed
and crop protection products. Targeted training measures particularly for farmers and dealers are
designed to improve safety for users, the environment and thus consumers as well. Our objective
is to increase the outreach of our training activities worldwide.
Users of our products can contact Crop Science through a range of communication channels if
they have complaints or feedback or wish to report any incidents. These include direct contact
with our sales staff; our standard hotline, which is printed on all our product packaging; and, in
Germany for example, the “Agrar Telefon” expert hotline.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.1-10

Training for farmers and Bayer employees

Our training activities teach farmers how to use crop protection products effectively and safely,
and thus increase the yield and quality of their harvested goods. Subsequently, new marketing
possibilities can arise that offer smallholder farmers in particular the chance to generate higher
profits.
In 2017, more than a million farmers worldwide received safety training from Bayer. The majority
of these training activities took place as part of customer events because safety training is an
integral part of our business activity. Additional training courses were conducted in cooperation
with partners such as local, regional and international associations.
Bayer focuses on training activities in countries where there are no statutory requirements or
certification for users regarding the safe handling of crop protection products. With our regional
organizations, we therefore establish plans of action for the respective prioritized countries that
are then implemented locally.
Our Product Stewardship Policy provides information on the principles for the responsible handling of our products, combined with specific instructions for use for our employees and those
who work with our products. Our product stewardship measures also particularly include training activities for our sales representatives.

www.cropsciencetransparency.bayer.com

114

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Bayer Bee Care: strengthening bee health
www.beecare.bayer.com

Healthy bees and other pollinators are important for sustainable food production. Promoting the
health of pollinators and sustainable agriculture is therefore of tremendous importance for our
business. Within our Bee Care Program, we aim to strike a balance between contributing to the
health and biodiversity of pollinators and helping farmers to optimize their agricultural production.
We operate two Bee Care Centers in Germany and the United States for this purpose and have
established a global Bee Care network. Bayer participates in numerous projects and partnerships
with local scientists and research institutions worldwide to strengthen bee health and safety.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.1-11

Objectives of the Bee Care Program

The health of bees and other pollinators can be impacted and impaired by a number of complex factors that can differ from one region to another. Relevant factors include pests and diseases, the availability of food sources in sufficient quantity and quality, agricultural practices
and, in the case of honey bees, the quality of beekeeping practices.
Through our Bee Care Program we reach out and connect with a broad range of stakeholder
groups and actively support constructive and open dialogue. Our goal is to jointly seek opportunities for cooperating on health issues concerning bees and other pollinators.
With the Feed a Bee Program in North America we address organizations and individuals to
help extend food sources for bees and other pollinators by sowing plant seeds and creating
additional flowered areas. Between 2015 and the end of 2017, more than a million individuals
and over 120 partner organizations helped to grow in excess of three billion flowering plants by
spreading individual Bayer seeds packs.
In Germany, Bayer is conducting a major multiyear study in agricultural landscapes to investigate how ecology-enhancing measures to promote insect biodiversity in agriculture are having
an effect. In South America, we support projects studying the attractiveness of various crops to
bees so as to better understand the relationship between pollinators and local crops and to optimize the use of crop protection products with regard to their bee safety.
With its Healthy Hives 2020 Program, Bayer conducts important research projects in the
United States whose results will benefit beekeeping. Through the equivalent program in Latin
America, which is currently being initiated, we want to contribute to improved local honey bee
health through research activities such as the monitoring of factors that influence honey
bee health and through beekeeper training activities.
In our efforts to find new ways of effectively controlling the Varroa mite, a dangerous parasite for
honey bees, the Animal Health segment has developed a new product consisting of a plastic strip
treated with an active ingredient that protects beehives from mite infestation. Since 2017, the
product has been available to beekeepers in many E.U. countries. The authorization procedure is
ongoing for additional countries.
To minimize risks to bees, we perform extensive safety testing, risk assessments, product stewardship measures and the development of bee-friendly crop protection products and processes.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

115

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Ongoing re-evaluation of neonicotinoids

Bayer is convinced that neonicotinoids are user-safe insecticides with a favorable environmental
safety profile, and are not dangerous to bees when used according to label instructions. This has
been confirmed by risk evaluations performed during marketing authorization reviews by the responsible authorities of countries outside Europe. In Europe, however, Bayer products that contain two of our neonicotinoid compounds have been prohibited since 2013 from use in crops that
are attractive to bees. The European Commission has instructed the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to examine all newly available data and reports from the past four years. The results
are expected in spring 2018. Bayer brought the restriction on neonicotinoid use in the E.U. before
the Court of Justice of the European Union in August 2013 in order to clarify the legal basis of the
Commission’s decision. This decision is based on an assessment by the EFSA that in turn is
based on neither a validated nor an officially recognized risk assessment system. With a view to
future investment decisions, the company is primarily asking that the court clarify the regulatory
framework.

Neonicotinoids:
see Glossary

Model projects for water protection in agriculture

Crop Science develops strategies and solutions to support the agricultural industry in sustainable
water usage.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.1-12

In the area of water pollution mitigation, we advise our customers and recommend biological
remediation systems such as Phytobac™ to them, for example. This system is intended to prevent discharges into water bodies of crop protection active ingredients that are generated during the filling and cleaning of spraying devices or the disposal of residual liquids. The system is
being tested in numerous E.U. countries and offered commercially by suppliers. In Europe,
more than 4,600 remediation systems are currently installed.
Erosion and runoff processes on agricultural land can also lead to substance emissions into adjacent water systems. In this context, we are collaborating with external partners on the development of a digital geoinformation system for water protection in agriculture. This enables the
visualization of site-related risks by means of high-resolution risk maps supplemented with proposals for proven procedures. This system will be used as an advisory tool for water protection
in agricultural operations.
To more effectively account for increasing demands with regard to environmental protection
and occupational safety, Crop Science and the company agrotop GmbH have developed the
easyflow system. This is a closed, contamination-free discharge system for liquid crop protection products from sealed and unsealed canisters that enables partial and full discharge and
cleans itself fully. The system has already been successfully introduced in practice for small
plant sprayers used in fruit and vegetable cultivation. A new version for larger sprayers used in
farming is currently being introduced to the market.
Animal Health
Safety standards for animal health products

In line with the statutory requirements, strict safety and quality standards also apply to animal
health products, animal feed and feed additives. Within the scope of the approval / authorization
procedures, Animal Health carries out detailed studies in order to ensure the safety of its products
for the treated animals, people and the environment alike.
A particular focus lies on monitoring veterinary pharmaceutical safety and on activities aimed at
responsible product use. In line with our Prudent Use Policy, we support the responsible use of
antibiotics and promote their proper use, for example through strict guidelines. We also work on
the development of alternative strategies to antimicrobial treatment. Since 2015, we have been
marketing Zelnate™, a nonantibiotic immunostimulant.

www.bayer.com/phytobac

116

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Online Annex: A 1.4.3.1-13

Safety and control system for animal health products

We continuously compile all safety-relevant information such as reports of suspected adverse
effects of pharmaceuticals in our global safety database. This information is evaluated and reported to the responsible authorities in accordance with national regulations. In this process,
Animal Health works closely with the responsible regulatory and supervisory authorities at the
national and supranational levels. This includes especially the European Medicines Agency
(EMA) and the national agencies in the European Economic Area, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and the responsible authorities
in other countries.
We work together with veterinarians, pharmacists, farmers and private animal-owners worldwide to promote the correct handling of our products. We participate in the European Platform
for the Responsible Use of Medicines in Animals and engage in dialogue with stakeholders from
academia, politics and society.

1.4.3.2 Safety
Within the framework of our responsibility for safety, preventing accidents and incidents in day-today work, in the operation of production facilities, and on work-related travel and transportation
routes where people or the environment may suffer harm or damage has top priority for Bayer.
Responsibilities and framework conditions are defined in appropriate directives and corporate
policies. The overriding principle is always safety first.

Occupational health and safety
See also A 1.4.1.1

Group target 2020:
reduction of 35% in
occupational safety
incident rate (RIR);
see also A 1.2.1

Safeguarding the occupational health and safety of our employees, and of the employees of contractors and suppliers on our company premises and under the supervision of Bayer, is one of our
core tasks. This entails preventing work-related accidents and occupational illnesses, assessing
potential hazards, ensuring comprehensive risk management and creating a healthy working environment.
The basis of our reporting on occupational injuries is the Recordable Incident Rate (RIR), which
covers all injuries to employees requiring medical treatment that goes beyond simple first aid. This
includes injuries and occupational illnesses both with and without lost workdays. In 2017, the RIR
climbed to 0.45 cases per 200,000 hours worked, corresponding to 493 occupational injuries
worldwide. This means that, in statistical terms, one recordable incident occurred for almost every
440,000 hours worked. Reportable injuries with lost workdays comprised 302 of the total of 493
occupational injuries, meaning that the corresponding parameter, the Lost Time Recordable Incident Rate (LTRIR), edged up to 0.28 in 2017.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.2-1

Occupational illnesses are included in both parameters (LTRIR and RIR), regardless of whether
or not they are listed in national registers of occupational diseases. As lists of occupational diseases are not globally standardized and in many countries do not exist at all, we document all
occupational illnesses, provided they have been diagnosed and recognized by a physician. Five
new cases of occupational illnesses were reported throughout the Bayer Group in 2017. These
were related to the musculoskeletal system and noise-induced hearing impairments among
other issues.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Bayer universally and regularly subjects all workplaces to a health-related risk assessment and
a hazard analysis. These analyses are used to derive measures that, in conjunction with targeted studies, are designed to prevent occupational illnesses. As part of our occupational health
and safety policy, we offer our employees regular medical examinations – in some cases on a
mandatory basis – in all countries in which this is legally permissible. The focus here is on the
risks that exist at each workplace. Furthermore, all respective country-specific provisions for
mandatory examinations are complied with.
Fortunately, there were no fatal work-related accidents in 2017.
A 1.4.3.2/1

Recordable Occupational Injuries
2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

Rate of occupational injuries (RIR 1 )

0.49

0.44

0.43

0.40

0.45

Rate of occupational injuries with lost workdays
(LTRIR 2 )

0.26

0.23

0.21

0.23

0.28

2

4

2

4

0

of which Bayer employees

1

3

2

2

0

of which contractor employees 3

1

1

0

2

0

Fatal injuries (total)

Prior years’ figures restated
1
RIR = Recordable Incident Rate
2
LTRIR = Lost Time Recordable Incident Rate
3
Employees working for third parties whose accidents occurred on our company premises and under Bayer supervision

Online Annex: A 1.4.3.2-2
A 1.4.3.2-2/1

Recordable Incidents (RIR) by Region
2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

Europe / Middle East / Africa

0.65

0.54

0.55

0.49

0.54

North America

0.56

0.79

0.67

0.69

0.70

Asia / Pacific

0.21

0.13

0.12

0.14

0.17

Latin America

0.48

0.45

0.49

0.38

0.54

Total

0.49

0.44

0.43

0.40

0.45

Prior years’ figures restated

As in previous years, we hardly recorded any accidents (less than 5%) involving contact with
chemicals in 2017. A significant proportion of the accidents and injuries suffered by our employees have behavior-linked causes. Our Behavioral Safety Program is addressing this challenge with
suitable training measures. Almost 8,500 employees have been trained at 120 sites worldwide
since 2015. Significant behavioral improvements were achieved in areas in which the program has
already been implemented, and the Recordable Incident Rate is therefore expected to decline
across the Group in the medium term.

Process and plant safety
We aim to design and operate our processes and production facilities in such a way that they do
not pose any inappropriate risks to employees, the environment or the community. Bayer is therefore continuously working to further develop the safety culture, the expertise of employees and the
globally applicable corporate policies on process and plant safety, which prescribe uniform procedures and standards for identifying risks and defining safety measures, and thus ensure a uniform
safety level at all production sites. Compliance with internal and external safety regulations is verified in internal audits by a team of plant safety experts.

Bayer AG key data:
see also A 1.4.4

117

118

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Bayer operates a central competence center for process and plant safety in Germany and regional
hubs in Asia and North, Central and South America that interlink safety experts from all production
sites. In a key move toward further standardization, the central competence center has introduced
a globally valid training and certification program for safety experts.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.2-3

Participation in our TOPPS (Top Performance in Process and Plant Safety) training program is
compulsory for all Bayer employees who are able to influence process and plant safety at production and auxiliary facilities, and is documented in the Bayer training system. TOPPS training
materials for both classroom and web-based training are available in several languages.

Group target 2020:
reduction of 30% in
process and plant safety
incidents;
see also A 1.2.1

A globally standardized key performance indicator (KPI) – Loss of Primary Containment (LoPC
material release / leakages) – is used at Bayer as an early indicator for plant safety incidents and is
integrated into Group-wide safety reporting. LoPC incidents refer to the leakage of chemical substances or energy in amounts above defined thresholds from their primary containment, such as
pipelines, pumps, tanks or drums. The LoPC Incident Rate (LoPC-IR) indicates the number of
LoPC incidents per 200,000 work hours. In 2017, the LoPC-IR was 0.13 (2016: 0.17). Bayer’s
LoPC reporting is based on the requirements of the European Chemical Industry Council (CEFIC),
which apply uniformly throughout Europe.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.2-4

The causes of every reported LoPC incident are analyzed and the incident published across the
Group. The reporting threshold was intentionally set at such a low level that even material and
energy leaks that have no impact on employees, neighbors or the environment are systematically recorded and reported. This approach supports our commitment to maintain the integrity
of our facilities.
A 1.4.3.2/2

Rate of Plant Safety Incidents (LoPC-IR)
Bayer AG key data:
see also A 1.4.4

Loss of Primary Containment Incident Rate
(LoPC-IR) 1

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

0.16

0.13

0.11

0.17

0.13

Prior years’ figures restated
1
Number of LoPC incidents per 200,000 working hours

Transportation safety
Transportation safety plays a key role both in the transportation of our products on public routes
and in loading, unloading, classification, labeling and packaging, particularly of hazardous goods.
The implementation of a dedicated corporate policy ensures that all materials are handled and
transported in line with applicable regulations and the potential hazard they pose. As part of our
voluntary Responsible CareTM activities, transportation safety instructions are also drawn up for
nonhazardous materials and corresponding transportation safety audits performed worldwide. In
addition to legally required training courses, we use special electronic training measures to convey
specialist knowledge that are also open to service providers. Transportation and storage safety is
a part of HSE management and is implemented by a network of experts and users with practical
experience who cooperate across divisional and regional lines. Details are specified in the corporate policies “Transportation Safety” and “Health, Safety, Environment and Quality (HSEQ) Audits.”
Apart from internal Bayer specifications the international regulations of the WHO and/or Crop Life
International also apply as standards.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

119

A Combined Management Report
1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

A 1.4.3.2/3

In 2017, data recording on transportation movements was extended to all segments. In total,
almost six million consignments were transported in 2017. Despite our extensive safety precautions and training activities, residual risks can result in transport incidents. At Bayer, these include
accidents that cause personal injury, and significant damage to property, environmental impact
resulting from the release of substances, or leakage of hazardous goods. They are recorded in
detail and assessed based on defined criteria. All nine transport incidents in 2017 were traffic
accidents. Two of the transport incidents were also classed as environmental incidents.

Number of
Transport Incidents

2013

3

2014

0

2015

0

2016

5

2017

9

Online Annex: A 1.4.3.2-5
0

A 1.4.3.2-5/1

Transport Incidents by Means of Transport
2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

Road

2

0

0

5

9

Rail

0

0

0

0

0

Sea

1

0

0

0

0

Total

3

0

0

5

9

Prior years’ figures restated

The table provides an overview of the transport and environmental incidents in 2017.
A 1.4.3.2-5/2

Transport and Environmental Incidents 2017

1

Transport

Environ- Personal
mental
injury

Crop Science, Hofu, Japan, February 6, 2017
On an icy road, a truck collided with several other vehicles. No product
leaked out.

X

No

Crop Science, Monheim, Germany, February 13, 2017
While transporting a Bayer product, a truck left the road and the driver
suffered a slight injury. No product leaked out.

X

Yes

Crop Science, Belford Roxo, Brazil, February 18, 2017
An accident occurred in which a truck transporting a Bayer product was hit
by a gas truck. All the vehicles involved caught fire. The product released was
cleaned up and disposed of in a professional manner.

X

No

Crop Science, Mereville, France, August 23, 2017
A truck caught fire during transportation. The product contained in the trailer
leaked out but could be cleaned up and disposed of in a professional
manner. There was no environmental impact.

X

No

Crop Science, Belford Roxo, Brazil, September 16, 2017
During transportation a truck lost part of its load. The product was cleaned
up and disposed of in a professional manner.

X

No

Crop Science, Belford Roxo, Brazil, November 6, 2017
A truck collided front-on with a car trying to overtake. The car driver died.
The truck driver was not injured. The majority of the liquid Bayer load was
pumped off, some of it burnt off and the rest of the product was cleaned up
and disposed of in a professional manner.

X

Crop Science, Yuki, Japan, November 14, 2017
During transportation on Bayer premises, an intermediate bulk container (IBC)
that had been wrongly secured by the disposal company and was filled with
wastewater from Bayer was torn open and the contents leaked out. Most of
the wastewater could be cleaned up and disposed of in a professional
manner.

X

X

Yes

No

6

12

120

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

A 1.4.3.2-5/2 (continued)

Transport and Environmental Incidents 2017

1

Transport
Crop Science, Belford Roxo, Brazil, November 17, 2017
The driver of a truck lost control over the vehicle, which then caught fire. Part
of the load burnt off while the remaining product entered the soil. The
contaminated soil was ablated and disposed of in a professional manner.

X

Crop Science, Belford Roxo, Brazil, December 7, 2017
The driver of a truck lost control over the vehicle. Product leaked out, most of
which was cleaned up and disposed of in a professional manner. There was no
environmental impact.

X

1

Environ- Personal
mental
injury

X

No

No

Standard practice at Bayer is to record all personal injuries (also of third persons) reported to us in connection with our
business activities. A difference between the number of fatalities in Table A 1.4.3.2/1 and Table A 1.4.3.2-5/2 may occur
because for occupational injuries, by definition, we show only fatalities of Bayer and contractor employees who were under
immediate Bayer supervision.

1.4.3.3 Environmental Protection
We meet our responsibility to protect the environment in many different ways. We continuously
work to reduce the environmental impact of our business activities and develop product solutions
that benefit the environment. As a pure life science company too, Bayer continues to be actively
committed to climate protection.
For us, a resource-friendly and low-emissions approach to raw materials and energy is ecologically and economically expedient and efficient. These measures are designed to reduce environmental impact and, at the same time, cut the costs associated with materials, energy, emissions and
disposal.
Responsibilities and framework conditions are stipulated at Group level, e.g. by corporate policies,
targets and key performance indicators (KPIs). We use certified HSEQ management systems to
control operational implementation. Our environmental standards apply worldwide.

Energy consumption
As a consequence of the deconsolidation of Covestro, we now present two sets of data on energy
consumption at Bayer: with and excluding our service company Currenta. Currenta operates its
own combined heat and power plants at the Chempark sites in Germany and sells the electricity
and steam generated there primarily to other companies with energy-intensive production processes (including Covestro). This split allows transparent presentation of energy use in the Bayer
Group.
Total energy consumption falls compared with 2016
Compared with 2016, Bayer’s total energy consumption declined by 1.6% to 25.8 petajoules in
2017. When calculating total energy consumption, we differentiate between primary and secondary energy consumption. Primary energy consumption mainly comprises fossil fuels for our own
generation of electricity and steam. Secondary energy consumption reflects the purchase of electricity, steam and cooling energy.
Excluding Currenta, Bayer’s total energy consumption fell in 2017 by 4.1% to 15.4 petajoules.
Primary energy consumption at Bayer excluding Currenta fell by 15.1%, while secondary energy
consumption increased by 10.2%. This reflects the divestment of the chemical park infrastructure,
including the power plant, at the Crop Science site in Institute, West Virginia, United States, which
reduced primary energy consumption. At the same time, site-specific secondary energy consumption increased.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

121

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

A 1.4.3.3/1

Energy Consumption in the Bayer Group
TJ

Primary energy consumption at Bayer excluding Currenta

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

11,647

10,555

11,347

9,028

7,661

Natural gas

7,410

7,587

7,822

6,590

6,447

Coal

2,616

2,092

2,535

1,400

285

202

202

165

253

175

Waste

1,142

455

571

556

539

Other 1

277

219

254

229

215

5,628

5,467

5,991

7,022

7,739

Liquid fuels

Secondary energy consumption at Bayer excluding Currenta
Electricity 2

4,009

4,028

4,323

4,064

4,075

Steam

540

498

657

2,008

2,547

Steam from waste heat (process heat)

256

77

176

72

70

823

864

835

878

1,047

Total energy consumption at Bayer excluding Currenta

Cooling energy

17,275

16,022

17,338

16,050

15,400

Total energy consumption at Currenta

10,697

10,266

7,339

10,193

10,432

Total energy consumption in the Bayer Group

27,972

26,288

24,677

26,243

25,832

Bayer AG key data:
see also A 1.4.4

Prior years’ figures restated
1
E.g. hydrogen
2
The proportion of primary energy sources used in generating the electricity consumed depends on the respective national
electricity mix.

Since it operates power plants, Currenta uses primary energy resources. The steam and electricity
generated are mainly supplied to companies with energy-intensive production operations with
which it has supply agreements. Demand from these companies is exposed to fluctuations that
are beyond the influence of Currenta as an energy service provider. This explains the variations in
Currenta’s total energy consumption (2017: 10.4 petajoules, an increase of 2.3%).
Energy efficiency improved further
With effect from 2017, Bayer indicates energy efficiency as the relationship between the energy it
uses and its external sales, instead of the manufactured sales volume applied previously. Following
the deconsolidation of Covestro, this is a more appropriate reference value for our product portfolio.
Our Group target for 2020 is to improve the energy efficiency of Bayer excluding Currenta by 10%
relative to 2015. Bayer’s external sales excluding Currenta fell by 0.3% in 2017, while energy consumption decreased by 4.1%. As a result, our energy efficiency improved by around 3.8% compared
with the previous year. Compared with 2015, energy efficiency has improved by 12.6% overall.

Group target 2020:
improvement of 10%
in energy efficiency;
see also A 1.2.1

A 1.4.3.3/2

Energy Efficiency
2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

Energy efficiency of Bayer excluding Currenta

170.75

154.01

143.46

130.35

125.39

Energy efficiency of the Bayer Group

268.68

245.97

199.60

208.62

204.93

kWh / €1,000 external sales

Prior years’ figures restated

Combined heat and power processes account for high proportion
of in-house energy generation
More than 90% of our own energy generation comes from highly efficient combined heat and
power processes that convert approximately 80% of the fuel energy used into electricity and
heat. In addition, we purchase electricity on the market – through energy exchanges, for example. The electricity and heat generated and purchased are used in our own production facilities
and third-party facilities. The proportion of renewable energies is determined by the energy mix
of our energy suppliers. We comment in detail on these issues in our CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project) Report.

CDP: see Glossary

www.bayer.com/
CDP-Climate

122

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Air emissions
Climate protection
At Bayer, air emissions are caused mainly by the generation and consumption of electricity, steam
and process heat. As part of our Bayer Climate Program we have been able to continuously improve our energy efficiency, primarily by focusing on production and process innovations and
introducing energy management systems. Despite significantly expanding production (Bayer including Covestro’s energy-intensive production facilities), we reduced our absolute greenhouse
gas emissions significantly between 1990 and 2015, namely by around 30%. We have documented our successes in the CDP reports and in 2017 were again awarded leadership status, thus
reaffirming the top rating of the previous years.
As a pure life science company too, we want to continue making positive contributions to protecting the climate and managing the effects of climate change on several levels. This includes
reducing our production-related emissions with targets relating to improving energy efficiency
and lowering specific greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. In the future, we plan to focus more on
reducing emissions in nonproduction areas. These include our vehicle fleet (Sustainable Fleet
initiative), investigating the use of electric vehicles (electric mobility programs), optimizing logistics and further developing our information and communication technologies in terms of environmental aspects (Green IT). In addition, we are investigating further potential ways to lower greenhouse gas emissions along the value chain, such as the question of whether state-of-the-art
cultivation methods and innovative solutions for precision agriculture contribute to a lower CO2
footprint in agriculture.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.3-1

We are also working further to reduce our CO2 emissions in connection with our global fleet of
over 25,000 vehicles. For the just over 4,200 vehicles newly registered worldwide in 2017,
these rose to 157 g/km (2016: 145 g/km). Our goal as part of our Sustainable Fleet Initiative is
to reduce average CO2 emissions to 110 g/km for new vehicles registered in 2020. In 2018, we
shall reinforce our pilot projects on electric mobility, for example.

GHG Protocol:
see Glossary

Transparency on greenhouse gas emissions
Bayer reports all Group greenhouse gas emissions in line with the requirements of the Greenhouse
Gas (GHG) Protocol. Direct emissions from our own power plants, waste incineration plants and
production facilities (Scope 1) and indirect emissions from the procurement of electricity, steam
and cooling energy (Scope 2) are determined at all production locations and relevant research and
administrative sites.
Bayer reports in line with the updated GHG Protocol guideline for Scope 2, which states that
indirect emissions must be reported according to both the location-based and the market-based
methods.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

A 1.4.3.3/3

Greenhouse Gas Emissions of the Bayer Group
Million metric tons of CO 2 equivalents

2013

2014

2015

2016

Direct emissions 1

3.16

2.95

3.16

2.97

2.50

0.73

0.69

0.91

0.73

0.61

1.65

0.97

1.86

1.53

1.28

0.76

0.58

0.97

0.88

1.05

1.25

1.11

1.46

1.67

1.13

0.74

0.66

0.96

0.93

0.97

Bayer excluding Currenta
Indirect emissions 2 according to the location-based method
Bayer excluding Currenta
Indirect emissions 2 according to the market-based method
Bayer excluding Currenta
Total greenhouse gas emissions according to the
market-based method 3
Bayer excluding Currenta
Specific greenhouse gas emissions of Bayer excluding Currenta
(kg CO 2 e / €1,000 external sales), market-based method 3,4

2017

4.40

4.06

4.62

4.64

3.63

1.47

1.35

1.87

1.66

1.58

52.18

46.84

55.70

48.45

46.26

Bayer AG key data:
see also A 1.4.4

Prior years’ figures restated
1
In 2017, 94.86% of emissions were CO 2 emissions, 3.69% N 2 O emissions, just under 0.64% partially fluorinated hydrocarbons
and 0.08% methane.
2
Typically, CO 2 in incineration processes accounts for over 99% of all greenhouse gas emissions. When determining indirect
emissions, our calculations are therefore limited to CO 2 and indicate direct emissions in CO 2 equivalents.
3
The market-based method of the Scope 2 GHG Protocol most reliably reflects the indirect emissions and the success of emissions
reduction measures, so we used emissions volumes calculated using this method when calculating the total and specific
greenhouse gas emissions.
4
Specific Group emissions are calculated from the total volume of direct emissions, indirect emissions calculated using the marketbased method of the Scope 2 GHG Protocol and emissions from the vehicle fleet, divided by the external sales volume. Quantities
attributable to the supply of energy to external companies are deducted from the direct and indirect emissions.

In line with the GHG Protocol, in our energy balance we include all greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from the conversion of primary energy sources into electricity, steam or cooling energy.
This also applies to emissions of our service company Currenta, which additionally produces
energy for other companies at the German Chempark sites in Leverkusen, Krefeld-Uerdingen
and Dormagen that account for a significant proportion of our direct emissions. Consequently,
the figures for the greenhouse gas emissions in the Bayer Group are substantially higher than the
actual emissions resulting from the business activities of Bayer excluding Currenta alone.
In 2017, the Group recorded a reduction of 21.8% in total GHG emissions. GHG emissions of
Bayer excluding Currenta fell by 4.8%.
Direct emissions diminished across the Group by 15.8%, mainly due to the overhaul of a coal-fired
boiler at the Uerdingen site in Germany and the sale of the chemical park infrastructure at the
Crop Science site (including the attached power station) in Institute, West Virginia, United States.
Indirect emissions (market-based method) fell by 32.4%.
As with the calculation method for our energy efficiency, we changed our reporting of specific
greenhouse gas emissions in 2017. We indicate them as the relationship between GHG emissions
at Bayer excluding Currenta and our corresponding external sales. We are looking to achieve a
20% reduction in specific greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 compared with 2015.

Group target 2020:
reduction of 20% in
specific greenhouse
gas emissions;
see also A 1.2.1

Specific GHG emissions of Bayer excluding Currenta fell by 4.5% in 2017 compared with the
previous year.
The reporting of all relevant indirect emissions from the value chain is bindingly regulated by the
GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting & Reporting Standard. Bayer has
identified eight essential Scope 3 categories, which we report on in detail in the CDP Report.
In 2017, the Bayer Group was involved in European emissions trading with 11 plants in total.
The CO2 emissions of these plants amounted to approximately 1.85 million metric tons.

www.bayer.com/
CDP-Climate

123

124

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Reduction in other direct air emissions
Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) fell by 3.1% in 2017, while emissions of volatile
organic compounds (VOCs) excluding methane dropped by 5.0%. This is mainly due to the sale of
a site in France and the waste air treatment measures we have introduced in Vapi, India.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.3-2

The main source of both types of emissions is the Crop Science site in Vapi, India, which
accounts for 97.4% of ODS emissions and 67.9% of VOC emissions at Bayer. To significantly
reduce these emissions, Bayer launched a project at this site five years ago with the goal of
bringing together the many different sources of emissions at the site in a central waste air
treatment facility. The last subproject is to be implemented in 2018.
Other air emissions in the Group were positively influenced by an overhaul of a power plant at
the Krefeld-Uerdingen site in Germany. Sulfur dioxide emissions fell by 4.4%, particulate emissions by 8.0% and carbon monoxide emissions by 7.5%.
A 1.4.3.3-2/1

Other Direct Air Emissions
2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

ODS 1

0.0149

0.0142

0.0113

0.0088

0.0086

VOC 2

2.08

1.84

1.38

0.92

0.87

CO

0.62

0.57

0.60

0.66

0.61

NO X

1.68

1.53

1.60

1.50

1.52

SO X

1.26

1.16

1.13

0.96

0.92

Particulates

0.07

0.06

0.06

0.06

0.06

1,000 metric tons

Prior years’ figures restated
1
Ozone-depleting substances (ODS) in CFC-11 equivalents
2
Volatile organic compounds (VOC) excluding methane

Lower number of environmental incidents
A 1.4.3.3/4
Number of Environmental
Incidents

2013

10

2014

4

2015

2

2016

3

2017

2
0

6

12

The number of environmental incidents – i.e. incidents that result in the release of substances into
the environment – decreased from three to two in 2017. There was a personal injury in one of
these incidents. Factors that determine whether there is a reporting obligation include, in particular, the nature and quantity of the substance, the amount of damage caused and any consequences for nearby residents. In accordance with our internal voluntary commitment, we report
any leakage of substances with a high hazard potential from a quantity of 100 kg upward.
Both environmental incidents were transport incidents. Details of the environmental and transport
incidents in 2017 can be found in the section on transport incidents in Online Annex A 1.4.3.2-5.

Use of water and emissions into water
Clean water in sufficient quantities is essential for the health of people, animals and plants. Therefore it is essential that industrial water usage does not lead to local problems in the future such as
a shortage of water for the people living in the area. Our Water Position commits us to compliance
with international and local legislation to protect water resources and use them efficiently. We
are currently finalizing our Water Stewardship Strategy, in which we are combining and further
developing our activities in this area.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

125

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

In line with our Group target between 2013 and 2017, we introduced a water management
system at all Bayer sites in water-scarce areas or areas identified as being threatened by water
scarcity by the WBCSD Global Water Tool™. Using a method developed by Bayer, we analyzed
the yearly site data pertaining to water use, quality and source, and used this information to develop site-specific measures to introduce and improve water management.
Bayer supports the CEO Water Mandate of the U.N. Global Compact with the goal of working with
key stakeholders to develop sustainable approaches for water usage. In our annual response to
the CDP Water Disclosure, we report in detail on our water usage and the company-specific water
footprint. This represents a progress report for the CEO Water Mandate.
Water use
In 2017, total water use in the Group was 98 million cubic meters (2016: 93 million cubic meters).
Some 50% of all water used by Bayer is cooling water that is only heated in this process and does
not come into contact with products. It can be returned to the water cycle without further treatment in line with the relevant official permits.
At our production facilities, we endeavor to use water several times and to recycle it. Water is currently recycled at 17 sites, accounting for 48% of the total water used. The various forms of recycling include closed cooling cycles, reuse of treated wastewater and recirculation of steam condensates as process water. A total of around 6.9 million cubic meters of water was reused in 2017.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.3-3
A 1.4.3.3-3/1

Water Use in the Bayer Group in 2017 (million m³)
Water usage 1

Sources of water

Surface water

46 (47%)

Boreholes / springs

49 (50%)

Drinking water supplies

1 (1%)

Other sources

2 (2%)

Cooling water

Water discharged 1

49 (50%)

of which
recycled /
reused

7 (7%)

Production ²

49 (50%)

Once-through
cooling water

43 (60%)

Losses due to evaporation
from cooling water circuits

6 (8%)

Process wastewater
18 (24%)
with subsequent treatment
Process wastewater
5 (8%)
without subsequent treatment

1 The differences between volumes of water consumed and water discharged can be explained, for example, by

unquantified losses due to evaporation, leaks, quantities of water used as raw materials in products and volumes of condensate
generated through the use of steam as a source of energy.
2 Sum from production processes, sanitary wastewater and rinsing and cleaning processes in production

Group target 2017:
establishment of water
management at all sites
in water-scarce areas;
see also A 1.2.1

CDP: see Glossary

www.bayer.com/
CDP-Water

Bayer AG key data:
see also A 1.4.4

126

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

The volumes of water from each source have remained within the usual fluctuation range over the
past five years.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.3-4
A 1.4.3.3-4/1

Net Water Intake by Source
Million m³

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

Water consumption

117

104

110

93

98

of which from surface water

64

58

59

43

46

of which from boreholes / springs

50

43

48

47

49

of which from public drinking water supplies

1

1

1

1

1

of which from other sources, e.g. rainwater

2

2

2

2

2

Prior years’ figures restated

A 1.4.3.3/5
Process Wastewater
Volume
Million m3

2013

29

2014

30

2015

25

2016

22

2017

23
0

20

40

Wastewater
The total quantity of wastewater, including process and sanitary wastewater, was 23 million cubic
meters in 2017, which is 5.1% up on 2016. All wastewater is subject to strict controls before it is
discharged into the various disposal channels. 75.9% of Bayer’s wastewater worldwide was purified in wastewater treatment plants (Bayer or third-party facilities). Following careful analysis, the
remaining volume was categorized as environmentally safe according to official provisions and
returned to the natural water cycle.
We aim to minimize our emissions into wastewater. In 2017, most of our water emissions fell.
At the Dormagen site in Germany, however, discharges of nitrogen rose by 32% owing to a
change in the production portfolio. In 2017, we also applied alternative means of disposing of
product-containing wastewater such as incineration, distillation or chemical treatment.
A 1.4.3.3/6

Emissions into Water
1,000 metric tons

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

Phosphorus

0.08

0.06

0.06

0.05

0.04

Nitrogen

0.40

0.48

0.38

0.30

0.40

TOC 1

0.91

0.58

0.54

0.54

0.39

0.0043

0.0028

0.0021

0.0021

0.0019

Heavy metals
Inorganic salts

233

178

202

184

188

COD 2

2.73

1.74

1.63

1.62

1.17

Prior years’ figures restated
1
Total organic carbon
2
Chemical oxygen demand; calculated value based on TOC figures (TOC x 3 = COD)

Waste and recycling
Systematic waste management minimizes material consumption and disposal volumes. Safe disposal channels with separation according to the type of waste and economically expedient recycling processes serve this purpose. Production fluctuations and building refurbishment / land
remediation work also influence waste volumes and recycling paths. In accordance with Bayer’s
corporate policies, all production sites are obliged to prevent, recycle and reduce waste and dispose of it safely and in line with good environmental practices.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.3 Safety for People and the Environment
Augmented Version

Higher volumes of waste
In 2017, the total volume of waste generated rose by 9.9%. Owing to various construction activities at the site in Wuppertal, Germany, the volume of nonhazardous waste increased by 5.5%. The
volume of hazardous waste rose by 13.3%, primarily due to demolition work at the Belford Roxo
site in Brazil. The volume of hazardous waste from production rose by around 5.7%, mainly due to
changes in the production portfolio at the Dormagen site in Germany.
A 1.4.3.3/7

Waste Generated

1

1,000 metric tons

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

Total waste generated

729

718

759

770

846

Hazardous waste 2

363

377

431

428

485

316

335

381

394

417

of which hazardous waste from production 2

Prior years’ figures restated
1
Waste generated by Bayer only
2
Definition of hazardous waste in accordance with the local laws in each instance

The volume of waste disposed of rose by 9.3% in total. The volume proportions for the three
main types of disposal (landfill, incineration and recycling) have remained similar over the past five
years. 25% of waste disposed of could be recycled.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.3-5
A 1.4.3.3-5/1

Waste by Means of Disposal
1,000 metric tons

Total volume of waste disposed of

1

Volume removed to landfill

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

744

720

768

769

840

255

216

228

247

314
210

Volume incinerated

267

274

272

227

Volume recycled 2

210

216

241

228

214

Others 3

12

14

27

67

102
485

Total volume of hazardous waste disposed of 4

363

377

431

428

Volume removed to landfill

51

63

73

63

99

Volume incinerated / recycled

312

314

358

365

386

Prior years’ figures restated
1
Waste can also be stored at sites as an intermediate step. For that reason, the volume of waste disposed of differs slightly from
the volume of waste generated by Bayer.
2
Recycling refers to processes through which waste is reused or treated for reutilization.
3
E.g. passed on to third parties (e.g. providers / waste disposal companies)
4
Waste generated by Bayer only; definition of hazardous waste in accordance with the local laws in each instance

Our service company Currenta serves as a certified waste disposal plant operator at the
Chempark sites in Germany. At these locations, Bayer disposes not only of its own waste, but
also of waste from third parties (companies not belonging to the Bayer Group). In 2017, the
waste incineration plants operated by Currenta generated almost 800,000 metric tons of steam
from the incineration of more than 210,000 metric tons of waste from the Chempark sites and
some external production companies.

Bayer AG key data:
see also A 1.4.4

127

128

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.4 Nonfinancial and Other Disclosures by Bayer AG
Augmented Version

Recycling
Recycling and processing / treatment is impossible for a large proportion of our materials, especially pharmaceuticals and crop protection products. Throughout the Group, we make use of
opportunities for recycling within the framework of legal regulations.
Online Annex: A 1.4.3.3-6

Pharmaceuticals, Consumer Health and Animal Health

Production-related recycling takes place in line with the requirements of the relevant production
site. The disposal of pharmaceutical products is subject to strict safety criteria, so no recycling
is possible for the portfolios of these segments. Packaging materials are recycled in line with
national regulations as part of the country-specific infrastructure for waste disposal.
Crop Science

Material-based recycling is important in Crop Science’s active ingredient and intermediate
product manufacture and is regulated individually at each production site. Solvents, catalysts
and intermediates are repeatedly processed and returned to the production process. In the
global process development of active ingredients and intermediates, material recycling is considered an important development criterion.
Packaging materials are disposed of or recycled in line with national legislation. In many
countries with no legal regulation, the industry has set up a returns system in collaboration with
other providers.
Returns of obsolete stocks of crop protection products are limited to individual cases. The crop
protection product industry has set up voluntary initiatives in various countries for the proper
disposal of obsolete stocks. In addition, as part of its activities in the CropLife association,
Crop Science is working with the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
(FAO) and the World Bank to support the proper collection and disposal of obsolete stocks in
Africa.

1.4.4 Nonfinancial and Other Disclosures by Bayer AG
The importance of Bayer AG within the Group has increased as a result of the business lease
agreements described in A 1.1.2. Further disclosures are necessary due to the transfer of the
operational business of Bayer Pharma AG and Bayer CropScience AG in Germany to Bayer AG
and the related increase in the number of employees to 17,072 (2016: 2,322). This pertains especially to reporting on significant nonfinancial information, which also became mandatory for the
parent company Bayer AG as a result of the CSR Directive Implementation Act that went into
effect in 2017.
The integrated presentation was selected in the management report for the nonfinancial statement
to be issued for the first time in 2017 pursuant to Section 289 b through e of the German Commercial Code (HGB). All disclosures, provisions, described processes and key data contained in
the preceding statements in the management report apply to the Bayer Group including Bayer AG.
No additional aspects were identified pursuant to the CSR Directive Implementation Act that apply
exclusively to Bayer AG.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
1.4 Sustainable Conduct ///// 1.4.4 Nonfinancial and Other Disclosures by Bayer AG
Augmented Version

The following table contains significant nonfinancial and other key data of Bayer AG. Further information on the business performance and the situation of the company is found in A 2.3 “Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of Bayer AG.”
A 1.4.4/1

Nonfinancial and Other Key Data of Bayer AG
2017
R&D expenses (€ million)

2,186

Employees 1

17,072

Employees by function 1
Production
Marketing and distribution

8,858
936

R&D

5,468

General administration

1,810

Employees by gender 1
Women

6,104

Men

10,968

Personnel expenses (€ million)

2,045

Pension obligations (€ million)

4,251

Short-term incentive program (€ million)

194

Procurement spend (€ billion)

3.9

Safety
Recordable Incident Rate (RIR)

0.52

Lost Time Recordable Incident Rate (LTRIR)

0.34

Loss of Primary Containment Incident Rate (LoPC-IR)

0.21

Environmental protection

1

Total energy consumption (terajoules)

7,878

Total greenhouse gas emissions (million metric tons of CO 2 equivalents)

0.69

Water use (million cubic meters)

4.74

Total waste generated (1,000 metric tons)

302

Full-time equivalents (FTEs)

129

130

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.1 Overview of Business Performance ///// 2.1.1 Target Attainment 2017
Augmented Version

2. Report on Economic Position
2.1 Overview of Business Performance
2.1.1 Target Attainment 2017
2017 Group targets:
Growth and Profitability;
see also A 1.2.1

A 2.1.1/1

Target Attainment 2017
Forecast 2017
incl. Covestro 1

Transition to new forecast
2017 excl. Covestro 2

Low- to mid-single-digit
percentage increase 3

Low-single-digit percentage
increase 3

1.5% increase 3

More than €49 billion

€35 – 36 billion

€35 billion

EBITDA before
special items

Mid-single-digit percentage
increase

Slightly above the level of the
previous year

Level with previous year

Core earnings
per share

Mid-single-digit percentage
increase

Low-single-digit percentage
decrease

1.0% increase

Group sales

1 Issued in February 2017

2 Issued in October 2017

Target attainment

3 Currency- and portfolio-adjusted

2.1.2 Economic Position of the Bayer Group
In 2017, the Bayer Group’s operational business was at the prior-year level. Sales increased by
1.5% on a currency- and portfolio-adjusted basis, while EBITDA before special items came in at
the prior-year level despite negative currency effects. Pharmaceuticals once again posted sales
and earnings increases that resulted primarily from the strong development of our key growth
products Xarelto™, Eylea™, Xofigo™, Stivarga™ and Adempas™. Our Consumer Health business registered declining sales and earnings development, predominantly as a result of weak
business development in the United States. At Crop Science, currency- and portfolio-adjusted
sales and EBITDA before special items were down year on year. This development was attributable to an adjustment of inventories in the distribution channel in Brazil. Animal Health posted an
increase in sales and significant growth in EBITDA before special items. Core earnings per share
of the Bayer Group increased by 1.0% to €6.74. We met our adjusted Group forecast for the full
year for sales. EBITDA before special items came in slightly below our expectations, while core
earnings per share exceeded our expectations.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
2.1 Overview of Business Performance ///// 2.1.3 Key Events
Augmented Version

2.1.3 Key Events
We made significant progress in 2017 with our strategic objectives. We considerably reduced our
interest in Covestro AG from 64.2% as of December 31, 2016, to 24.6% a year later, generating
proceeds of some €4.7 billion. We placed a further 4% of Covestro AG shares into Bayer Pension
Trust e.V., which held an 8.9% interest as of December 31, 2017. As a result of the reduction in
the shares held and the conclusion of a control termination agreement with Covestro AG, Bayer
ceded de facto control over Covestro AG in the third quarter of 2017. Following deconsolidation
as of September 30, 2017, the Covestro Group was presented as an associate for the first time.
Continuing operations are now comprised exclusively of the life science businesses.
In January 2018, we divested a further 10.4% of Covestro shares, bringing our current direct interest in that company to 14.2%. It remains Bayer’s intention to achieve full separation from
Covestro.
In connection with the planned acquisition of Monsanto and the related customary closing conditions, including approval by the relevant antitrust and other authorities, Bayer in 2017 received half
of the regulatory approvals it had applied for. We are cooperating with the authorities in the ongoing procedures, including in the United States and Europe, as we look to close the transaction in
the second quarter of 2018.
In October 2017, furthermore, we signed an agreement concerning the sale of certain Crop Science businesses to BASF SE. The transaction is subject to an approval process by the regulatory
authorities and is contingent upon the successful closing of Bayer’s acquisition of Monsanto. The
transaction volume is €5.9 billion.

2.1.4 Economic Environment
World economy grows faster than in the previous year
The global economy grew at a faster pace in 2017 than in the previous year. In the United States,
strong momentum resulted particularly from investment activity. In Europe, too, the pace of economic growth increased despite uncertainty concerning the form of the United Kingdom’s exit
from the European Union. The growth rate of the Emerging Markets also picked up considerably.
The Chinese economy maintained the high level of growth seen in the previous year.
A 2.1.4/1

Economic Environment
Growth 1
2016

Growth 1
2017

World

+ 2.5%

+ 3.2%

European Union

+ 1.9%

+ 2.5%

+ 1.9%

+ 2.6%

United States

+ 1.5%

+ 2.2%

Emerging Markets ²

+ 3.9%

+ 4.8%

of which Germany

2016 figures restated
1
Real GDP growth, source: IHS Markit
2
Including about 50 countries defined by Global Insight as Emerging Markets in line with the World Bank
As of January 2018

See also A 2.2.2

131

132

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.1 Earnings Performance of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Currency development
Negative currency effects diminished sales of the Bayer Group by €490 million (–1.4%) and
EBITDA before special items by €195 million (–2.1%) in 2017. This currency effect negatively impacted the margin of our business by 0.2 percentage points.
A 2.1.4/2

Currency Development Bayer Group
Delta Fx
effect on
clean
EBITDA

Delta Fx
effect on
sales

Of which
delta Fx
effect from
hedging

€ million

2016

2017

CAD

1.47

1.46

26

(3)

(21)

CNY

7.36

7.61

(84)

(42)

(13)
(15)

GBP

0.82

0.88

(74)

(53)

JPY

120.06

126.39

(119)

5

67

RUB

73.79

65.71

103

47

(29)

USD

1.11

1.13

(125)

26

41

(490)

(195)

(11)

All currencies
Source: Bloomberg, annual average closing rates

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position
of the Bayer Group
2.2.1 Earnings Performance of the Bayer Group
A 2.2.1/1

Bayer Group Summary Income Statements
€ million

Q4 2016

Net sales

8,823

Q4 2017 Change %
8,596

– 2.6

34,943

2016

35,015

2017 Change %
+ 0.2

Cost of goods sold

(3,148)

(3,047)

– 3.2

(11,756)

(11,382)

– 3.2

Selling expenses

(3,198)

(3,074)

– 3.9

(11,148)

(11,116)

– 0.3

Research and development expenses

(1,245)

(1,234)

– 0.9

(4,405)

(4,504)

+ 2.2

General administration expenses

(553)

(588)

+ 6.3

(1,804)

(2,026)

+ 12.3

Other operating income (+) and expenses (–)

(93)

(28)

– 69.9

(92)

(84)

– 8.7

EBIT 1

586

625

+ 6.7

5,738

5,903

+ 2.9

Financial result

(224)

(258)

+ 15.2

(965)

(1,326)

+ 37.4

Income before income taxes

362

367

+ 1.4

4,773

4,577

– 4.1

Income taxes

(63)

(435)

.

(1,017)

(1,329)

+ 30.7
– 13.5

Income from continuing operations after taxes

299

(68)

– 122.7

3,756

3,248

Income from discontinued operations after taxes

208

218

+ 4.8

1,070

4,846

.

Income after income taxes (total)

507

150

– 70.4

4,826

8,094

+ 67.7

of which attributable to noncontrolling interest

54

2

– 96.3

295

758

+ 157.0

of which attributable to Bayer AG stockholders
(net income)

453

148

– 67.3

4,531

7,336

+61.9

2016 figures restated
1
For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures for the Bayer Group.”

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.1 Earnings Performance of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Group sales increased by 1.5% (Fx & portfolio adj.)
Sales of the Bayer Group rose by 1.5% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €35,015 million (reported: +0.2%) in
2017, including €3,392 million in Germany.
Sales of Pharmaceuticals advanced by 4.3% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €16,847 million. Our key
growth products once again posted strong gains. Consumer Health registered a slight decline in
sales of 1.7% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €5,862 million. Sales of Crop Science also declined slightly,
moving back by 2.2% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €9,577 million, while sales at Animal Health increased
by 2.0% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €1,571 million.
A 2.2.1/2

Changes in Sales
Bayer Group
2016

2017

Volume

+ 3.9

+ 2.3

Price

+ 0.8

– 0.8

Currency

– 2.2

– 1.4

Portfolio

0.0

+ 0.1

+ 2.5

+ 0.2

%

Total
2016 figures restated

Online Annex: A 2.2.1-1
A.2.2.1-1/1

Business Development by Region
Change in % 1
€ million

Q4 2016 Q4 2017 Reported

Change in % 1

Fx adj.

2016

+ 5.2

+ 6.9

13,062

13,388

+ 2.5

+ 2.9

– 8.0

– 1.0

10,066

10,143

+ 0.8

+ 1.7

1,774

– 4.7

+ 3.1

7,413

7,637

+ 3.0

+ 5.7

1,586

1,488

– 6.2

+ 0.1

4,402

3,847

– 12.6

– 9.5

8,823

8,596

– 2.6

+ 2.7

34,943

35,015

+ 0.2

+ 1.6

Europe / Middle East /
Africa

2,962

3,115

North America

2,413

2,219

Asia / Pacific

1,862

Latin America
Group
(incl. Reconciliation)

2017 Reported

Fx adj.

2016 figures restated
Fx adj.= currency adjusted
1
For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

The cost of goods sold declined by 3.2% to €11,382 million in 2017. The ratio of the cost of
goods sold to total sales therefore declined year on year to 32.5% (2016: 33.6%). The selling
expenses of €11,116 million (–0.3%) amounted to 31.7% of sales (2016: 31.9%). Research and
development (R&D) expenses rose by 2.2% to €4,504 million. The ratio of R&D expenses to sales
was 12.9% (2016: 12.6%). General administration expenses climbed by 12.3% to €2,026 million,
due especially to additional expenditures for the Monsanto acquisition. The ratio of general administration expenses to total sales therefore increased to 5.8% (2016: 5.2%). The balance of other
operating expenses and other operating income of minus €84 million (2016: minus €92 million)
was at the prior-year level.

133

134

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.1 Earnings Performance of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

EBITDA before special items at prior-year level
EBITDA before special items of the Bayer Group was at the prior-year level (–0.3%), coming in at
€9,288 million (2016: €9,318 million; Fx adj. +1.8%). At Pharmaceuticals, EBITDA before special
items climbed by an encouraging 8.8% to €5,711 million (2016: €5,251 million). This growth was
chiefly due to the good business development of our key growth products coupled with a lower
cost of goods sold. At Consumer Health, EBITDA before special items declined substantially, falling by 12.8% to €1,231 million, due particularly to lower volumes and a higher cost of goods sold.
EBITDA before special items also declined markedly at Crop Science, falling by 15.6% to
€2,043 million. This was largely attributable to the effects of an adjustment in inventories in the
distribution channel in Brazil. At Animal Health, EBITDA before special items improved substantially, rising by 9.2% to €381 million.

Depreciation and amortization
See also A 2.4

+

2.9 %

Increase in EBIT

See also A 2.4

Special items by segment: see also A 2.2.2

Depreciation, amortization and impairment losses declined by 13.2% in 2017 to €2,660 million
(2016: €3,063 million). They comprised €1,679 million (2016: €2,193 million) in amortization and
impairments on intangible assets and €981 million (2016: €870 million) in depreciation and impairments on property, plant and equipment. Impairment losses in the amount of €474 million (2016:
€566 million) as well as accelerated depreciation in the amount of €28 million (2016: €5 million)
were included in special items. EBITDA for the reporting year amounted to €8,563 million.

EBIT and special items
EBIT increased by 2.9% in 2017 to €5,903 million after special charges of €1,227 million (2016:
€1,088 million). These mainly comprised €450 million in impairment losses on intangible assets
and €304 million in expenses in connection with the planned acquisition of Monsanto. Further
special charges included €227 million for efficiency improvement programs and €188 million in
provisions for litigations and legal risks. EBIT before special items rose by 4.5% to €7,130 million
(2016: €6,826 million).
In 2017, the following special effects were taken into account in calculating EBIT and EBITDA
before special items.
A 2.2.1/3

Special Items Reconciliation by Segment

1

EBIT
Q4 2016

EBIT
Q4 2017

EBIT
2016

EBIT
2017

EBITDA
Q4 2016

EBITDA
Q4 2017

EBITDA
2016

EBITDA
2017

Before special items

1,173

1,257

6,826

7,130

1,806

1,783

9,318

9,288

Pharmaceuticals

(310)

(187)

(558)

(340)

(152)

(128)

(167)

(135)

Consumer Health

(199)

(258)

(292)

(300)

(38)

(54)

(115)

(86)

Crop Science

(39)

(155)

(143)

(408)

(37)

(111)

(141)

(327)

Animal Health

(5)

(23)

(7)

(31)

(4)

(21)

(6)

(29)

Reconciliation

(34)

(9)

(88)

(148)

(34)

(9)

(88)

(148)

Restructuring

€ million

(34)

(15)

(83)

(57)

(34)

(15)

(83)

(57)

Litigations / legal risks

–

37

(5)

(60)

–

37

(5)

(60)

Acquisition costs

–

(31)

–

(31)

–

(31)

–

(31)

Total special items

(587)

(632)

(1,088)

(1,227)

(265)

(323)

(517)

(725)

Impairment losses / reversals

(330)

(304)

(561)

(450)

(12)

(2)

(12)

(3)

Litigations / legal risks

(85)

(88)

(94)

(188)

(85)

(88)

(94)

(188)

Acquisition costs

(64)

(134)

(186)

(304)

(64)

(134)

(186)

(304)

Restructuring

(104)

(103)

(242)

(227)

(100)

(97)

(220)

(197)

Divestments

(4)

(3)

(5)

(58)

(4)

(2)

(5)

(33)

After special items

586

625

5,738

5,903

1,541

1,460

8,801

8,563

1

For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Bayer Annual Report 2017

135

A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.1 Earnings Performance of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

A 2.2.1/4

Special Items Reconciliation by Functional Costs
€ million

Total special items

1

1

EBIT
Q4 2016

EBIT
Q4 2017

EBIT
2016

EBIT
2017

EBITDA
Q4 2016

EBITDA
Q4 2017

EBITDA
2016

EBITDA
2017

(587)

(632)

(1,088)

(1,227)

(265)

(323)

(517)

(725)

of which cost of goods sold

(193)

(48)

(412)

(163)

(53)

(44)

(93)

(105)

of which selling expenses

(221)

(249)

(317)

(305)

(39)

(47)

(99)

(71)

of which research and
development expenses

(18)

(116)

(84)

(232)

(17)

(13)

(50)

(22)

of which general administration
expenses

(69)

(131)

(185)

(339)

(69)

(131)

(185)

(339)

of which other operating
income / expenses

(86)

(88)

(90)

(188)

(87)

(88)

(90)

(188)

For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Income after income taxes from discontinued operations
Income after income taxes from discontinued operations rose to €4,846 million (2016:
€1,070 million). Of this amount, €4,468 million (2016: €802 million) was attributable to Covestro.
This figure primarily comprises a gain from deconsolidation and on remeasurement of the remaining interest at the end of the third quarter, as well as operating income in the first nine months of
2017. In comparison with the prior-year reporting period, Covestro increased sales during the first
nine months of 2017 by 19.9% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €10,556 million (9M 2016: €8,829 million), in
particular owing to significantly higher selling prices and higher volumes. EBITDA before special
items of Covestro improved by 56.2% in the first nine months to €2,517 million (9M 2016:
€1,611 million). Substantially higher selling prices more than offset increased raw material prices.

Increase in net income
Including a financial result of minus €1,326 million (2016: minus €965 million), income before income taxes was €4,577 million (2016: €4,773 million). Among other items, the financial result
comprised net interest expense of €413 million (2016: €504 million), currency hedging costs in the
amount of €326 million (2016: €121 million), and interest cost of €189 million (2016: €251 million)
for pension and other provisions, as well as net other financial expenses of €428 million (2016:
€87 million). The financial result included special charges of €611 million (2016: positive special
items of €105 million), mainly in conjunction with the planned acquisition of Monsanto and the
exchangeable bond issued in June 2017.
Income taxes amounted to €1,329 million (2016: €1,017 million). This includes a negative onetime effect of €455 million that relates exclusively to the tax reform in the United States and results
from the revaluation of deferred tax items and the recognition of an additional tax on unrepatriated
profits. After income tax expense, income from discontinued operations after taxes and noncontrolling interest, net income in 2017 came to €7,336 million (2016: €4,531 million).

Core earnings per share increased by 1.0%
Earnings per share (total) in 2017 improved to €8.41 (2016: €5.44). This takes into account the
remeasurement of the shares in Covestro AG in the third quarter of 2017, which is reflected in
income from discontinued operations. Core earnings per share from continuing operations improved by 1.0% to €6.74 (2016: €6.67). This includes the effect of the difference in the number of
shares, which grew significantly in 2017 as a result of the mandatory convertible notes issued in
November 2016. If the number of shares had remained the same, core earnings per share from
continuing operations would have improved by 5.8% to €7.06.

See also A 2.2.4

136

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.1 Earnings Performance of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

A 2.2.1/5

Core Earnings per Share

1

Q4 2016

Q4 2017

2016

2017

EBIT (as per income statements)

586

625

5,738

5,903

Amortization and impairment losses / loss reversals on intangible assets

717

602

2,193

1,679

Impairment losses / loss reversals on property, plant and equipment,
and accelerated depreciation included in special items

12

16

29

84

€ million

Special items (other than accelerated depreciation, amortization and
impairment losses / loss reversals)

265

323

517

725

Core EBIT

1,580

1,566

8,477

8,391

Financial result (as per income statements)

(224)

(258)

(965)

(1,326)

Special items in the financial result

(61)

250

(105)

611

Income taxes (as per income statements)

(63)

(435)

(1,017)

(1,329)

–

455

–

455

Special items in income taxes
Tax effects related to amortization, impairment losses / loss reversals
and special items

(293)

(342)

(826)

(922)

Income after income taxes attributable to noncontrolling interest
(as per income statements)

(4)

(2)

(13)

1

Above-mentioned adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interest

–

–

(1)

–

935

1,234

5,550

5,881

849,167,808

872,467,808

832,502,808

872,107,808

1.10

1.41

6.67

6.74

Core net income from continuing operations
Shares
Weighted average number of shares
€
Core earnings per share from continuing operations
1

For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Online Annex: A 2.2.1-2

Development in the fourth quarter of 2017
Group sales in the fourth quarter of 2017 rose by 2.7% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €8,596 million
(reported: – 2.6%). Germany accounted for €883 million of this figure.

Sales of Pharmaceuticals improved by 3.6% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €4,215 million (reported:
– 1.4%), due in particular to the strong business development of our key growth products.
Sales at Consumer Health came in 4.2% (Fx & portfolio adj.) below the prior-year quarter at
€1,399 million (reported: – 9.1%). Sales of Crop Science were up slightly year on year,
advancing by 1.1% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €2,263 million (reported: – 5.9%). Animal Health
sales edged 1.8% higher to €322 million.
EBITDA before special items of the Bayer Group declined slightly, moving back by 1.3% to

€1,783 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 (Q4 2016: €1,806 million; Fx adj. + 4.4%). At Pharmaceuticals, EBITDA before special items edged forward by 1.5% to €1,235 million (Q4 2016:
€1,217 million). EBITDA before special items of Consumer Health fell by a substantial 32.5% to
€251 million. EBITDA before special items of Crop Science declined by 13.4% to €304 million
(Q4 2016: €351 million). EBITDA before special items of Animal Health increased markedly,
moving forward by 28.9% to €49 million (Q4 2016: €38 million).
EBIT of the Bayer Group climbed by 6.7% to €625 million in the fourth quarter of 2017
(Q4 2016: €586 million) after special charges of €632 million (Q4 2016: €587 million). These
mainly comprised €304 million in impairment losses on intangible assets and €134 million in
expenses related to the planned acquisition of Monsanto. Litigations resulted in additional
charges of €88 million. EBIT before special items advanced by 7.2% to €1,257 million
(Q4 2016: €1,173 million).

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

137

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.1 Earnings Performance of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

A 2.2.1-2/1

Bayer Group Quarterly Sales, EBIT and EBITDA before Special Items
Q1

Q2

Q3

2016

2017

2016

2017

Sales

9,004

9,680

8,858

8,714

EBIT 1

1,984

2,427

1,771

1,463

2,883

3,054

2,511

2,247

2,118

€ million

EBITDA before special items

1

2016

Q4

Total

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

8,258

8,025

8,823

8,596

34,943

35,015

1,397

1,388

586

625

5,738

5,903

2,204

1,806

1,783

9,318

9,288

2016 figures restated.
1
For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Including a financial result of minus €258 million (Q4 2016: minus €224 million), income before
income taxes came in at €367 million (Q4 2016: €362 million). The financial result mainly comprised net interest expense of €59 million (Q4 2016: €135 million), interest cost of €46 million
(Q4 2016: €73 million) for pension and other provisions, and currency hedging losses of
€5 million (Q4 2016: currency hedging gains of €36 million), as well as other financial income
and expenses of minus €187 million (2016: minus €48 million). The financial result included
special charges of €250 million (2016: positive special items of €61 million), mainly in conjunction with the planned acquisition of Monsanto and the exchangeable bond issued in June 2017.
Income taxes amounted to €435 million (Q4 2016: €63 million). This figure includes a negative
special effect of €455 million that relates to the tax reform in the United States and results from
the revaluation of deferred tax items and the recognition of an additional tax on unrepatriated
profits. After income tax expense, income from discontinued operations after taxes and noncontrolling interest, net income in the fourth quarter of 2017 came to €148 million (Q4 2016:
€453 million).
Earnings per share (total) declined to €0.17 in the fourth quarter of 2017 (Q4 2016: €0.53),

due mainly to a special effect in income tax expense in connection with the tax reform
in the United States. Core earnings per share from continuing operations improved to €1.41
(Q4 2016: €1.10). This is partly due to the difference in the number of shares, which grew significantly in 2017 as a result of the mandatory convertible notes issued in November 2016. If
the number of shares had remained the same, core earnings per share would have improved
by 31.8% to €1.45.
Net cash provided by operating activities in continuing operations increased by 12.8% to
€2,256 million (Q4 2016: €2,000 million), due mainly to lower tax payments. In the fourth quarter of 2017, we paid income taxes amounting to €291 million (Q4 2016: €576 million). Cash inflows from operating activities (total) fell by a substantial 16.9% to €2,269 million (Q4 2016:
€2,732 million), due entirely to the deconsolidation of Covestro in the preceding quarter.
Net financial debt declined by €1.1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017 to €3.6 billion (September 30, 2017: €4.7 billion), due mainly to cash inflows from operating activities. The net defined
benefit liability for post-employment benefits increased by €0.2 billion against September 30,
2017, to €8.0 billion, due primarily to a slight decline in long-term capital market interest rates
for high-quality corporate bonds in Germany.

138

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.2 Business Development by Segment
Augmented Version

2.2.2 Business Development by Segment
Pharmaceuticals
Pharmaceuticals market continues to grow
Growth in the pharmaceuticals market in 2017 was 3% (2016: 5%). Intensified pricing pressure
caused by generic competition and health care reforms led to lower growth in all regions compared with the prior year.
A 2.2.2/1

Key Data – Pharmaceuticals
Change % 1
€ million

Q4 2016

Q4 2017

Sales

4,275

4,215

Volume

+ 7.2%

Price

– 0.1%

Currency
Portfolio

Reported Fx & p adj.

Change % 1
2016

2017

16,420

16,847

+ 6.4%

+ 9.0%

+ 5.2%

– 2.8%

– 0.3%

– 0.9%

+ 0.2%

– 4.8%

– 1.4%

– 1.7%

0.0%

– 0.2%

0.0%

0.0%

– 1.4

+ 3.6

Reported Fx & p adj.
+ 2.6

+ 4.3

Reported

Fx adj.

Change in sales 1

Reported

Fx adj.

Sales by region
Europe / Middle East / Africa

1,684

1,720

+ 2.1

+ 3.7

6,417

6,521

+ 1.6

+ 2.4

North America

1,107

1,027

– 7.2

– 1.1

4,194

4,229

+ 0.8

+ 2.1

Asia / Pacific

1,203

1,188

– 1.2

+ 7.1

4,775

5,013

+ 5.0

+ 8.5

Latin America

281

280

– 0.4

+ 2.5

1,034

1,084

+ 4.8

+ 5.1

1,065

1,107

+ 3.9

5,084

5,576

+ 9.7

(167)

(135)

+ 1.5

5,251

5,711

32.0%

33.9%

3,389

4,325

(558)

(340)

EBITDA 1
Special items 1

(152)

(128)

EBITDA before special items 1

1,217

1,235

EBITDA margin before special items 1

28.5%

29.3%

+ 8.8

EBIT 1

606

795

Special items 1

(310)

(187)

EBIT before special items 1

916

982

+ 7.2

3,947

4,665

+ 18.2

1,326

1,330

+ 0.3

3,368

3,867

+14.8

Net cash provided
by operating activities

+ 31.2

+ 27.6

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted; Fx adj. = currency-adjusted
1
For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Increase in sales
Sales of Pharmaceuticals rose by 4.3% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €16,847 million in 2017. Our key
growth products Xarelto™, Eylea™, Stivarga™, Xofigo™ and Adempas™ once again registered
strong growth, as their combined sales rose by 16.3% (Fx adj.) to €6,196 million (2016:
€5,413 million). Combined sales of the 15 best-selling Pharmaceuticals products advanced by
6.9% (Fx adj.). Sales of Kogenate™ declined considerably due particularly to a lower order volume
for the active ingredient from a distribution partner. After adjusting for this effect, sales of Pharmaceuticals rose by 5.6% (Fx & portfolio adj.).

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

139

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.2 Business Development by Segment
Augmented Version

A 2.2.2/2

Best-Selling Pharmaceuticals Products
Change % 1

Change % 1

€ million

Q4 2016

Q4 2017

Reported

Fx adj.

2016

2017

Reported

Fx adj.

Xarelto™

836

914

+ 9.3

+ 12.5

2,928

3,298

+ 12.6

+ 13.9

161

178

+ 10.6

+ 10.1

489

519

+ 6.1

+ 6.0

426

507

+ 19.0

+ 24.2

1,625

1,880

+ 15.7

+ 18.5

of which U.S.A. 2
Eylea™
of which U.S.A. 3

0

0

.

.

0

0

.

.

90

101

+ 12.2

+ 20.0

331

408

+ 23.3

+ 25.6

59

59

.

+ 8.4

225

242

+ 7.6

+ 9.6

77

80

+ 3.9

+ 12.4

275

315

+ 14.5

+ 17.2

42

41

– 2.4

+ 7.2

142

166

+ 16.9

+ 19.3

70

72

+ 2.9

+ 8.7

254

295

+ 16.1

+ 17.8

35

30

– 14.3

– 3.3

121

144

+ 19.0

+ 21.3

1,499

1,674

+ 11.7

+ 16.1

5,413

6,196

+ 14.5

+ 16.3

268

255

– 4.9

+ 2.0

1,043

1,126

+ 8.0

+ 9.2

of which U.S.A.

178

161

– 9.6

– 1.3

701

746

+ 6.4

+ 8.1

Kogenate™ / Kovaltry™

288

217

– 24.7

– 21.2

1,166

967

– 17.1

– 15.9

of which U.S.A.

106

68

– 35.8

– 30.4

394

322

– 18.3

– 17.0

224

204

– 8.9

– 3.3

870

834

– 4.1

– 2.7

80

67

– 16.3

– 8.8

312

294

– 5.8

– 4.1

185

152

– 17.8

– 12.6

734

651

– 11.3

– 10.0

94

80

– 14.9

– 7.5

386

357

– 7.5

– 6.1

147

147

.

.

624

648

+ 3.8

+ 7.0

Xofigo™
of which U.S.A.
Stivarga™
of which U.S.A.
Adempas™
of which U.S.A.
Subtotal key growth products
Mirena™ product family

Nexavar™
of which U.S.A.
Betaferon™ / Betaseron™
of which U.S.A.
Adalat™
of which U.S.A.
YAZ™ / Yasmin™ / Yasminelle™
of which U.S.A.
Aspirin™ Cardio
of which U.S.A.
Glucobay™

0

0

.

.

1

0

.

.

159

153

– 3.8

– 0.1

678

648

– 4.4

– 4.2

21

14

– 33.3

– 29.3

128

83

– 35.2

– 34.7

135

137

+ 1.5

+ 7.1

538

581

+ 8.0

+ 10.5

0

0

.

.

0

0

.

.

123

130

+ 5.7

+ 12.3

515

563

+ 9.3

+ 13.0

of which U.S.A.

1

0

.

.

3

2

.

.

Gadavist™ / Gadovist™

88

89

+ 1.1

+ 6.3

346

365

+ 5.5

+ 7.2
+ 12.7

of which U.S.A.

24

25

+ 4.2

+ 10.7

104

116

+ 11.5

Avalox™ / Avelox™

81

75

– 7.4

– 13.3

353

333

– 5.7

– 5.1

of which U.S.A.

1

1

.

.

5

7

+ 40.0

+ 36.4

Total best-selling products

3,197

3,233

+ 1.1

+ 5.6

12,280

12,912

+ 5.1

+ 6.9

Proportion of Pharmaceuticals sales

75%

77%

75%

77%

Total best-selling products in U.S.A.

802

724

– 9.7

– 3.7

3,011

2,998

– 0.4

+ 0.9

Fx adj. = currency-adjusted
1
For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
2
Marketing rights owned by a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, U.S.A.
3
Marketing rights owned by Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc., U.S.A.

Sales by product
> Business with our oral anticoagulant Xarelto™ continued to develop successfully in 2017. The
significant growth in sales was primarily attributable to higher volumes in Europe, Japan and
China. We also posted further gains for our license revenues – recognized as sales – in the
United States, where Xarelto™ is marketed by a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson.
> We recorded strong growth with our eye medicine Eylea™, due especially to expanded
volumes in Europe, Canada and Japan.
> Sales of our cancer drug Xofigo™ increased significantly, due mainly to its market launch in
Japan in 2016 and to higher demand in the United States.
> We registered a substantial increase in sales of our cancer drug Stivarga™. Here we benefited
from new approvals for the drug in 2017 as a second-line treatment for patients with
hepatocellular carcinoma, especially in the United States and Japan.

+

16.3%

growth in sales of our
key growth products
(Fx adj.)

140

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.2 Business Development by Segment
Augmented Version

> We posted strong growth in sales of our pulmonary hypertension treatment Adempas™, mainly

>

>

>

>

>

>

>

>

as a result of expanded volumes in the United States. As in the past, sales of the product
reflected the proportionate recognition of upfront and milestone payments resulting from the
sGC collaboration with Merck & Co., United States.
Business with the hormone-releasing intrauterine devices of the Mirena™ product family
(Mirena™, Kyleena™ and Jaydess™ / Skyla™) expanded noticeably. This trend mainly reflected
the successful launch of the Kyleena™ intrauterine device, which led to higher volumes
particularly in the United States and Europe. Sales of Mirena™ grew primarily in Latin America
and China.
Sales of the blood-clotting medicines Kogenate™ / Kovaltry™ were down sharply overall due to
lower order volumes being placed for the active ingredient by a distribution partner ahead of the
planned contract termination at the end of the year. Adjusted for this development, sales came
in at the prior-year level.
We registered a slight decline in sales of our cancer drug Nexavar™. This resulted from
decreased demand and elevated pressure on prices, particularly in Germany and the United
States.
As expected, sales of our multiple sclerosis product Betaferon™ / Betaseron™ continued to fall.
Volumes receded primarily as a result of a highly competitive market environment in the United
States and Europe.
We registered a decline in sales of our YAZ™ / Yasmin™ / Yasminelle™ line of oral
contraceptives, due primarily to generic competition in the United States. Sales growth in
Japan, where we benefited from a product line extension, and in China was insufficient to offset
this effect.
We posted marked sales gains for Adalat™, our product to treat hypertension, our Aspirin™
Cardio product for the secondary prevention of heart attacks, and for our diabetes treatment
Glucobay™, mainly as a result of a continued positive business performance in China.
There was an encouraging increase in sales of our MRI contrast agent Gadavist™ / Gadovist™
that was primarily attributable to the positive development of business in the United States and
Japan.
Sales of the antibiotic Avalox™ / Avelox™ declined mainly as a result of lower license revenues
in Europe. Encouraging sales development in China was not sufficient to offset this effect.

Earnings
In 2017, EBITDA before special items increased by an encouraging 8.8% to €5,711 million. Adjusted for negative currency effects of €98 million, earnings advanced by 10.6%. Growth was
mainly driven by higher volumes and a lower cost of goods sold. Expenses for research and
development were level with the prior year and included a gain in the mid-double-digit millions
from a development collaboration. In addition, we recorded a positive earnings effect from the
recognition of a receivable in the mid-double-digit millions as one of our distribution partners for
the active ingredient in Kogenate™ did not fulfill its purchase obligation.
EBIT of Pharmaceuticals rose by a substantial 27.6% to €4,325 million, after special charges of

€340 million (2016: €558 million). These mainly comprised €207 million in impairment losses on
intangible assets and €124 million in provisions for litigations.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

141

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.2 Business Development by Segment
Augmented Version

A 2.2.2/3
1

Special Items Pharmaceuticals
EBIT
Q4 2016

€ million

EBIT
2016

EBIT
2016

EBITDA
Q4 2016

EBITDA
Q4 2017

EBITDA
2016

EBITDA
2017

Restructuring

(51)

(2)

(69)

(9)

(51)

(2)

(67)

(8)

Litigations

(89)

(124)

(88)

(124)

(89)

(124)

(88)

(124)

Impairment losses / reversals

(170)

(61)

(401)

(207)

(12)

(2)

(12)

(3)

(310)

(187)

(558)

(340)

(152)

(128)

(167)

(135)

Total special items
1

EBIT
Q4 2017

For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Online Annex: A 2.2.2-1

The development of Pharmaceuticals in 2017 is shown in the following graphics (A 2.2.2-1/1,
A 2.2.2-1/2 and A 2.2.2-1/3).
A 2.2.2-1/1

Pharmaceuticals Quarterly Sales
€ million

Q1 2016

3,889
4,263

Q2 2016

4,104
4,304

Q3 2016

4,152
4,065

Q4 2016

4,275
4,215

2017

2017

2017

2017
0

500

1,000

1,500

2,000

2,500

3,000

3,500

4,000

4,500

A 2.2.2-1/2

Pharmaceuticals
Quarterly EBIT 1

5,000

A 2.2.2-1/3

Pharmaceuticals
Quarterly EBITDA before Special Items 1
€ million

€ million

2016
Q1 2017

698
1,219

2016
Q1 2017

1,261
1,502

2016

988
1,102

Q2 2017

2016

1,352
1,481

2016

1,097
1,209

Q3 2017

2016

1,421
1,493

2016

606
795

Q4 2017

2016

1,217
1,235

Q2 2017
Q3 2017
Q4 2017
0

200

400

600

800

1,000

1,200

0

200

1 For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

400

600

800

1,000 1,200 1,400 1,600

142

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.2 Business Development by Segment
Augmented Version

Consumer Health
Market growth unchanged
In 2017, growth of the global Consumer Health market came in at slightly below 4% (2016: 4%).
Important growth drivers included steady demand for self-care products and a strong cold season
in Europe. In contrast, a weaker allergy season, pricing pressure in the e-commerce distribution
channel, and intensified competition weighed on growth.
A 2.2.2/4

Key Data – Consumer Health
Change % 1
Reported Fx & p adj.

Change % 1

€ million

Q4 2016

Q4 2017

Sales

1,539

1,399

Volume

+ 1.5%

– 4.2%

+ 0.6%

– 3.0%

Price

+ 2.9%

0.0%

+ 2.9%

+ 1.3%

Currency

– 2.2%

– 4.9%

– 4.1%

– 1.2%

Portfolio

0.0%

0.0%

0.0%

0.0%

– 9.1

– 4.2

2016

2017

6,037

5,862

Reported Fx & p adj.
– 2.9

– 1.7

Reported

Fx adj.

Changes in sales 1

Reported

Fx adj.

Sales by region
Europe / Middle East / Africa

499

491

– 1.6

+ 0.8

1,918

1,962

+ 2.3

+ 2.1

North America

649

581

– 10.5

– 2.5

2,627

2,480

– 5.6

– 4.1

Asia / Pacific

194

145

– 25.3

– 19.6

781

738

– 5.5

– 4.0

Latin America

197

182

– 7.6

– 6.6

711

682

– 4.1

– 0.4

334

197

– 41.0

1,296

1,145

– 11.7

(115)

(86)

– 32.5

1,411

1,231

23.4%

21.0%

EBITDA 1
Special items 1

(38)

(54)

EBITDA before special items 1

372

251

24.2%

17.9%

EBITDA margin before special items1
EBIT 1

68

(110)

Special items 1

(199)

(258)

EBIT before special items 1

267

148

Net cash provided
by operating activities

221

297

.

– 12.8

695

518

(292)

(300)

– 25.5

– 44.6

987

818

– 17.1

+ 34.4

874

1,059

+ 21.2

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted; Fx adj. = currency-adjusted
1
For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Sales decline slightly against the previous year
Sales of Consumer Health fell by 1.7% (Fx & portfolio adj.) in 2017 to €5,862 million. This was
attributable to persistently weak business development in the United States. Furthermore, the
Chinese authorities changed the legal status of two of our medicated skincare brands from OTC
to prescription, which led to sales declines of around €70 million in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Sales in Latin America came in at the prior-year level (Fx adj.). By contrast, business expanded
slightly in Europe / Middle East / Africa, and particularly in Germany.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

143

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.2 Business Development by Segment
Augmented Version

A 2.2.2/5

Best-Selling Consumer Health Products
Change % 1

Change % 1

€ million

Q4 2016

Q4 2017

Reported

Fx adj.

2016

2017

Reported

Claritin™

122

113

– 7.4

+ 3.2

605

585

– 3.3

Fx adj.
– 2.4

Aspirin™

126

124

– 1.6

+ 4.5

463

462

– 0.2

+ 1.8
+ 6.6

Bepanthen™ / Bepanthol™

90

96

+ 6.7

+ 13.6

362

379

+ 4.7

Aleve™

115

103

– 10.4

– 2.8

416

375

– 9.9

– 7.9

Canesten™

64

68

6.3

– 12.4

269

278

+ 3.3

+ 3.5

Alka-Seltzer™ product family

87

73

– 16.1

– 9.2

253

244

– 3.6

– 1.2

One A Day™

67

63

– 6.0

+ 4.2

222

222

0.0

+ 2.3

Dr. Scholl’s™ ²

55

54

– 1.8

+ 4.4

235

211

– 10.2

– 8.6

Coppertone™

17

11

– 35.3

– 22.7

219

208

– 5.0

– 6.5

Elevit™

48

42

– 12.5

– 5.6

182

189

+ 3.8

+ 4.7

Total

791

747

– 5.6

+ 0.2

3,226

3,153

– 2.3

– 0.9

Proportion of Consumer Health sales

51%

53%

53%

54%

Fx adj. = currency-adjusted
1
For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
2
Trademark rights and distribution only in certain countries outside the European Union

Sales by product
> Sales of the antihistamine Claritin™ were down slightly against the previous year, in which we
benefited from a product line extension in the United States. The main reason for this was
intensified competition in the United States and Japan. Sales developed positively in China.
> We posted slight growth for our analgesic Aspirin™ that resulted primarily from a positive
business performance in North America and Europe / Middle East / Africa. Including business
with Aspirin™ Cardio, which is reported under Pharmaceuticals, sales climbed by 6.5% (Fx adj.)
to €1,043 million (2016: €1,001 million).
> Business with our Bepanthen™ / Bepanthol™ wound and skin care products expanded. We
achieved gratifying sales gains particularly in Europe / Middle East / Africa, and especially in
Germany.
> Sales of our analgesic Aleve™ fell sharply compared with the previous year, which benefited
from a product line extension. The primary reason for the sales decline in 2017 was intense
competition in the United States.
> We achieved sales growth with our Canesten™ skin and intimate health products, in a
development that was mainly attributable to a positive business performance in China and the
United Kingdom.
> Sales of our Alka-Seltzer™ product family to treat gastric complaints and cold symptoms
declined slightly against the previous year. Sales declines in Latin America were partly offset by
gains in the United States that resulted mainly from a strong cold season.
> Sales of our One A Day™ vitamin product advanced further on a currency-adjusted basis,
especially in the United States, where we benefited from the expansion of our regular and ecommerce distribution channels.
> Sales of our Dr. Scholl’s™ foot care products declined markedly, particularly in the United
States, due to the repositioning of the brand. The success that followed this move was not
sufficient to fully offset the associated inventory reduction.
> Sales of our sunscreen product Coppertone™ were lower, primarily as a result of intensified
competition in the United States and Brazil.
> Business with our prenatal vitamin Elevit™ developed well, due mainly to steady demand in
Asia / Pacific.

144

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.2 Business Development by Segment
Augmented Version

Earnings
In 2017, EBITDA before special items declined by a substantial 12.8% to €1,231 million. Adjusted
for negative currency effects of €25 million, earnings were down 11.0%. This decline was largely
due to lower volumes, in part as a consequence of the reverse switch in China and the associated
effect of around €50 million, as well as a higher cost of goods sold, primarily as a result of inventory impairments. Earnings were also held back by higher selling expenses. Positive contributions
came from one-time gains of around €80 million, predominantly relating to the divestment of
noncore brands.
EBIT of Consumer Health receded by 25.5% to €518 million, after special charges of €300 million
(2016: €292 million). These comprised €202 million for impairment losses on intangible assets and
€98 million for restructuring measures.
A2.2.2/6
1

Special Items Consumer Health
EBIT
Q4 2016

EBIT
Q4 2017

Restructuring

(9)

Integration costs

(30)

€ million

Impairment losses /
reversals
Total special items
1

EBIT
2016

EBIT
2017

EBITDA
Q4 2016

EBITDA
Q4 2017

(56)

(32)

–

(100)

EBITDA
2016

EBITDA
2017

(98)

(8)

–

(30)

(54)

(15)

(86)

–

(100)

–

(160)

(202)

(160)

(202)

–

–

–

–

(199)

(258)

(292)

(300)

(38)

(54)

(115)

(86)

For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Online Annex: A 2.2.2-2

The development of Consumer Health in 2017 is shown in the following graphics (A 2.2.2-2/1,
A 2.2.2-2/2 and A 2.2.2-2/3).
A 2.2.2-2/1

Consumer Health Quarterly Sales
€ million

Q1 2016

1,520
1,601

Q2 2016

1,553
1,542

Q3 2016

1,425
1,320

Q4 2016

1,539
1,399

2017

2017

2017

2017
0

200

400

600

800

1,000

1,200

1,400

1,600

1,800

2,000

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

145

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.2 Business Development by Segment
Augmented Version

A 2.2.2-2/2

A 2.2.2-2/3

Consumer Health
Quarterly EBIT 1

Consumer Health
Quarterly EBITDA before Special Items 1
€ million

€ million

2016
Q1 2017

243
278

2016
Q1 2017

383
392

2016

190
195

Q2 2017

2016

328
314

2016

194
155

Q3 2017

2016

328
274

2016

68
(110)

Q4 2017

2016

372
251

Q2 2017
Q3 2017
Q4 2017
(200)

(100)

0

100

200

300

0

100

200

300

400

1 For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Crop Science
Market environment improves slightly
Overall, the global seed and crop protection market expanded slightly in 2017, growing by around
1% (2016: 0%). While demand for high-quality seed increased, sales of crop protection products
stagnated worldwide. Positive growth momentum in 2017 came from the North America and
Eastern Europe regions. Market volumes in Latin America declined as a result of high inventories
of crop protection products and unfavorable macroeconomic conditions in Brazil. The Western
European market also contracted, primarily as a result of relatively low fungal infestation levels.
A 2.2.2/7

Key Data – Crop Science
Change % 1
€ million

Q4 2016

Q4 2017

Sales

2,404

2,263

Volume

– 0.4%

Price

– 1.2%

Currency
Portfolio

Reported Fx & p adj.

Change % 1
2016

2017

9,915

9,577

+ 5.3%

– 1.3%

+ 0.3%

– 4.2%

+ 1.4%

– 2.5%

+ 1.6%

– 7.0%

– 2.3%

– 1.2%

0.0%

0.0%

+ 0.1%

0.0%

– 5.9

1.1

Reported Fx & p adj.
– 3.4

– 2.2

Reported

Fx adj.

Change in sales 1

Reported

Fx adj.

Sales by region
Europe / Middle East / Africa

431

440

+ 2.1

+ 3.7

3,290

3,335

+ 1.4

+ 1.5

North America

527

479

– 9.1

– 1.1

2,616

2,772

+ 6.0

+ 5.8

Asia / Pacific

384

358

– 6.8

+ 0.5

1,548

1,563

+ 1.0

+ 2.0

Latin America

1,062

986

– 7.2

+ 1.1

2,461

1,907

– 22.5

– 18.0

– 38.5

2,280

1,716

– 24.7

(141)

(327)

EBITDA 1

314

193

Special items 1

(37)

(111)

EBITDA before special items 1
EBITDA margin before special items1

351

304

14.6%

13.4%

– 13.4

2,421

2,043

24.4%

21.3%

1,755

1,235

(143)

(408)

– 15.6

EBIT 1

153

64

Special items 1

(39)

(155)

EBIT before special items 1

192

219

+ 14.1

1,898

1,643

– 13.4

Net cash provided
by operating activities

622

552

– 11.3

2,071

1,884

– 9.0

– 58.2

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted; Fx adj. = currency-adjusted
1
For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

– 29.6

146

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.2 Business Development by Segment
Augmented Version

Sales down slightly against the previous year
Sales of Crop Science fell by 2.2% (Fx & portfolio adj.) in 2017 to €9,577 million. The decline
was mainly attributable to the crop protection business in Brazil. High inventories in that market
necessitated measures to normalize the situation that in turn led to negative sales development.
When the Brazilian business is excluded, sales of Crop Science rose by 3.0% year on year on a
currency- and portfolio-adjusted basis. Environmental Science posted a positive performance, in
part due to the delivery of products to the company that acquired our consumer business.
A 2.2.2/8

Sales by Business Unit
Change % 1
€ million

Crop Protection / Seeds

Q4 2016

Q4 2017

Reported Fx & p adj.

Change % 1
2016

2017

Reported Fx & p adj.

2,224

2,080

– 6.5

+ 0.4

9,317

8,906

– 4.4

– 3.2

Crop Protection

1,965

1,823

– 7.2

– 0.4

7,961

7,403

– 7.0

– 5.3

Herbicides

599

526

– 12.2

– 6.5

2,693

2,633

– 2.2

– 1.6

Fungicides

679

755

+ 11.2

+ 19.7

2,961

2,597

– 12.3

– 9.9

Insecticides

386

268

– 30.6

– 24.6

1,357

1,246

– 8.2

– 6.1

SeedGrowth

301

274

– 9.0

– 2.3

950

927

– 2.4

– 0.3

259

257

– 0.8

+ 6.6

1,356

1,503

+ 10.8

+ 9.1

180

183

+ 1.7

+ 9.4

598

671

+ 12.2

+ 14.0

Seeds
Environmental Science

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted
1
For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Sales by region
> Sales in the Europe / Middle East / Africa region improved by 1.5% (Fx adj.) to €3,335 million.
Insecticides developed very positively, thanks in part to increased demand and the introduction of new products. We also achieved sales growth in the Seeds business, particularly for
vegetables. On the other hand, increased competitive pressure led to declines at SeedGrowth
and Fungicides.
> In the North America region, we posted a 5.8% (Fx adj.) increase in sales to €2,772 million. We
registered a double-digit growth rate in the Seeds business, with robust sales gains for oilseed
rape / canola – due to increased acreages in Canada – and for soybeans more than offsetting
declines for cotton. SeedGrowth also developed very positively due to increased demand for
products to treat soybean and wheat seed. In contrast, we recorded declines at Insecticides.
Environmental Science, for its part, posted a considerable increase in sales.
> Sales in Asia / Pacific moved forward by 2.0% (Fx adj.) year on year to €1,563 million. Business
performance was encouraging at Fungicides, particularly in Southeast Asia, and at Herbicides,
mainly due to new product launches in China and Japan. We also achieved sales growth in the
Seeds business, particularly for cotton and oilseeds, but posted a decline at Insecticides.
> Sales in Latin America decreased by 18.0% (Fx adj.) to €1,907 million. This decline was
attributable to returns of crop protection products and to lower sales into the distribution
channel to normalize inventories in Brazil. Price reductions also had an effect. We posted gains
in sales overall in the other Latin American countries on a currency-adjusted basis.
Earnings
In 2017, EBITDA before special items of Crop Science declined by 15.6% to €2,043 million. Adjusted for negative currency effects of €63 million, earnings were down by 13.0%. The decline is
largely attributable to the aforementioned situation in Brazil, which resulted in lower selling prices
and volumes. Outside of Brazil, lower selling prices were offset by expanded volumes. Other operating income had a positive effect on earnings.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

147

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.2 Business Development by Segment
Augmented Version

EBIT declined by 29.6% to €1,235 million, after special charges of €408 million (2016:
€143 million) that primarily related to the planned acquisition of Monsanto and the execution of a
divestment project.
A 2.2.2/9
1

Special Items Crop Science
EBIT
Q4 2016

EBIT
Q4 2017

EBIT
2016

EBIT
2017

EBITDA
Q4 2016

EBITDA
Q4 2017

EBITDA
2016

EBITDA
2017

Restructuring

(5)

(7)

(51)

(32)

(3)

(5)

(49)

(17)

Litigations

4

(1)

(1)

(4)

4

(1)

(1)

(4)
(273)

€ million

Acquisition costs

(34)

(103)

(86)

(273)

(34)

(103)

(86)

Impairment losses / reversals

–

(41)

–

(41)

–

–

–

–

Divestments

(4)

(3)

(5)

(58)

(4)

(2)

(5)

(33)

Total special items

(39)

(155)

(143)

(408)

(37)

(111)

(141)

(327)

1

For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Online Annex: A 2.2.2-3

The development of Crop Science in 2017 is shown in the following graphics (A 2.2.2-3/1,
A 2.2.2-3/2 and A 2.2.2-3/3).
A 2.2.2-3/1

Crop Science Quarterly Sales
€ million

Q1 2016

2,936
3,120

Q2 2016

2,518
2,163

Q3 2016

2,057
2,031

Q4 2016

2,404
2,263

2017

2017

2017

2017
0

500

1,000

1,500

2,000

2,500

3,000

3,500

A 2.2.2-3/2

Crop Science
Quarterly EBIT 1

A 2.2.2-3/3

Crop Science
Quarterly EBITDA before Special Items 1
€ million

€ million

2016

955
970

Q1 2017

2016

512
117

Q2 2017

2016

135
84

Q3 2017

2016

153
64

Q4 2017

Q1 2017
Q2 2017
Q3 2017
Q4 2017
0

200

400

600

800

1,000

2016

1,089
1,115

2016

663
317

2016

318
307

2016

351
304
0

1 For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

200

400

600

800

1,000

148

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.2 Business Development by Segment
Augmented Version

Animal Health
Slower market growth
The Animal Health market expanded by around 2% in 2017 (2016: 5%), with growth significantly
lagging behind previous years. Alongside a difficult market environment in the farm animals business in Europe and North America, growth rates in the companion animals business, and in the
important parasiticides market in particular, were also lower than in previous years. The slight
recovery of the farm animals business in the core markets and an upturn in the American companion animals business at the end of the year were unable to offset the weaker market development
in the first half of the year.
A 2.2.2/10

Key Data – Animal Health
Change % 1
Q4 2016

Q4 2017

329

322

Volume

– 1.0%

Price

+ 4.1%

Currency
Portfolio

€ million

Sales

Reported Fx & p adj.

Change % 1
2016

2017

1,523

1,571

+ 2.1%

+ 2.6%

+ 0.4%

– 0.3%

+ 2.2%

+ 1.6%

0.0%

– 6.1%

– 2.6%

– 0.9%

0.0%

+ 2.2%

0.0%

+ 2.1%

– 2.1

+ 1.8

Reported Fx & p adj.
+ 3.2

+ 2.0

Reported

Fx adj.

Change in sales 1

Reported

Fx adj.

Sales by region
Europe / Middle East / Africa

84

82

– 2.4

– 1.2

445

442

– 0.7

0.0

North America

129

126

– 2.3

+ 5.4

621

655

+ 5.5

+ 6.4

Asia / Pacific

79

79

.

+ 7.6

300

317

+ 5.7

+ 7.3

Latin America

37

35

– 5.4

+ 2.7

157

157

0.0

0.0

34

28

– 17.6

343

352

+ 2.6

Special items 1

(4)

(21)

(6)

(29)

EBITDA before special items 1

38

49

+ 28.9

349

381

11.6%

15.2%

22.9%

24.3%

313

307

(7)

(31)

EBITDA 1

EBITDA margin before special items1

+ 9.2

EBIT 1

25

10

Special items 1

(5)

(23)

EBIT before special items 1

30

33

+ 10.0

320

338

+ 5.6

Net cash provided
by operating activities

85

75

– 11.8

193

209

+ 8.3

– 60.0

– 1.9

Fx & p adj. = currency- and portfolio-adjusted; Fx adj. = currency-adjusted
1
For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Sales growth driven by business in Asia / Pacific and the United States
Sales of Animal Health increased by 2.0% (Fx & portfolio adj.) to €1,571 million in 2017. Business
in the Asia / Pacific region developed especially positively due to higher demand and price increases. We also registered currency-adjusted growth in North America, with the CydectinTM product
portfolio acquired in January 2017 from Boehringer Ingelheim Vetmedica, Inc., United States,
contributing to sales gains. The Europe / Middle East / Africa and Latin America regions remained
at the prior-year level.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

149

A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.2 Business Development by Segment
Augmented Version

A 2.2.2/11

Best-Selling Animal Health Products
Change % 1

Change % 1

Q4 2016

Q4 2017

Reported

Fx adj.

2016

2017

Reported

Advantage™ product family

102

87

– 14.7

– 10.1

535

488

– 8.8

– 7.8

Seresto™

28

32

+ 14.3

+ 26.0

174

218

+ 25.3

+ 25.1

Drontal™ product family

31

30

– 3.2

+ 2.3

128

132

+ 3.1

+ 4.5

Baytril™

34

31

– 8.8

– 0.6

113

113

0.0

+ 2.5

Total

195

180

– 7.7

– 1.5

950

951

+ 0.1

+ 1.1

Proportion of Animal Health sales

59%

56%

62%

61%

€ million

Fx adj.

Fx adj. = currency-adjusted
1
For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Sales by product
> Sales of our Advantage™ family of flea, tick and worm control products were down year on
year, due mainly to increased competitive pressure and the related decline in demand in the
Europe / Middle East / Africa and North America regions.
> We achieved continued strong growth with our Seresto™ flea and tick collar that resulted
chiefly from increased demand in the United States and Europe.
> Business with our Drontal™ family of dewormers expanded once again. Here we benefited
particularly from increased prices and volumes in the United States and the Asia / Pacific region.
> The increase in sales of our antibiotic Baytril™ was largely attributable to the United States,
partly due to a one-time effect in connection with a change in the distribution model, and to
expanded volumes in Mexico.

+

25.1%

growth in sales of
Seresto™ (Fx adj.)

Earnings
In 2017, we raised EBITDA before special items by 9.2% to €381 million. Adjusted for negative
currency effects of €8 million, earnings increased by 11.5%. Price increases, the Cydectin™
business we acquired and lower selling expenses contributed to the growth in earnings. In
contrast, negative contributions came from net other operating expenses as well as higher
research and development expenses.
EBIT of Animal Health declined by 1.9% to €307 million, after special charges of €31 million
(2016: €7 million) in conjunction with efficiency improvement measures.
A 2.2.2/12

Special Items1 Animal Health
€ million

EBIT
Q4 2016

EBIT
Q4 2017

EBIT
2016

EBIT
2017

EBITDA
Q4 2016

EBITDA
Q4 2017

EBITDA
2016

EBITDA
2017

Restructuring

(5)

(23)

(7)

(31)

(4)

(21)

(6)

(29)

Total special items

(5)

(23)

(7)

(31)

(4)

(21)

(6)

(29)

1

For definition see Annual Report 2016, A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

150

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.3 Value-Based Performance
Augmented Version

Online Annex: A 2.2.2-4

The development of Animal Health in 2017 is shown in the following graphics (A 2.2.2-4/1,
A 2.2.2-4/2 and A 2.2.2-4/3).
2.2.2-4/1

Animal Health Quarterly Sales
€ million

Q1 2016

408
0.440

Q2 2016

426
0.450

Q3 2016

360
0.359

Q4 2016

329
0.322

2017

2017

2017

2017
0

50

100

150

200

250

300

350

400

450

500

A 2.2.2-4/2

Animal Health
Quarterly EBIT 1

A 2.2.2-4/3

Animal Health
Quarterly EBITDA before Special Items 1
€ million

€ million

2016
Q1 2017

114
126

2016
Q1 2017

122
135

2016

93
107

Q2 2017

2016

100
116

2016

81
64

Q3 2017

2016

89
81

2016

25
10

Q4 2017

2016

38
49

Q2 2017
Q3 2017
Q4 2017
0

20

40

60

80

100

120

0

20

40

60

80

100

120

1 For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

2.2.3 Value-Based Performance
ROCE – a value-based indicator
See also A 2.4

The ROCE (return on capital employed) indicates the capital return over a specified period. It is
the ratio of net operating profit after tax (NOPAT) to the average capital employed. NOPAT is determined by deducting from EBIT the income taxes thereon, which are based on a historical average tax rate of 24%. The capital employed reflects the amount of capital used in the company’s
operations. Based on carrying amounts, it is calculated by subtracting from operational assets the
liability items that are largely non-interest-bearing, such as trade accounts payable, or would distort the operational capital base. To reflect the change in the capital employed during the year, an
average figure is determined from the amounts at the end of the previous year and the end of the
year under report. See also A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group”
for a definition of capital employed.
The ROCE is compared to the weighted average cost of capital (WACC), which corresponds to
the return expected by the providers of equity and debt. If the ROCE is in line with the WACC, the
expected return for the period has been achieved. If it exceeds the WACC, return expectations
have been exceeded, indicating that value has been created.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

151

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.4 Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Calculating the cost of capital
The WACC is based on an after-tax approach and was calculated at the beginning of the year as
the weighted average of the equity and debt cost factors. The cost of equity is the return expected by stockholders, computed from capital market information. The debt capital cost factor
we use to calculate the WACC is based on the financing terms for ten-year Eurobonds issued by
industrial companies with an “A–” credit rating. Historical capital market data is included in the
data smoothing process to guarantee the necessary stability for internal management. The WACC
for 2017 was 6.9% for the Bayer Group and the reporting segments. In impairment testing, by
contrast, individual capital cost factors are used for the reporting segments which explicitly take
account of segment-specific parameters (see “Basic principles, methods and critical accounting
estimates” in the notes to the consolidated financial statements). However, these are not used for
internal management, as they contain parameters relating to the closing date and therefore exhibit
greater volatility than desired for internal management.

6.9%

Capital cost factor for
the Bayer Group in 2017

ROCE in 2017 of

Value-based business development
Bayer’s ROCE in 2017 amounted to 10.8%, exceeding the cost of capital by 3.9 percentage
points. It is thus an indicator for value creation. All segments except Consumer Health exceeded
the WACC in 2017, although negative special items had a significant impact on the performance
of all segments. Consumer Health’s performance continued to be mainly influenced by the high
level of capital employed as a result of the 2014 acquisition of the consumer care business of
Merck & Co., Inc., United States.

10.8%
See also A 2.2.2

A 2.2.3/1

Value-Based Performance by Segment
Pharmaceuticals

Consumer Health

Crop Science

Animal Health

Group 1

€ million

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

EBIT

3,389

4,325

695

518

1,755

1,235

313

307

5,738

5,903

Income taxes 2

(813)

(1,038)

(167)

(124)

(421)

(296)

(75)

(74)

(1,377)

(1,417)

NOPAT

2,576

3,287

528

394

1,334

939

238

233

4,361

4,486

Average capital employed

15,866

15,630

15,226

14,404

10,316

9,814

375

495

42,318

41,600

ROCE

16.2%

21.0%

3.5%

2.7%

12.9%

9.6%

63.5%

47.1%

10.3%

10.8%

WACC

7.5%

6.9%

7.5%

6.9%

7.5%

6.9%

7.5%

6.9%

7.5%

6.9%

2016 figures restated
1
Including Reconciliation
2
24% on EBIT; based on historical average of tax rates

2.2.4 Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group
Financial management of the Group
The financial management of the Bayer Group is conducted by Bayer AG. Capital is a global resource, generally procured centrally and distributed within the Group. The foremost objectives of
our financial management are to help bring about a sustained increase in corporate value and to
ensure the Group’s liquidity and creditworthiness. This involves optimizing the capital structure
and effectively managing risks. The management of currency, interest-rate, commodity price and
default risks helps to reduce the volatility of our earnings.

See also A 1.2.2

152

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.4 Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The contracted rating agencies assess Bayer as follows:
A 2.2.4/1

Rating
Long-term rating

Short-term rating

S&P Global Ratings

A–

A–2

Moody’s

A3

P–2

These credit ratings reflect the company’s high solvency and ensure access to a broad investor
base for financing purposes. As a result of the planned acquisition of Monsanto, both S&P Global
Ratings and Moody’s are reviewing the possibility of a downgrade. Bayer continues to aim for an
investment-grade credit rating after the successful closing of the Monsanto acquisition and is
aiming for the single “A” rating category in the long term.
As a matter of principle, we pursue a prudent debt management strategy to ensure flexibility, drawing on a balanced financing portfolio. This is fundamentally based on bonds in various currencies,
syndicated credit facilities, bilateral loan agreements and a global commercial paper program.

See also A 3.2.2

We use financial derivatives to hedge against risks arising from business operations or financial
transactions, but do not employ contracts in the absence of an underlying transaction. It is our
policy to diminish default risks by selecting trading partners with a high credit standing. We closely
monitor the execution of all transactions, which are conducted in accordance with Group policies.

Liquidity and Capital Expenditures of the Bayer Group
A 2.2.4/2

Bayer Group Summary Statements of Cash Flows
€ million

2016

2017 Change %

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities,
continuing operations

6,435

6,611

+ 2.7

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, discontinued operations

2,654

1,523

– 42.6

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (total)

9,089

8,134

– 10.5

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (total)

(8,729)

(432)

+ 95.1

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (total)

(350)

(1,881)

.

10

5,821

.

1,859

1,899

+ 2.2

30

(139)

.

1,899

7,581

.

Change in cash and cash equivalents due to business activities
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Change due to exchange rate movements and to changes
in scope of consolidation
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
2016 figures restated

Bayer Annual Report 2017

153

A Combined Management Report
2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.4 Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Net cash provided by operating activities
The net cash provided by operating activities in continuing operations increased by 2.7% to
€6,611 million thanks to an improvement in EBIT and a reduction in cash tied up in working capital. This figure included the components of the payments received from DOW Chemical as part of
a patent dispute that fall under operating activities. By contrast, the net cash provided by operating activities (total) decreased by 10.5% to €8,134 million as the prior-year figure included inflows
from the sale of the Diabetes Care business.

A 2.2.4/3
Cash Inflows from
Operating Activities (from
Continuing Operations)
€ million

6,611

6,435

Net cash used in investing activities
The net cash outflow for investing activities in 2017 amounted to €432 million. Cash outflows for
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets were 8.2% lower at €2,366 million (2016:
€2,578 million) and included €915 million (2016: €835 million) at Pharmaceuticals, €178 million
(2016: €215 million) at Consumer Health, €553 million (2016: €757 million) at Crop Science,
€38 million (2016: €37 million) at Animal Health and €283 million (2016: €415 million) at Covestro.
Divestments resulted in a net inflow of €453 million. This includes the proceeds of €999 million
from the sale of Covestro shares on September 29, 2017, which, together with the control termination agreement, led to the de facto loss of control, less the Covestro cash and cash equivalents
of €637 million deducted as a consequence. Cash outflows for acquisitions in the amount of
€158 million related to the acquisition of the Cydectin™ product portfolio in the United States in
the Animal Health segment. Net cash inflows from current and noncurrent financial assets totaled
€1,230 million (2016: net outflows totaling €6,335 million).

+ 2.7%
2016

See also A 1.4.2.2

Net cash used in financing activities
In 2017, there was a net cash outflow of €1,881 million for financing activities, including net loan
repayments of €2,479 million (2016: €730 million). Net interest payments were 7.8% lower at
€732 million (2016: €794 million). The cash outflow for dividends amounted to €2,364 million
(2016: €2,126 million).
A net inflow of €3,717 million came from the sale of Covestro shares before the de facto loss of
control. In the previous year, the net cash inflow from the issuance of mandatory convertible notes
amounted to €3,952 million, reported as a €3,300 million capital contribution and a €652 million
borrowing.
Liquid assets and net financial debt
See also A 2.4
A 2.2.4/4

Net Financial Debt 1
€ million

Dec. 31,
2016

Dec. 31,
2017

Change
(%)

Bonds and notes / promissory notes

15,991

12,436

– 22.2

4,529

4,533

+ 0.1

1,837

534

– 70.9

Liabilities under finance leases

436

238

– 45.4

Liabilities from derivatives 3

587

240

– 59.1

Other financial liabilities

730

970

+ 32.9

of which hybrid bonds 2
Liabilities to banks

Receivables from derivatives 3

(313)

(244)

– 22.0

Financial debt

19,268

14,174

– 26.4

Cash and cash equivalents

(1,899)

(7,581)

.

Current financial assets 4

(5,591)

(2,998)

– 46.4

11,778

3,595

– 69.5

Net financial debt
1

.

For definition see A 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
Classified as debt according to IFRS
3
These include the market values of interest-rate and currency hedges of recorded transactions.
4
These include short-term loans and receivables with maturities between 3 and 12 months outstanding from banks and other
companies as well as available-for-sale financial assets that were recorded as current on first-time recognition.
2

2017

154

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.2 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group ///// 2.2.4 Asset and Financial Position of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Net financial debt of the Bayer Group declined by €8,183 million in 2017, due mainly to cash inflows from operating activities and from the sale of Covestro shares. A further reduction in net
financial debt resulted from the derecognition of financial liabilities and financial assets in connection with the deconsolidation of Covestro.
Net financial debt includes three subordinated hybrid bonds with a total volume of €4,533 million,
50% of which is treated as equity by Moody’s and S & P Global Ratings. The hybrid bonds thus
have a more limited effect on the Group’s rating-specific debt indicators than senior debt.
In May 2017, Bayer Holding Ltd., Japan, issued two bonds with a volume of JPY 10 billion each.
In addition, in June 2017, Bayer AG issued debt instruments (exchangeable bond) with a nominal
value of €1.0 billion, which mature in 2020. These can be repaid in cash, Covestro shares or a
combination of the two. The annual coupon is 0.05%. During 2017, five bonds totaling around
€2 billion were redeemed at maturity. In October 2017, one bond with a nominal value of
€750 million maturing in 2018 was redeemed early.
The decline in liabilities to banks mainly resulted from early repayment of a US$900 million bank
loan taken out to finance the acquisition of the Merck OTC business.
The other financial liabilities as of December 31, 2017, contained €525 million related to the mandatory convertible notes issued in November 2016 and €292 million in commercial paper.

Asset and Capital Structure of the Bayer Group
A 2.2.4/5

Bayer Group Summary Statements of Financial Position
€ million

Dec. 31,
2016

Dec. 31,
2017 Change %

Noncurrent assets

51,791

45,014

Assets held for sale

10

2,081

– 13.1
.

Other current assets

30,437

27,992

– 8.0

Current assets

30,447

30,073

– 1.2

Total assets

82,238

75,087

– 8.7

Equity

31,897

36,861

+ 15.6

Noncurrent liabilities

31,804

24,633

– 22.5

Current liabilities

18,537

13,482

– 27.3

Liabilities directly related to assets held for sale

.

111

.

Total current liabilities

18,537

13,593

– 26.7

Liabilities

50,341

38,226

– 24.1

Total equity and liabilities

82,238

75,087

– 8.7

Bayer Annual Report 2017

155

A Combined Management Report
2.3 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of Bayer AG
Augmented Version

Substantial increase in equity, while total assets decline
Total assets as of December 31, 2017, declined by €7.2 billion to €75.1 billion, mainly as a result
of the deconsolidation of Covestro. As part of that deconsolidation, assets of €11.2 billion were
derecognized in the respective line items in the statements of financial position. At the same time,
the remaining investment in the Covestro Group was recognized at its fair value of €3.6 billion.
Noncurrent assets decreased by €6.8 billion to €45.0 billion. Total current assets declined by
€0.4 billion to €30.1 billion. The assets held for sale in connection with the planned acquisition of
Monsanto increased by €2.1 billion.
Equity rose by €5.0 billion compared with December 31, 2016, to €36.9 billion. The income after
income taxes of €8.1 billion had a positive effect. Currency effects recognized outside profit and
loss reduced equity by €2.2 billion, and the dividend payment by Bayer AG also reduced equity by
€2.2 billion. An increase of €0.7 billion – recognized outside profit or loss – came from the reduction in post-employment benefit obligations. Effects of the reduction in the interest in Covestro
recognized directly in equity and the deconsolidation of this company increased equity by
€0.7 billion. The equity ratio (equity coverage of total assets) as of December 31, 2017, was
49.1% (2016: 38.8%).

A 2.2.4/6
Total Assets
€ billion

82.2

75.1

– 8.7%
2016

2017

Liabilities as of December 31, 2017, decreased by €12.1 billion to €38.2 billion. As part of the
deconsolidation of Covestro, liabilities of €6.0 billion were derecognized in the corresponding line
items in the statements of financial position. Provisions for pensions and other post-employment
benefits decreased to €8.0 billion, with €1.2 billion of this due to the deconsolidation of Covestro,
a further €1.2 billion to actuarial gains and €0.5 billion to the transfer of Covestro shares to Bayer
Pension Trust e.V. Financial liabilities declined by €5.2 billion to €14.4 billion, with a reduction of
€1.8 billion due to the deconsolidation of Covestro.

2.3 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position
of Bayer AG
Business lease agreements between Bayer AG on the one hand, and Bayer Pharma AG and Bayer
CropScience AG – the former parent companies of the respective divisions – on the other, have
been in place since the start of 2017 and govern the transfer of their operational business to
Bayer AG. As a result, the business of Bayer AG – previously confined to a holding company function – has expanded considerably and now also comprises the parent company functions of the
two divisions. A comparison between the financial statements for 2017 and those of the previous
year is therefore only possible to a limited extent. The financial statements of Bayer AG are prepared in accordance with the German Commercial Code (HGB), Stock Corporation Act (AktG) and
German Energy Act (EnWG).
Bayer AG supplies third parties with electricity and gas at individual facilities. In accordance with
Section 3, No. 18 of the German Energy Act (EnWG), it is therefore classified as an energy provider within the meaning of the EnWG. Furthermore, as the vertically integrated energy provider Currenta GmbH & Co. OHG is a subsidiary of Bayer AG, Bayer AG is classed as a vertically integrated
energy provider pursuant to Section 3, No. 38 of the EnWG.

Bayer AG performs
important management
functions for the Group.

156

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.3 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of Bayer AG ///// 2.3.1 Earnings Performance of Bayer AG
Augmented Version

2.3.1 Earnings Performance of Bayer AG
A 2.3.1/1

Bayer AG Summary Income Statements according to the German Commercial Code
€ million

2016

2017

Net sales

390

14,730

Cost of goods sold

(353)

(7,914)

Gross profit

37

6,816

Selling expenses

(39)

(3,898)

Research and development expenses

(46)

(2,186)

General administration expenses

(666)

(908)

48

85

Other operating income
Other operating expenses

(227)

(102)

Operating income

(893)

(193)

Income from investments in affiliated companies – net

4,647

5,794

Interest income / expense – net

54

(369)

Other financial income / expense - net

163

(354)

4,864

5,071

Nonoperating income
Income taxes

(371)

(335)

Income after taxes / net income

3,600

4,543

Allocation to other retained earnings

(1,367)

(1,643)

Distributable profit

2,233

2,900

Rise in earnings due to higher income from investments in affiliated companies
The assumption of the operational business of Bayer Pharma AG and Bayer CropScience AG
resulted in a significant increase in sales of Bayer AG, from €0.4 billion to €14.7 billion. Of this
increase, Pharmaceuticals accounted for €8.5 billion and Crop Science for €6.1 billion.
Sales of Pharmaceuticals declined by €0.3 billion compared with the figure of €8.8 billion posted
in the previous year by the predecessor company. Sales of our anticoagulant Xarelto™ increased
by €234 million, compared with declines of €194 million for Aspirin™ Cardio, €190 million for our
multiple sclerosis treatment Betaferon™ / Betaseron™, €53 million for LevitraTM and €48 million for
the MRI contrast agent Gadavist™ / Gadovist™. Of the total sales of Pharmaceuticals, business
with Group companies accounted for 90% and business with third parties for 10%.
Sales of Crop Science declined by €0.4 billion compared with the figure of €6.5 billion posted in
the previous year by Bayer CropScience AG. The declines pertained to nearly all units. Sales
moved back by €245 million at Insecticides, by €209 million at Fungicides and by €150 million at
Herbicides. Latin America was responsible for the decline in sales, with business in that region
shrinking by €0.6 billion as the high inventories in Brazil had a negative effect. The ratio of sales
between Group companies and those to third parties at Crop Science was 96% to 4%.
After deducting the cost of goods sold of €7.9 billion from sales, gross profit was €6.8 billion, or
46% of sales. The gross margin was 58% at Pharmaceuticals and 34% at Crop Science. Selling
expenses of €3.9 billion mainly comprised €3.3 billion in royalties, €2.7 billion of which was paid to
Bayer Intellectual Property GmbH for the use of patents, trademarks and other intellectual property. Research and development expenses increased from €46 million in the previous year to
€2.2 billion in 2017 due to the expansion of business, with €1.5 billion attributable to Pharmaceuticals and €0.5 billion to Crop Science. The €0.2 billion increase in administration expenses to
€0.9 billion also resulted from the transfer of business. Other operating expenses, net of other
operating income, decreased by €162 million to €17 million. In the previous year, expenses of
€198 million were incurred for the first-time recognition by Bayer AG of provisions for impending
losses from sales and licensing agreements transferred to Bayer AG effective January 1, 2017,
with the businesses leased from Bayer Pharma AG and Bayer CropScience AG.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
2.3 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of Bayer AG ///// 2.3.1 Earnings Performance of Bayer AG
Augmented Version

The operating loss at Bayer AG declined by €700 million, from €893 million in the previous year to
€193 million in 2017.
Income from investments in affiliated companies increased by €1,147 million to €5,794 million.
The significant improvement was due particularly to proceeds of €2,720 million (2016: €79 million)
from the sale of shares in Covestro AG. The dividends and similar income from subsidiaries also
increased year on year, moving forward by €490 million to €819 million (2016: €329 million). The
profit distribution of Bayer Hispania, S.L., Spain, (€591 million; 2016: €62 million) and Covestro
AG (€146 million; 2016: €91 million) played a particularly important role here. Profit transfers declined from €4,188 million in the previous year to €2,245 million in 2017. This decline was mainly
attributable to the removal of Bayer CropScience AG from the fiscal unity; that company had
transferred profits of €1,017 million in the previous year. Earnings of Bayer Pharma AG were also
down significantly at €2,248 million (2016: €3,011 million) and now result mainly from income from
subsidiaries and the business lease. Significant effects of profit-and-loss transfer agreements were
the transfer of income of €130 million (2016: loss of €19 million) from Bayer Real Estate GmbH
due to income from subsidiaries and income of €94 million (2016: €204 million) from Siebte Bayer
VV GmbH, which receives regular dividend income from a U.S. subsidiary that handles export
business in the United States for Bayer Health Care LLC. Due partly to project costs, Bayer Business Services GmbH reported a much higher loss of €201 million (2016: €50 million), which was
offset by Bayer AG.
Net interest expense was €369 million, after net interest income of €54 million in the previous year.
The interest portion of the allocation to provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits and the valuation of the fund assets resulted in a net gain of €174 million, which was
€129 million below the prior-year figure (2016: €303 million). This decline resulted mainly from
interest-related actuarial losses, after gains in the previous year due to the change in the method
for determining the discount rate.
Of the remaining €543 million (2016: €249 million) balance of interest expenses and income,
€297 million (2016: €196 million) was attributable to third parties, with the creditors of the bonds
and commercial paper programs accounting for €186 million (2016: €189 million), €109 million
(2016: 25 million) to interest-rate swaps and options, and €246 million (2016: €53 million) to
Group companies. The higher expense in the Group resulted chiefly from a corresponding increase in intra-Group debt.
Other financial income and expenses yielded a negative balance of €354 million in 2017 after a
positive balance of €163 million in the previous year. This decline of €517 million was mainly
attributable to a difference of €391 million in income / losses from currency translation (minus
€212 million; 2016: plus €179 million), and to an increase of €164 million in expenses for credit
facilities. The latter accounted for expenses of €221 million (2016: €57 million), of which
€210 million was related to the financing of the planned acquisition of Monsanto. The absence in
2017 of the pre-payment penalty of €31 million incurred in the previous year for early repayment
of an intra-Group loan had a positive impact on earnings. Income from other subsidiaries to cover pension expenses for retirees remaining with Bayer AG following the hive-down of the operating business in 2002 and 2003 amounted to €115 million (2016: €4 million). This increase corresponds to a rise in pension expenses, the interest portion of which was reflected in interest
expense, while the remainder of €41 million was reflected in other financial income and expenses
(2016: income of €56 million).

157

158

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.3 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of Bayer AG ///// 2.3.2 Asset and Financial Position of Bayer AG
Augmented Version

Income before income taxes greatly exceeded the prior-year level at €4,878 million (2016:
€3,971 million). Tax expense nonetheless declined from €371 million to €335 million due to higher
tax-free income from investments in affiliated companies and divestiture proceeds. After deduction
of taxes, net income was €4,543 million (2016: €3,600 million). An allocation of €1,643 million was
made to other retained earnings, giving a distributable profit of €2,900 million.
Distributable profit of

€

2,900 million

The Board of Management and Supervisory Board will propose to the Annual Stockholders’
Meeting on May 25, 2018, that the distributable profit be used to pay a dividend of €2.80 per
share on the capital stock entitled to the dividend for 2017 and that the remaining portion be
carried forward.

2.3.2 Asset and Financial Position of Bayer AG
A 2.3.2/1

Bayer AG Summary Statements of Financial Position according
to the German Commercial Code
Dec. 31,
2016

Dec. 31,
2017

58

152

49,112

47,071

49,170

47,223

Inventories

3

2,109

Trade accounts receivable

77

2,002

4,092

2,585

€ million
ASSETS
Noncurrent assets
Intangible assets, property, plant and equipment
Financial assets
Current assets

Receivables from subsidiaries
Other assets and deferred charges

776

901

Cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities

2,728

4,272

7,676

11,869

Total assets

56,846

59,092

Equity

16,565

18,875

Provisions

1,905

2,201

6,673

7,618

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Other liabilities
Bonds and notes, liabilities to banks
Trade accounts payable

86

1,750

Payables to subsidiaries

31,197

28,078

Remaining liabilities and deferred income
Total equity and liabilities

420

570

38,376

38,016

56,846

59,092

2016 figures restated

See also A 2.3.2/1

Total assets increased due to the integration of the Pharmaceuticals and Crop Science
businesses
The asset and liability structure of Bayer AG is dominated by the management functions for
the Bayer Group, even following the integration of the parent company functions of the Pharmaceuticals and Crop Science divisions. The financial position is shaped particularly by the management of subsidiaries and the financing of corporate activities. This is primarily reflected in the
high level of investments in affiliated companies and of the receivables from, and payables to,
Group companies.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

159

A Combined Management Report
2.3 Earnings; Asset and Financial Position of Bayer AG ///// 2.3.2 Asset and Financial Position of Bayer AG
Augmented Version

Total assets of Bayer AG rose by €2.2 billion in 2017 to €59.1 billion, due particularly to the assumption of the operational business of the Pharmaceuticals and Crop Science divisions from
Bayer Pharma AG and Bayer CropScience AG, respectively, which led especially to an increase in
current assets of €4.2 billion. Noncurrent assets declined by €1.9 billion.
The decline in noncurrent assets resulted almost exclusively from the divestment of shares in
Covestro AG (€1.9 billion) and their placement into Bayer Pension Trust e.V. (€0.2 billion), respectively. Investments in affiliated companies declined by €2.0 billion overall, but continued to account
for by far the largest item in total assets, amounting to €46.2 billion or 78.2% (2016: 84.9%). The
value of other financial assets and property, plant and equipment remained unchanged at
€0.9 billion and €29 million, respectively, while intangible assets increased by €0.1 billion to
€123 million.
Due to the transfer and integration of the Pharmaceuticals and Crop Science businesses, substantial inventories and customer receivables of €2.1 billion (2016: €0.0 billion) and €2.0 billion
(2016: €0.1 billion), respectively, were recognized for the first time in current assets. The latter
mainly comprised €1.6 billion (2016: €0.1 billion) from subsidiaries. Receivables from subsidiaries
amounted to €2.6 billion (2016: €4.1 billion) and accounted for 4.4% of total assets. The other
receivables reflected in current assets (including deferred charges) increased by €125 million to
€901 million; this total includes €284 million in shares of Covestro AG divested to banks while
retaining exposure to economic risks and opportunities. Cash and cash equivalents in the form of
higher bank deposits increased by €1.5 billion to €4.3 billion.
Bayer AG had equity of €18.9 billion (2016: €16.6 billion). The increase represents the excess of
the €4,543 million net income for 2017 over the €2,233 million dividend payment for 2016. The
equity ratio increased to 31.9% (2016: 29.1%) due to the less substantial growth in total assets.
Provisions increased by €0.3 billion to €2.2 billion. Among the items transferred to Bayer AG in
connection with the assumption of the operational business of Pharmaceuticals and Crop Science
and the corresponding transfers of undertaking were pension obligations of €1.0 billion and fund
assets of €0.4 billion, as well as net defined benefit liability of €0.6 billion. Nevertheless, pension
obligations declined by €162 million due to the increase in the value of fund assets and additional
contributions. Provisions for taxes also decreased, falling by €150 million to €391 million, while
miscellaneous provisions rose by €608 million to €1,075 million. The main factors here were a
€319 million increase in personnel commitments, which was attributable particularly to the increase in the size of the workforce, and a €220 million increase in impending losses, especially
from hedging transactions.
Other liabilities (including deferred income) edged back by €0.4 billion to €38.0 billion (net of
deductible receivables). Due to the assumed Pharmaceuticals and Crop Science businesses,
significant trade accounts payable of €1.8 billion accumulated for the first time, while other operating liabilities declined by €1.7 billion. Financial debt was paid down by €0.5 billion, with a
€1.5 billion decline in intra-Group debt being partly offset by a €1.0 billion increase in external
financial debt. A €750 million DIP bond maturing in 2018 was early redeemed in 2017, while
€1 billion in debt instruments (exchangeable bonds) that can also be paid in Covestro shares
were newly issued. Liabilities to banks and other third parties increased by €0.7 billion and
€0.1 billion, respectively. Total financial debt at year end 2017 was €36.0 billion (2016:
€36.5 billion). After deduction of cash and cash equivalents of €4.3 billion (2016: €2.7 billion), net
debt fell by €2.1 billion to €31.7 billion (2016: €33.8 billion).

A 2.3.2/2
Total Assets
€ billion

56.8

59.1

+ 3.9%
2016

2017

160

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.4 Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

2.4 Alternative Performance Measures Used
by the Bayer Group
See also “About this
Report” and Note 2 to B
Consolidated Financial
Statements

The Combined Management Report and the consolidated financial statements of the Bayer Group
are prepared according to the applicable financial reporting standards. In addition to the disclosures and metrics required by these standards, Bayer publishes alternative performance measures
(APMs) that are not defined or specified in these standards and for which there are no generally
accepted reporting formats. Bayer determines APMs to enable the comparison of performance
indicators over time and against those of other companies in its industry sector. These APMs are
calculated by making certain adjustments to items in the statement of financial position or the
income statement prepared according to the applicable financial reporting standards. Such adjustments may result from differences in calculation or measurement methods, nonuniform business activities or special factors affecting the information value of these items. The APMs determined in this way apply to all periods and are used both internally for business management
purposes and externally by analysts, investors and rating agencies to assess the company’s performance. Bayer determines the following APMs:
> Change in sales (reported, currency-adjusted, currency- and portfolio-adjusted)
> EBIT
> EBITDA
> EBIT before special items
> EBITDA before special items
> EBITDA margin before special items
> Core earnings per share
> Net financial debt
> Return on capital employed (ROCE)
> Net operating profit after tax (NOPAT)
> Capital employed
> Total operating performance
> Value creation
> Cost of materials / other expenses
> Other balance sheet and financial indicators

The (reported) change in sales is a relative indicator. It shows the percentage by which sales varied from the previous year.
The currency-adjusted or currency- and portfolio-adjusted change in sales shows the percentage
change in sales excluding the impact of exchange rate effects and disregarding the acquisitions
and divestments material to each business entity. Exchange rate effects are generally calculated
on the basis of the functional currency valid in the respective country. Exceptions exist in Brazil
and Argentina, primarily at Crop Protection, where the respective functional currencies are restated in U.S. dollars for business reasons.
EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) serves to present a company’s operating result while
eliminating the effects of differences among local taxation systems and different financing activities. EBIT is calculated as follows:
A 2.4/1

Reconciliation to EBIT
Income before income taxes
+/–

Financial result (net income / loss from investments accounted for using the equity method, financial
income and expenses)

=

EBIT

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
2.4 Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

EBITDA stands for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. This performance indicator neutralizes the effects of the financial result along with distortions of operational
performance that result from divergent depreciation and amortization methods and the exercise of
measurement discretion. EBITDA is EBIT plus the amortization of intangible assets and the depreciation of property, plant and equipment, plus impairment losses and minus impairment loss reversals, recognized in profit or loss during the reporting period.
A 2.4/2

Reconciliation to EBITDA
EBIT
+/–

Depreciation and amortization / impairment losses / impairment loss reversals on property,
plant, equipment and intangible assets (as per Statements of Cash Flows)

=

EBITDA

EBIT before special items and EBITDA before special items show the development of the operational business irrespective of the effects of special items, i.e. special effects for the company with
regard to their nature and magnitude. These may include litigations, restructuring, integration
costs, impairment losses and impairment loss reversals. In the calculation of EBIT before special
items and EBITDA before special items, special charges are added and special gains subtracted.

The EBITDA margin before special items is a relative indicator used by Bayer for internal and external comparisons of operational performance. It is the ratio of EBITDA before special items to
net sales.
Core earnings per share (core EPS) is an APM based on the earnings per share (EPS) for the
Group as defined in IAS 33. Core earnings per share are determined by neutralizing the effects of

special items to enable a comparison of performance over time. In an intermediate step, further
APMs – core EBIT and core net income – are calculated. Core earnings per share are then calculated by dividing core net income per share by the weighted average number of shares.
A 2.4/3

Reconciliation to Core Earnings per Share
EBIT (as per Income Statements)
+/–

Amortization / impairment losses / impairment loss reversals on intangible assets

+/–

Impairment losses / impairment loss reversals on property, plant and equipment, and accelerated
depreciation included in special items

+/–

Special items (other than accelerated depreciation, amortization and impairment losses / loss reversals)

=

Core EBIT

+/–

Financial result (as per Income Statements)

+/–

Special items in the financial result

+/–

Income taxes (as per Income Statements)

+/–

Special items in income taxes

+/–

Tax effects relating amortization / impairment losses / impairment loss reversals
and special items

+/–

Income after income taxes attributable to noncontrolling interest (as per Income Statements)

+/–

Portion of the above-mentioned adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interest

=

Core earnings from continuing operations

/

Weighted average number of shares

=

Core earnings per share from continuing operations (Core EPS)

As core earnings per share are calculated for each interim reporting period, core earnings per
share for the fiscal year or for each interim reporting period up to the respective closing date may
deviate from the cumulated core earnings per share for the individual interim reporting periods.

See also A 2.2.1

161

162

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

2.4 Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Core earnings per share form the basis of the Bayer Group’s dividend policy.
Net financial debt is an important financial management indicator for the Bayer Group and is used
See also A 2.2.4

both internally and externally in assessing its liquidity, capital structure and financial flexibility. This
metric is calculated as follows:
A 2.4/4

Reconciliation to Net Financial Debt
Bonds and notes / promissory notes
+ Liabilities to banks
+ Liabilities under finance leases
+ Liabilities from derivatives 1
+ Other financial liabilities
- Receivables from derivatives 1
= Financial liabilities
– Cash and cash equivalents
– Current financial assets 2
= Net financial debt
1
2

These include the market values of interest-rate and currency hedges of recorded transactions
These include short-term loans and receivables with maturities between 3 and 12 months outstanding from banks and other
companies as well as available-for-sale financial assets that were recorded as current on initial recognition.

The return on capital employed (ROCE) is the ratio of net operating profit after tax (NOPAT) to the
average capital employed. It is a value-oriented indicator used in long-term business and portfolio
analyses. NOPAT represents the operating result after taxes and is calculated by subtracting
income taxes from EBIT. Income taxes are calculated by multiplying EBIT by a uniform tax rate of
24%, which is based on a historical average of tax rates. The capital employed by Bayer is the
total carrying amount of operational noncurrent and current assets, minus liabilities that are largely
non-interest-bearing in character or would distort the capital base. In addition to the items
reported in the previous fiscal year, “assets held for sale” and “liabilities directly related to assets
held for sale” are included in capital employed because these items contributed to EBIT in the
fiscal year. An average value, calculated from the values at the end of the prior year and of the
reporting year, is used to depict the change in capital employed during the year. The components
of the capital employed are as follows:

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
2.4 Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

A 2.4/5

Components of Capital Employed
€ million

Dec. 31,
2016

Dec. 31,
2017

Goodwill

16,048

14,751

Other intangible assets

13,470

11,674

Property, plant and equipment

8,475

7,633

49

47

Inventories

6,687

6,550

Trade accounts receivable

9,319

8,582

Other receivables 1

1,367

1,293

Deferred tax assets 1

2,591

2,371

Other financial assets 1

Claims for income tax refunds

676

474

Assets held for sale

10

2,081

Gross capital employed

58,692

55,456

Other provisions 1

(6,154)

(5,602)

Trade accounts payable

(4,991)

(5,129)

Other liabilities 1

(2,488)

(2,093)

Financial liabilities 1

–

(4)

Deferred tax liabilities 1

(1,242)

(910)

Income tax liabilities

(1,307)

(917)

Liabilities directly related to assets held for sale
Capital employed

–

(111)

42,510

40,690

–

41,600

Average capital employed in 2017
2016 figures restated
1
Selected items of the component: nonoperative or non-interest-bearing items eliminated within capital employed

The total operating performance is the sum of net sales, other operating income, financial income and the net income / loss from investments accounted for using the equity method. It is
divided between depreciation, amortization, impairment losses and impairment loss reversals,
the cost of materials / other expenses and value added. Value added is defined as the sum of
EBIT plus personnel expenses and tax expenses not related to income taxes, and the financial
result plus interest expense. The cost of materials / other expenses includes all expenses except
depreciation, amortization, impairment losses and impairment loss reversals as well as those
incorporated in the value added.

163

164

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

3.1 Future Perspectives ///// 3.1.1 Economic Outlook
Augmented Version

3. Report on Future Perspectives
and on Opportunities and Risks
3.1 Future Perspectives
3.1.1 Economic Outlook
A 3.1.1/1

Economic Outlook
Growth 1
2017

Growth
forecast 1
2018

World

+ 3.2%

+ 3.3%

European Union

+ 2.5%

+ 2.2%

+ 2.6%

+ 2.8%

United States

+ 2.2%

+ 2.7%

Emerging Markets ²

+ 4.8%

+ 4.8%

of which Germany

Growth 2017 restated
1
Real growth of gross domestic product, source: IHS Markit
2
Including about 50 countries defined by IHS Markit as Emerging Markets in line with the World Bank
As of February 2018

Global economic growth remains strong
The global economy should continue to grow strongly in 2018. In the United States, particularly,
we expect higher momentum than in 2017. Among other things, the recent tax cuts should provide economic impetus, and unemployment should also decline, reinforcing consumer spending.
Robust growth can also be expected in Europe, although it is likely to be slightly lower than in
2017. The economy is still being hampered by political uncertainty, including the wrangling about
what form the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union should take. By contrast, a further
reduction in unemployment should have a positive impact. In the Emerging Markets, we anticipate
strong growth on the same level as in the previous year. As the global economy remains in good
shape, growth in these countries should be driven principally by exports. We expect strong growth
in China but at a slightly slower pace than in 2017.
A 3.1.1/2

Economic Outlook for the Segments
Growth 1
2017

Growth
forecast 1
2018

Pharmaceuticals market

+ 3%

+ 4%

Consumer health market

+ 3 – 4%

+ 3 – 4%

Seeds and crop protection market

+ 1%

+ 3%

Animal health market

+ 2%

+ 4%

1

Bayer’s estimate, except pharmaceuticals. Source for pharmaceuticals market: IMS Health. IMS Market Prognosis.
Copyright 2017. All rights reserved; currency-adjusted; 2017 data provisional
As of February 2018

We anticipate that the pharmaceuticals market will post slightly higher growth in 2018 (4%) than in
2017. The main growth drivers are likely to be new product launches. The expiration of patents is
expected to have a negative impact as it could result in increased competition from generics. We
see a positive development in the United States, Europe, Latin America and Asia, but slower
growth in the Japanese pharmaceuticals market.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
3.1 Future Perspectives ///// 3.1.2 Corporate Outlook
Augmented Version

As regards the consumer health market, we anticipate growth of 3 to 4% in 2018. The market is
likely to remain tight as a result of rising price pressure from e-commerce and consolidation of the
retail sector.
The global seed and crop protection market should develop positively in 2018 (+3%). In our view,
the principal growth momentum will come from Latin America, mainly due to the expected normalization of inventories of crop protection products in Brazil and a further increase in soybean acreages. We also expect the market to grow in the Asia / Pacific region and in Eastern Europe. The
persistently low price of agricultural commodities in North America and Western Europe is likely to
be reflected in sluggish growth, which will lag behind the overall global development.
Following a slight upturn in the animal health market at the end of 2017, we expect growth to pick
up compared with 2017 to 4% in 2018. The main factors here are likely to be an improvement in
market conditions in the farm animals sector, along with further robust demand in the companion
animals business.

3.1.2 Corporate Outlook
The following forecast is based on the current business development and our internal planning.
The planned acquisition of Monsanto is not yet included in this forecast and is dealt with separately below.
Our forecast is based on the exchange rates as of December 31, 2017. To enhance the comparability of operating performance, the forecasts are also adjusted for currency effects 1. A 1%
appreciation (depreciation) of the euro against all other currencies would decrease (increase) sales
on an annual basis by some €250 million and EBITDA before special items by about €70 million.
For 2018, we expect sales of around €35 billion. This corresponds to a low- to mid-single-digit
percentage increase on a currency- and portfolio-adjusted basis. EBITDA before special items is
expected to match the prior-year level (currency-adjusted: increase by a mid-single-digit percentage). Core earnings per share from continuing operations are expected to come in at the prioryear level (currency-adjusted: increase by a mid-single-digit percentage).
A 3.1.2/1

Forecast for Key Financial Data of the Group for 2018
Closing rates on Dec. 31, 2017

Currency-adjusted

Sales

Prior-year level

Increase by a low- to mid-single-digit
percentage

Development of EBITDA before
special items

Prior-year level

Increase by a mid-single-digit percentage

Development of core earnings
per share

Prior-year level

Increase by a mid-single-digit percentage

Sales and earnings forecast by segment
For Pharmaceuticals, we plan to generate sales of more than €16.5 billion, taking into account
product supply constraints out of the Leverkusen Supply Center. This corresponds to a lowsingle-digit percentage increase on a currency- and portfolio-adjusted basis. We aim to raise sales
of our key growth products Xarelto™, Eylea™, Stivarga™, Xofigo™ and Adempas™ towards
€7 billion. We expect EBITDA before special items to decline by a low-single-digit percentage
(currency-adjusted: increase by a low-single-digit percentage), and anticipate a slight decline in
the EBITDA margin before special items.

1

The average monthly exchange rates from 2017 (see B 4/1) were applied.

165

166

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

3.1 Future Perspectives ///// 3.1.2 Corporate Outlook
Augmented Version

In the Consumer Health segment, we expect sales of more than €5.5 billion, which would be at
the prior-year level on a currency- and portfolio adjusted basis. We expect EBITDA before special
items to decline by a low-single-digit percentage (currency-adjusted: increase by a low-single-digit
percentage).
For Crop Science, we see sales coming in at more than €9.5 billion. This corresponds to a midsingle-digit percentage increase on a currency- and portfolio-adjusted basis. We expect to increase EBITDA before special items by a mid- to high-single-digit percentage (currency-adjusted:
mid-teens percentage increase).

See also B 3 for the
effects of IFRS 15

In the Animal Health segment, we expect a currency- and portfolio-adjusted increase in sales by a
low-single-digit percentage. We expect EBITDA before special items to decline by a mid-singledigit percentage (currency-adjusted: at the prior-year level). Both sales and EBITDA before special
items are negatively impacted by revised financial reporting standards (IFRS 15).
Reconciliation: We expect sales of around €1.5 billion in 2018. We plan EBITDA before special

items in the region of minus €0.2 billion.
A 3.1.2/2

Forecast for Other Key Data of the Group for 2018
Closing rates on Dec. 31, 2017
Special charges 1

around €0.4 billion

Research and development expenses

around €4.1 billion

Capital expenditures

around €2.2 billion

of which for intangible assets
Depreciation and amortization
of which on intangible assets
Financial result

around €0.6 billion
around €2.2 billion
around €1.2 billion
around minus €1 billion

Effective tax rate

20.0%

Net financial debt 2

Net liquidity position

1

Mainly comprising costs in connection with the planned acquisition of Monsanto until closing, restructuring measures and efficiency
improvement programs
2
Excluding capital and portfolio measures

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.1 Group-wide Opportunity and Risk Management System
Augmented Version

Outlook including Monsanto
Through the expected acquisition in the second quarter of 2018, we anticipate a significant increase in sales and EBITDA before special items. Based on current assumptions about the equity
and financing measures to be undertaken, we expect a moderate decline in core earnings per
share. For the first full year following the acquisition, we continue to expect a significant increase
in sales and EBITDA before special items, and an increase in core earnings per share.

Outlook for Bayer AG
For Bayer AG we expect sales of approximately €15 billion and EBIT in the region of minus
€1.5 billion. Bayer AG comprises both its own operational business and that assumed from
Bayer Pharma AG and Bayer CropScience AG through business leases. In addition, the earnings
of most major Bayer subsidiaries in Germany are transferred directly to Bayer AG under profit
and loss transfer agreements. Also, specific intra-company dividend measures ensure the availability of sufficient distributable income. On account of the interdependencies between Bayer AG
and its subsidiaries, the outlook for the Bayer Group thus largely also reflects the expectations
for Bayer AG. In the coming year, based on these factors, we expect Bayer AG to report a distributable profit that will again enable our stockholders to adequately participate in the Bayer
Group’s earnings.

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report
3.2.1 Group-wide Opportunity and Risk Management System
As a global life science enterprise, the Bayer Group is constantly exposed to a wide range of internal or external developments and events that could significantly impact the achievement of our
financial and nonfinancial objectives. Opportunity and risk management is therefore an integral
part of corporate management at Bayer. We regard opportunities as positive deviations, and risks
as negative deviations, from projected or target values for potential future developments.
Following the deconsolidation of Covestro at the end of the third quarter of 2017, the opportunity
and risk management of Covestro is no longer analyzed. The operational risks of Covestro are no
longer part of Bayer’s risk profile.

Opportunity management system
We identify opportunities as part of the annual strategic planning cycle, during which the segments analyze internal and external factors that may positively affect the development of our business. These may be factors of a social, economic or environmental nature. The core phase of our
strategic planning process normally takes place in the first half of the year and starts with a comprehensive analysis of the markets. The segments build on this by analyzing their respective market environments to identify their opportunities. They base these analyses on different time periods
to take into account the fact that trends or developments may impact our business over the short,
medium or long term. In addition, opportunities are identified by the management and employees
through daily observation of internal processes and markets. We have already taken account in
our planning of opportunities that we believe are highly probable to materialize.

Risk management system
In connection with the reorganization of the Bayer Group initiated at the beginning of 2016, coordination of risk management activities was combined within the Risk Management function, which
reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer, and the risk management system was comprehensively and extensively realigned. This realignment involved, among other things, the adjustment of
the risk management process – Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process – to include a revised
risk catalogue (Bayer Risk Universe) and a modified assessment system.

See also A 1.1.2

167

168

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.1 Group-wide Opportunity and Risk Management System
Augmented Version

The Bayer Group has implemented a holistic and integrated risk management system designed to
ensure the continued existence and future target attainment of the Group through the early identification, assessment and treatment of risks.
The Bayer Group’s risk management system is aligned to internationally recognized standards and
principles such as the ISO 31000 risk management standard of the International Organization for
Standardization (ISO).
Structure of Bayer’s Risk Management System
A 3.2.1/1

Structure of the Risk Management System
Supervisory Board
Board of Management
Bayer Risk Committee

Pharmaceuticals

Risk early warning system

Consumer Health

Internal control system for
(Group) financial reporting
process
Internal Audit

Crop Science
Compliance management system
Animal Health
Other systems
(e.g. quality management)

Corporate functions,
Business Services & Currenta
Operational business

Control and monitoring systems

Process-independent monitoring

Bayer principles, standards, methods and tools

Board of Management / Supervisory Board

The Board of Management of Bayer AG holds overall responsibility for an effective risk management system. The Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board examines the appropriateness and
effectiveness of the risk management system at least once a year.
Bayer Risk Committee

The Bayer Risk Committee, which is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer, is comprised of representatives from the segments and corporate functions. It ensures that all relevant risks are adequately addressed with risk mitigation measures, and also discusses and regularly evaluates the
risk portfolio and the mitigation status.
Business operations

Responsibility for the identification, assessment, treatment and reporting of risks lies with the
operational business units in the segments and corporate functions.
Control and monitoring systems

To enable the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board to monitor material business risks
as required by law, the Bayer Group has implemented a risk early warning system pursuant to
Section 91, Paragraph 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG), an internal control system
for (Group) accounting and financial reporting processes and a compliance management system.
Various corporate functions are responsible for these systems.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.1 Group-wide Opportunity and Risk Management System
Augmented Version

As the main corporate function for control and monitoring systems, the Risk Management function
assumes governance and coordination responsibilities in relation to the risk management system.
It provides overarching standards, methods and tools, is responsible for the risk early warning
system, steers the annual ERM process and ensures reporting to the Bayer Risk Committee and
the Board of Management. The three systems in place at Bayer are described below.
Risk early warning system

Our ERM process meets the requirements set out in Section 91, Paragraph 2 of the German
Stock Corporation Act. This uses a risk early warning system to identify at an early stage developments that are material and / or could endanger the company’s continued existence. This process establishes a consistent framework and uniform standards for the risk early warning system
throughout the Group.
Internal control system for (Group) accounting and financial reporting

(Report pursuant to Sections 289, Paragraph 4 and 315, Paragraph 4 of the German Commercial
Code)
As part of the comprehensive risk management system, Bayer has an internal control system (ICS)
in place for the (Group) accounting and financial reporting process. This process comprises defined structures and workflows implemented throughout the organization. The purpose of our ICS
is to ensure proper and effective accounting and financial reporting in accordance with Section
289, Paragraph 4 and Section 315, Paragraph 4 of the German Commercial Code. The ICS is
designed to guarantee timely, uniform and accurate accounting for all business transactions based
on applicable statutory regulations, accounting and financial reporting standards and the internal
Group policies that are binding upon all consolidated companies. Risks are identified and assessed, and mitigated using suitable countermeasures. Mandatory ICS standards such as systembased and manual reconciliation processes and functional separation have been derived from
these frameworks and promulgated throughout the Group by the Risk Management function on
behalf of the Chief Financial Officer of Bayer AG. The ICS standards are implemented by the
Group companies and their compliance overseen by the respective management. Using Bayer’s
shared service centers, these companies prepare their financial statements locally and transmit
them with the aid of a standard Group data model. This data model is based on the Group accounting policy and thus ensures the regulatory compliance of the consolidated financial statements. The Board of Management has confirmed the effective functioning of the ICS and the relevant criteria for the 2017 fiscal year. However, it should be noted that an internal control system,
irrespective of its design, cannot provide absolute assurance that material misstatements in the
financial reporting will be avoided or identified.
Compliance management system

Our compliance management system is aimed at ensuring lawful and responsible conduct by our
employees. It is designed to identify potential violations in advance and systematically prevent
their occurrence. The compliance management system thus contributes significantly to the integration of compliance into our operating units and their processes. Details on compliance management can be found under A 4.2 “Compliance.” This section describes in particular the process
used to identify risks and measures taken to mitigate them.
Process-independent monitoring

Among other tasks, the Internal Audit function supports the Board of Management in the independent monitoring of the risk management system. It examines individual risk areas and the
measures undertaken.
In addition, the external auditor, as an independent external body, assesses the fundamental suitability of the early warning system as part of its audit of the annual financial statements.

See also A 4.2

169

170

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.1 Group-wide Opportunity and Risk Management System
Augmented Version

Basic Elements of the Risk Management System
A 3.2.1/2

Basic Elements of the Risk Management System

The basic elements of the risk management system are described below and established in binding documents.
Risk culture and objectives of the risk management system

The principles of the risk management system are based on the strategic objectives of the Bayer
Group as a whole and its individual segments, and establish the foundation for proper and responsible risk management.
The incorporation of all levels of the company into this process heightens awareness about and
understanding of risks, which is essential for creating a risk culture. Furthermore, the clearly defined roles and responsibilities, principles, standards, methods, tools and training measures create
the foundation for the independent, proactive and systematic management of risks.
Risk management process

Identification: Risks are identified by risk owners in the operational companies and functions. To
For further information
on the implementation
of the CSR Directive,
see “About this Report”

support the most complete possible identification of risks, the Bayer Group maintains a Risk Universe that reflects the potential risk categories of Bayer as a life science company. The Bayer Risk
Universe also expressly accounts for risks of a nonfinancial nature that are linked with our business activity or business relationships, products and services. Pursuant to the CSR Directive Implementation Act, such risks can include environmental, employee and social issues, as well as
human rights, and corruption and bribery (compliance). The Bayer Risk Universe is regularly examined and updated if necessary.
Assessment: As set out in the following matrix, the identified risks are evaluated according to their
potential impact and likelihood of occurrence, taking into account mitigation measures. Beginning
this year, risks are classified in a 5x5 matrix; previously a 3x3 matrix was used.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

171

A Combined Management Report
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.1 Group-wide Opportunity and Risk Management System
Augmented Version

A 3.2.1/3

Risk Assessment Matrix

Major /
> 1,500 –2,500
Significant /
> 750– 1,500
Medium /
> 250– 750

Potential impact
qualitative / quantitative
(€ million)

Severe /
> 2,500

Moderate /
> 150– 250
Likelihood of occurrence in a 10-year period (%)
Very unlikely
< 10%

High

Medium

Low

Unlikely
10%– 30%

Possible
30%– 50%

Likely
50%– 70%

Risks to be reported externally

The extent of the impact is rated according to quantity and / or quality. The quantitative assessment reflects the possible loss of cash flows, whereas an earnings parameter was previously
used. A qualitative assessment of damages is based on criteria such as the impact on our strategy or reputation, the potential loss of stakeholder confidence, and the potential violation of sustainability principles (e.g. in the area of safety, environmental protection or human rights). The
highest rating – qualitatively or quantitatively – determines the overall assessment. The likelihood
of occurrence is calculated based on a period of ten years. Risks are classified as high, medium
or low to assess their materiality regarding the overall risk portfolio.
Risks with a potential impact of over €4,000 million are separately examined by the Bayer Risk
Committee to determine their potential to endanger the company’s continued existence.
Treatment: The risk owners decide on a targeted risk level based on a cost-benefit analysis and

define a risk management strategy as well as risk management measures. These include risk
avoidance, risk reduction, risk transfer and risk acceptance.
Reporting: The results are reported to the Bayer Risk Committee by the Risk Management function. In addition, new risks above a defined threshold are reported to the Risk Management function on an ad-hoc basis and, if relevant, to the Bayer Risk Committee and the Chief Financial Officer. A report on the risk portfolio is submitted to the Board of Management and the Audit
Committee of the Supervisory Board once a year.
Monitoring and improvement

The appropriateness and timeliness of the principles, standards, methods and tools are continuously evaluated by those responsible for ERM. Should the targets and / or the Bayer Risk Universe
change, for example, this leads to an adjustment.

Very likely
> 70%

172

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.2 Opportunity and Risk Status
Augmented Version

3.2.2 Opportunity and Risk Status
As material reportable risks pursuant to German Accounting Standard No. 20, all high and medium – or at least significant in terms of potential impact – financial and nonfinancial risks, within the
black outline in the rating matrix A 3.2.1/3, are reported as follows. By contrast, according to the
system applied in the previous year, all risks with a total potential impact of €500 million were
taken into account. In addition, we report relevant risks that from a financial point of view may not
be sufficiently or meaningfully quantifiable, if at all. The risks reported in this section are described
in detail and include the measures established to mitigate them (net risk). We also report on the
principal opportunities identified in the course of our opportunity management.
Comparable risks existing in different segments of the company are bundled where applicable.
The order in which the risks are listed does not imply any order of importance. The risk management processes were further developed compared with the previous year and the assessment
method changed as described above. For this reason, a year-on-year comparison of risks is only
possible to a limited extent and is therefore not illustrated here. Wherever relevant, we also describe segment-specific peculiarities of opportunities and risks.

See also A 3.2.1 and
“About this Report”

According to our understanding, risks relating to the aspects outlined in the CSR Directive Implementation Act that would have to be reported separately would have to have at least a “severe”
potential impact and their likelihood of occurrence would have to be classified as “highly likely.”
We did not identify any such risks in 2017.

See also A 3.2.3

The following table provides an overview of the individual risk categories together with risk classes
and the segments that are affected. The opportunities and risks resulting from the planned acquisition of Monsanto are described in detail in the following chapter.
A 3.2.2/1

Overview of Material Risk Areas
Risk category

Risk class

Affected segment(s)
or Group 1

Medium

PH, Group

Strategic risks
External network and partnerships
Operational performance risks
Intellectual property

Medium

PH, CS

Research and development

High

PH, CS 2

Market supply

Medium

CS

Personnel

Medium

Group

Information technology

Medium

Group

Finance, accounting and tax

Medium

Group

Product safety

Medium

PH, CS

Health, safety and environment

Medium

Group

Quality and regulatory requirements

High

CS, PH 2

Legal compliance

See A.3.2.2 “Legal
compliance”

Safety, quality and compliance risks

External risks
Business markets

Medium

PH, CS, CH

Political, social and macroeconomic environment

Medium

CS

Natural disasters and crises

Medium

PH, Group

PH: Pharmaceuticals; CS: Crop Science; CH: Consumer Health
1
Listed are those segments that have identified material risks. Other segments may also be affected to a lesser extent.
The Group has been indicated where material risks have been reported by corporate functions.
2
Risk class: medium

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

173

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.2 Opportunity and Risk Status
Augmented Version

External network and partnerships
We collaborate with partners along the value chain of our products. Suboptimum performance by
collaboration partners may affect the development, manufacture or marketing of our products and
services and adversely impact our business.
In some countries the marketing rights for certain pharmaceutical products are held by third parties. Inadequate performance by these marketing partners could adversely affect the development
of our sales and costs. Therefore, we have established an Alliance Management unit to monitor
the most important collaborations and provide relevant support to the operational functions.
Furthermore, some materials, particularly in our Pharmaceuticals segment, are provided by only a
very limited number of suppliers. Production could be disrupted by delays in delivery. Price adjustments may also occur that could have a negative impact on our margin. We counter these
risks by establishing alternative suppliers, concluding long-term agreements, expanding inventories or producing raw materials ourselves. Strategic Material Review Committees (SMRCs) regularly examine and assess the supplier risks.
From the perspective of the Group as a whole, there is a risk that our corporate values, ethical
requirements, compliance and sustainability are not adequately accounted for by our external
network and our partners. We counter this risk through an evaluation process, a code of conduct
for suppliers, and supplier evaluations and audits.

See also A 1.4.2.1

Intellectual property
The Bayer Group, now as in the past, has a portfolio that largely consists of patent-protected
products. Due to the long period of time between the patent application and the market launch of
a product, Bayer generally only has a few years in which to earn an adequate return on its investment in research and development. This makes effective and reliable patent protection all the
more important. Generic manufacturers, in particular, attempt to contest patents prior to their
expiration. We are currently involved in legal proceedings to enforce patent protection for our
products. Legal action by third parties for alleged infringement of patent or proprietary rights by
Bayer may impede or even halt the development or manufacturing of certain products or require
us to pay monetary damages or royalties to third parties. Our patents department regularly reviews the patent situation in collaboration with the respective operating units and monitors for
potential patent infringements so that legal action can be taken if necessary.

See also Note 32 to
B Consolidated Financial
Statements

Research and development
We believe that our innovation strength holds opportunities both for the continued development of
our brands and for the expansion of the research pipeline in all of our businesses.
In the Pharmaceuticals segment, opportunities result from digitalization and associated new research and development methods that save time and increase development effectiveness.
We also rely on networking, both within the company and with external partners, to boost our
innovation strength. This stimulates the development of new products in the long term.

See also A 1.3

174

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.2 Opportunity and Risk Status
Augmented Version

Despite all our efforts, we cannot assure that we will identify a sufficient number of research candidates and that all of the products we are currently developing or will develop in the future will
achieve and retain planned approval / registration or commercial success. Among other factors,
this may result from the failure to meet technical, capacity- and time-related requirements or the
inability to meet trial objectives in product development. The performance of our research partners
could also have a limiting impact in this respect. Delays or cost overruns might occur during product registration or launch. The Bayer Group seeks to counter this risk by way of holistic portfolio
management in order to estimate the probability of success and prioritize its development projects.

Market supply
See also
A 1.4.2.1 and A 1.4.2.2

Despite all precautions, operations at our sites may be disrupted by fires, power failures, cyber
attacks or supply disruptions. This also applies to external partners. If we are unable to meet demand for our products, sales may undergo a structural decline. We counter this risk by distributing
production for certain products among multiple sites or by building up safety stocks. Furthermore,
an emergency response system based on the respective corporate policy has been implemented
at all our production sites as a mandatory component of our HSEQ management.

Personnel
See also A 1.4.1.1

Skilled and dedicated employees are essential for the company’s success. Difficulties in recruiting,
hiring, retaining and further developing specialized employees could have significant adverse consequences for the company’s future development. Furthermore, an inadequate and nontransparent company culture and strategy, as well as the resulting objectives and demands placed on
employees, could lead to declining motivation and unsatisfactory performance and have a negative impact on Bayer’s attractiveness as an employer.
Based on our analysis of future requirements, we design appropriate employee recruitment and
development measures. In addition, the alignment of our company culture toward diversity and
employee needs enables us to tap the full potential of the employment market. Furthermore, deliberate and transparent change management forms an integral part of our human resources management, enabling us to constantly motivate our employees.

Information technology
Business and production processes and the internal and external communications of the Bayer
Group are dependent on global IT systems. The confidentiality of internal and external data is of
fundamental importance to Bayer in this connection. A loss of data confidentiality, integrity or
authenticity, for example due to (cyber) attacks, could lead to manipulation and / or the uncontrolled outflow of data and know-how. Measures undertaken to counter this risk include the highintensity testing of new technologies to be deployed and the implementation of projects to keep
technical security standards up to date and proactively examine new threats (e.g. Information
Security@Bayer, Cyber Security Initiative, User Awareness). In addition, the existing IT infrastructure is protected against unwanted access through security measures by the Corporate Cyber
Defense Center.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.2 Opportunity and Risk Status
Augmented Version

Finance, accounting, tax
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risks reflect the possible inability of the Bayer Group to meet current or future payment
obligations. The liquidity risk is determined and managed by the Finance function as part of our
same-day and medium-term liquidity planning. The Bayer Group holds sufficient liquidity to ensure
the fulfillment of all planned payment obligations at maturity. For unbudgeted shortfalls in cash
receipts or unexpected disbursements, furthermore, a reserve is maintained whose amount is
regularly reviewed and adjusted. Credit facilities also exist with banks, including, in particular, an
undrawn €3.5 billion syndicated revolving credit facility with a current maturity of 2020.
Credit risks
Credit risks arise from the possibility that the value of receivables or other financial assets of the
Bayer Group may be impaired because counterparties cannot meet their payment or other performance obligations. The maximum default risk is reduced by existing collateral, especially our
global credit insurance programs. To manage credit risks from trade receivables, the respective
invoicing companies appoint credit managers who regularly analyze customers’ creditworthiness.
Some of these receivables are collateralized, and the collateral is used according to local conditions. These include credit insurances and guarantees. We generally agree reservation of title with
our customers. Credit limits are set for all customers. All credit limits for debtors where total exposure is €10 million or more are evaluated locally and submitted to the Group Finance function.
Credit risks from financial transactions are managed centrally in the Finance function. To minimize
risks, financial transactions are only conducted within predefined exposure limits and with banks
and other partners that preferably have investment-grade ratings.
Opportunities and risks resulting from market price changes
Opportunities and risks resulting from fluctuating exchange and interest rates in the market are
managed by the Finance function. Risks are avoided or mitigated through the use of derivative
financial instruments. The type and level of currency and interest-rate risks are explained using
sensitivity analyses based on hypothetical changes in risk variables (such as interest curves) to
determine the potential effects of market price fluctuations on equity and earnings. The assumptions used in the sensitivity analyses reflect our view of the changes in currency exchange and
interest rates that are reasonably possible over a one-year period. These assumptions are regularly reviewed.
Foreign currency opportunities and risks for the Bayer Group result from changes in exchange
rates and the related changes in the value of financial instruments (including receivables and payables) and of anticipated payment receipts and disbursements in the functional currency. Receivables and payables in liquid currencies from operating activities and financial items are generally
fully exchange-hedged through cross-currency interest-rate swaps. Anticipated exposure from
planned payment receipts and disbursements in the future is hedged through forward exchange
contracts and currency options according to management guidelines.
Sensitivities were determined on the basis of a hypothetical scenario in which the euro appreciates or depreciates by 10% against all other currencies compared with the year-end exchange
rates. In this scenario, the estimated hypothetical increase or decrease in cash flows from derivative and nonderivative financial instruments would have improved or diminished earnings and equity (other comprehensive income) as of December 31, 2017, by €346 million (December 31, 2016:
€380 million). Of this amount, €155 million is related to the U.S. dollar (USD), €66 million to the
Chinese renminbi (CNY), €44 million to the Japanese yen (JPY) and €40 million to the Canadian
dollar (CAD). Currency effects on anticipated exposure are not taken into account. Derivatives
used to hedge anticipated currency exposure that are designated for hedge accounting would
have improved or diminished other comprehensive income by €353 million.

175

176

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.2 Opportunity and Risk Status
Augmented Version

Interest-rate opportunities and risks result for the Bayer Group through changes in capital market
interest rates, which in turn could lead to changes in the fair value of fixed-rate financial instruments and changes in interest payments in the case of floating-rate instruments. Interest-rate
opportunities and risks are managed over a target duration established by management for Bayer
Group debt that is subject to regular review. Interest-rate swaps are concluded to achieve the
target structure for Bayer Group debt. A sensitivity analysis based on our net floating-rate receivables and payables position at year end 2017, taking into account the interest rates relevant for our
receivables and payables in all principal currencies, produced the following result: A hypothetical
increase of one percentage point in these interest rates (assuming constant currency exchange
rates) as of January 1, 2017, would have raised our interest expense for the year ended
December 31, 2017, by €13 million (December 31, 2016: €31 million).
Financial risks associated with pension obligations
The Bayer Group has obligations to current and former employees related to pensions and other
post-employment benefits. Changes in relevant measurement parameters such as interest rates,
mortality and salary increase rates may raise the present value of our pension obligations. This
may lead to increased costs for pension plans or diminish equity due to actuarial losses being
recognized as other comprehensive income in the statement of comprehensive income. A large
proportion of our pension and other post-employment benefit obligations is covered by plan
assets including fixed-income securities, shares, real estate and other investments. Declining or
even negative returns on these investments may adversely affect the future fair value of plan
assets. Both these effects may negatively impact the development of equity and / or earnings
and / or may necessitate additional payments by our company. We address the risk of marketrelated fluctuations in the fair value of our plan assets through balanced strategic investment, and
we constantly monitor investment risks in regard to our global pension obligations.
Tax risks
Bayer AG and its subsidiaries operate worldwide and are thus subject to many different national
tax laws and regulations. Bayer Group companies are regularly audited by the tax authorities in
various countries. Amendments to tax laws and regulations, legal judgments and their interpretation by the tax authorities, and the findings of tax audits in these countries may result in higher tax
expense and payments, thus also influencing the level of tax receivables, tax liabilities and deferred tax assets and liabilities. We counter the resulting risks by continuously identifying and evaluating the tax framework.

Product safety
See also A 1.4.3.1

Bayer evaluates the potential health and environmental risks of a product along the entire value
chain. Despite extensive studies prior to approval or registration, it is possible that products could
be partially or completely withdrawn from the market due to the occurrence of unexpected side
effects or other factors. Such a withdrawal may be voluntary or result from legal or regulatory
measures. We counter these risks through our organizational and operational structure in the
areas of pharmaceutical and crop protection product safety and testing. In addition, Crop Science
has a comprehensive stewardship program in place.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

177

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.2 Opportunity and Risk Status
Augmented Version

Health, safety and environment
We attach great importance not only to product safety but also to protecting our employees and
the environment. Misconduct and noncompliance with these requirements may result in personal
injury, property, reputation and environmental damage, loss of production, business interruptions
and / or liability for compensation payments. With our principles, standards and measures, we
ensure that our requirements are adequately communicated, understood and optimally implemented.

See also
A 1.4.3.2 and A 1.4.3.3

Quality and regulatory requirements
In almost every country where we operate, our business activity is subject to extensive regulations, standards, requirements and inspections. Due to growing public and regulatory expectations, we continue to anticipate considerably more stringent regulatory requirements; for example
for clinical studies or production processes in the area of health or at Crop Science in the monitoring of genetically modified organisms, particularly at country level. The presence of traces of unwanted genetically modified organisms in agricultural products and / or foodstuffs cannot be entirely excluded. Potential infringements of current or changing regulatory requirements may result
in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines, a restriction on
our freedom to operate, and / or other adverse financial consequences. They could also harm
Bayer’s reputation and lead to declining sales and / or margins. Changed requirements can also
lead to higher product development costs and times as well as a necessary adjustment in the
product portfolio.
We counter these risks through binding principles and standards, and implemented control mechanisms. Changes in regulatory requirements are monitored to ensure their implementation. Quality
requirements are defined and implemented in global quality management systems.

See also A 1.4.3.1

Legal compliance
The Bayer Group is exposed to risks from legal disputes or proceedings to which we are currently
a party or which could arise in the future, particularly in the areas of product liability, competition
and antitrust law, anticorruption law, patent law, tax law, data protection and environmental protection. Investigations of possible legal or regulatory violations, such as potential infringements of
antitrust law or certain marketing and / or distribution methods, may result in the imposition of civil
or criminal penalties – including substantial monetary fines – and / or other adverse financial consequences, harm Bayer’s reputation and hamper our commercial success. Bayer has established
a global compliance management system to ensure the observance of laws and regulations.

Business market
There is a risk that our growth and market share could be impeded by increasing global cost
pressure on health care systems, as well as price regulations. Government price controls, in part
due to global cost pressure on health care systems, could reduce earnings from our pharmaceutical products and may occasionally make the market launch of a new product unprofitable. Furthermore, our growth and the development of our market share could be negatively affected by
innovative and aggressive (pricing) policies by competitors, including generic competitors.
We expect the current extent of regulatory controls and pricing pressure to persist or increase. We
are responding to this trend by expanding in-house research and development capacities and
through acquisitions and collaborations.

See also A 3.2.1, A 4.2
and Note 32 to
B Consolidated Financial
Statements

178

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.2 Opportunity and Risk Status
Augmented Version

See also A 3.2.3

The current global consolidation process in the seeds and crop protection is also altering our
future competitive environment. We also see a risk in the Crop Science segment that digitalization
could fundamentally change markets for seeds and crop protection products, and have an impact
on value creation and access to markets and customers. Should we be unable to profit from or
counteract these developments through suitable initiatives, this could lead to a loss of customers,
market share or business value and necessitate higher subsequent investments. We are countering this risk in part through our Digital Farming Initiative, in which we utilize findings from the analysis and interpretation of agricultural data, and through selected further acquisitions and broadly
based scientific and commercial partnerships.
The risk of existing business models being disrupted by digitalization or new digital products is
also present in the Consumer Health segment. Digitalization is a key factor in gaining a competitive advantage. If we fail to adequately integrate this development into our existing business models, we could lose customers or market share. In the context of initiatives, we monitor the market
very closely and develop strategies to illustrate developments in our business models.

Political, social and macroeconomic environment
Changes in political, social and macroeconomic factors such as economic growth, life expectancy,
population size and consumer behavior as well as societal trends, political crises and instability
result in opportunities for us, but are also associated with risks.
Modern agricultural methods, the application of certain classes of crop protection products and
the use of genetic engineering are repeatedly the subject of intense public debate. This political
opinion-forming may yield legislative and regulatory decisions that significantly limit the use of our
products or even result in voluntary or mandated product withdrawals. In addition, decisions could
also affect agricultural imports from other parts of the world and therefore our business in those
regions. To mitigate such risks, we are closely monitoring the regulatory and legislative decisionmaking processes and developing our product portfolio with a view to the anticipated changes.
We are also engaged in a constant dialogue with interest groups and regulators to promote a
scientifically founded, rational and responsible discussion and decision-making process.
The opportunities for our agricultural businesses arise from global population growth and the increasing demand for food. In addition, consumer behavior in some regions is shifting toward higher demand for food products of animal origin. Agricultural productivity therefore needs to increase
in view of declining per-capita acreages, the challenges presented by climate change, and increasing pesticide resistance. We expect the demand for high-quality seed and crop protection
products to rise in light of the need to produce sufficient food and animal feed to meet the growing demand in spite of limited acreages. In response, Crop Science is developing processes to
more effectively protect plants against climatic and environmental influences and raise crop yields,
for example.
The increase in quality of life and life expectancy is leading to a heightened focus on the medical
care needs of elderly patients. Our concentration on certain partly age-related diseases such as
cancer or chronic cardiovascular disorders harbors opportunities for us. In response to the growing demand for innovative health care products to treat age-related diseases, Bayer’s Pharmaceuticals segment is concentrating its research and development activities on relevant therapeutic areas.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

179

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.3 Opportunities and Risks Related to the Planned Acquisition of Monsanto
Augmented Version

Natural disasters and crises
Our business activities could be affected by natural disasters, pandemics and epidemics, terrorist
activities or comparable critical events. For example, some of our production sites are located in
regions that could be affected by natural disasters such as flooding or earthquakes. Such events
could cause stoppages at production plants or other disruptions, or result in personal injury and
damage to our reputation, as well as lead to declines in sales and / or margins and necessitate the
reconstruction of damaged infrastructure.
We address these risks through our local crisis organizations, which, among other things, provide
response plans. We have implemented early warning systems, ensure continuous reporting and
carry out regular crisis simulation exercises. In addition, we have established global safety communities, and the Business Continuity Management department within the Group Risk Management function assesses such risks and defines appropriate measures together with the responsible specialist units.

3.2.3 Opportunities and Risks Related to the Planned Acquisition
of Monsanto
In order to prepare the future integration of the Monsanto business, Bayer has initiated a project in
which the integration process is being carefully planned in all business areas so that it can be
achieved after all regulatory approvals have been received and the transaction has been closed.
Our existing risk management methods are being applied here to identify at an early stage possible risks resulting from the acquisition and integration, and to initiate suitable countermeasures as
quickly as possible. The integration process will start after the transaction is closed, which we
now expect in the second quarter of 2018. Bayer is experienced in successfully integrating acquisitions from a business, geographical and cultural perspective, and in so doing remains committed
to its strong culture of innovation, sustainability and social responsibility.

Opportunities
Following the successful integration of the Monsanto business, we see additional opportunities for
combining our complementary innovative expertise. Feeding a growing global population in an
ecologically sustainable way is among the challenges faced by agriculture, and is one that requires
a new approach that more systematically integrates expertise across seeds, traits and crop protection including biologicals. The merger would enable us to offer a broader portfolio of innovative
products tailored to meet farmers' individual needs and the many challenges they face. The range
and depth of our research and development activities should make it possible to optimize the
various technologies so that we can accelerate the time-to-market of enhanced innovations. We
believe that by combining our innovation capacities and our research and development budget,
we can more effectively tackle the challenges faced in developing and introducing innovations in
agriculture, including longer and more costly development cycles or stricter regulatory requirements. In the medium to long term, we plan to leverage the strengths of the combined R&D platform to deliver pioneering technologies faster and to provide our customers with advanced, customized product solutions on the basis of agricultural analysis, along with supporting digital
farming applications. These developments are expected to result in significant and lasting benefits
for farmers: from improved sourcing and increased convenience to higher yield, better environmental protection and sustainability. We believe the combined company will be very well positioned to tap the considerable long-term growth potential of the agricultural sector.

See also A 1.2.1 for
Crop Science strategy

180

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.3 Opportunities and Risks Related to the Planned Acquisition of Monsanto
Augmented Version

Risks
The size and importance of the acquisition result in the following principal risks, which could adversely affect our current or future business, financial position, share price or dividend payments.
As Bayer and Monsanto are currently still independent companies, the risks are not assessed
through the previously described Enterprise Risk Management process. Some are identified and
evaluated as part of the project set up to prepare for the integration, based on available information. The list of risks therefore makes no claim to completeness, nor does the order in which
they are listed imply any order of importance.
Requirements for closing
At the present time, the possibility cannot be excluded that the planned acquisition will be delayed
or not take place at all. The transaction remains subject to customary closing conditions, including
relevant antitrust and other regulatory approvals. The necessary approvals may be refused or
could be tied to certain divestment actions or other commitments required by regulators of Bayer
and / or Monsanto. Such measures could negatively impact our strategic planning and necessitate
substantial adjustments to our operational and financial structures. Furthermore, Bayer may not
be able to effect commitments in a timely manner, or at all, or on economically viable terms.
The merger agreement also provides for payment by Bayer of a US$2 billion reverse break fee, in
particular, in the event that the transaction has not been closed at the latest by June 14, 2018,
because a necessary antitrust approval has not been granted and Bayer or Monsanto therefore
terminates the merger agreement.
Strategic or operational objectives may not be met
Our strategic and operational objectives regarding the acquisition and integration of the Monsanto
business are based on assumptions and estimates we have made that may prove inaccurate,
including Monsanto’s earning potential and cost structure, the synergy and innovation potentials
of both companies and future economic developments and market changes.
Integration-related risks
In addition, difficulties may arise in connection with the acquisition and integration of the Monsanto business that adversely impact our current business or may prevent the expected benefits of
the acquisition from being fully realized.
It is therefore possible that combining businesses, processes and workforces as intended while
retaining multiple corporate locations could be more complex than expected, partly in view of
different corporate cultures and divergent internal control and compliance systems. The merger
could also lead to the loss of customers, suppliers, partners, licensors or contacts to other stakeholders.
The possible loss of employees in key positions could have a particularly negative effect. The
successful integration and the implementation of a joint strategy require managerial staff and talented employees from both Bayer and Monsanto. Should we be unsuccessful in retaining these
employees, for example due to potential uncertainty among employees regarding jobs, company
locations or corporate culture, this could impede the efficient integration and leveraging of the two
companies’ respective strengths. In particular, we could lose the know-how of these managerial
staff and talented employees. This could negatively affect our innovation capability and lead to
business disruptions.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

181

3.2 Opportunity and Risk Report ///// 3.2.4 Overall Assessment of Opportunities and Risks by the Board of Management
Augmented Version

The achievement of expectations in terms of the tax and accounting treatment of the transaction
will be subject to a future detailed review. In light of this, it is possible that there will be unexpectedly high transaction and integration costs along with further risks and/or charges. It is also possible that we may be forced to recognize an impairment loss on the intangible assets of Monsanto
and the goodwill of Crop Science if unforeseen difficulties arise during the integration, if the
Monsanto business fails to develop as expected or if other business developments affecting Crop
Science occur that have not been anticipated.
Change in the risk profile and in regulatory and legal requirements
We anticipate that our risk profile will change as a consequence of acquiring and integrating the
Monsanto business. We could be exposed to additional risks in connection with the combined
agricultural business of Bayer and Monsanto that in some cases may not yet have been identified
or cannot be conclusively assessed. We may face increased or additional risks as well as further
regulatory or legal requirements that are not yet transparent, such as those resulting from Monsanto’s stronger focus on seed, modified plant traits and phosphate mining. Noncompliance with
these requirements could result in export restrictions, product recalls or litigations. The rejection or
limitation of marketing authorizations would lead to the restriction or discontinuation of marketing
for the affected products. Furthermore, a lack of public understanding and of acceptance or perceived acceptance of biotechnology and other agricultural products of Monsanto and of the advantages of the pending transaction could damage Bayer’s reputation and consequently negatively impact Bayer’s business or earnings situation. It is possible that the acquisition of the Monsanto
business could, among other things, lead to a sustainability rating downgrade. This increased
reputation risk exists for the entire Group and could, for example, have a negative impact on regulatory decisions.
Risks from the financing of the planned acquisition
We are also exposed to certain risks from the financing of the planned acquisition. These mainly
result from the need to refinance the original acquisition financing, the increase in debt and the
possible credit rating downgrade by the rating agencies. Risks also arise from the development of
the USD / EUR exchange rate and the interest rate level, as well as from potential difficulties in
refinancing the transaction with (additional) equity capital to the extent planned.

3.2.4 Overall Assessment of Opportunities and Risks
by the Board of Management
In the opinion of the Board of Management, based on the current evaluations, none of the risks
described above endanger the company’s continued existence. Nor could we identify any risk
interdependencies that could combine to endanger the company’s continued existence. Based on
our existing business activity, we do not see any change in our risk situation compared with the
previous year. However, we see an increase in the overall risk situation when the planned acquisition of Monsanto is taken into account. We remain convinced that we can take advantage of the
opportunities resulting from our entrepreneurial activity and successfully master the challenges
resulting from the risks stated above.

No risks that could
endanger the company’s
existence.

182

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

4.1 Declaration by Corporate Management pursuant to Section 289f and Section 315d of the German Commercial Code
Augmented Version

The Board of Management and the Supervisory Board have compiled a complete Corporate Governance Report,
which is available on the
Bayer AG website at
www.bayer.com/en/
CorporateGovernance.aspx

See also C
Governance Bodies

4. Corporate Governance Report
Conformance with the recommendations of the German Corporate
Governance Code
Diversity concepts and new targets defined for proportion of women in
senior positions
Nonfinancial statement integrated into management report
The Corporate Governance Report of the Bayer Group conforms with the recommendations of the
German Corporate Governance Code and includes a Declaration by Corporate Management pursuant to Sections 289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code as well as all the information
and explanations required by Section 289a through e and Section 315a through d of the German
Commercial Code. The contents of the Corporate Governance Report are also included in the
management report. The information contained in the Declaration by Corporate Management is
unaudited pursuant to Section 317, Paragraph 2, Sentence 4 and Sentence 5, of the German
Commercial Code.

4.1 Declaration by Corporate Management pursuant
to Section 289f and Section 315d of the German
Commercial Code
With the Declaration by Corporate Management pursuant to Sections 289f and 315d of the
German Commercial Code for Bayer AG and the Bayer Group, the company provides information
on the main elements of the Bayer Group’s corporate governance structures, relevant corporate
governance practices, the composition and procedures of the Board of Management and the
Supervisory Board and its committees, and the objectives and concepts that must be established
when composing the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board.

Declaration concerning the German Corporate Governance Code pursuant to
Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act
The declaration issued in
December 2017 concerning the German
Corporate Governance
Code is published on the
Bayer website along with
previous declarations:
www.bayer.com/en/
corporategovernance.aspx

See A 1.1
Vision and values

https://www.bayer.com/
en/corporatecompliance-policy.aspx

https://www.bayer.com/
en/supplier-code-ofconduct.aspx

In December 2017, the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG again issued an unqualified declaration pursuant to Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act
that they fully complied with the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code in
the past and intend to maintain full compliance in the future.

Information on corporate governance practices
Bayer AG is subject to German stock corporation law and therefore has a dual governance
system consisting of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board. The Board of Management and the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG manage the company based on a transparent
strategy that is geared toward the long-term success of the company and complies with
applicable law and ethical standards.
Corporate governance practices that go beyond the legal requirements are derived from our vision
and our common values, which form the basis of the respectful working relationship between our
employees and with our external partners. Compliance with responsible practices at every stage
of the value chain is crucial in corporate governance. The main guidelines are summarized primarily in our Corporate Policies on compliance, human rights, and fairness and respect at work, as
well as our Supplier Code of Conduct. The organization and oversight obligations of the Board of
Management and the Supervisory Board are mainly ensured by compliance management and risk
management systems.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

183

4.1 Declaration by Corporate Management pursuant to Section 289f and Section 315d of the German Commercial Code
Augmented Version

Board of Management
Composition and objectives (diversity concept)

The Board of Management of Bayer AG is comprised of seven members and runs the company on
its own responsibility with the goal of sustainably increasing the company’s enterprise value and
achieving defined corporate objectives.

Compensation of the
members of the Board of
Management: see A 4.4

In the composition of the Board of Management, the Supervisory Board mainly takes into account
specialist expertise and personal aptitude, as well as aspects such as age, gender, education and
professional background. With regard to the proportion of women on the company’s Board of
Management, the Supervisory Board aims to ensure that there is at least one woman serving on
the Board of Management. This corresponds to a share of around 14% on the seven-member
Board of Management.
Another aspect relating to the composition of the Board of Management that the Supervisory
Board has resolved to pursue is diversity. Without basing selection decisions on this aspect in
individual cases, the Supervisory Board aims to ensure that different age groups are adequately
represented on the Board of Management, while also taking into account the experience required
for a position on the Board of Management. Irrespective of this, members of the Board of Management should generally step down from that office when they turn 62. The composition of the
Board of Management should adequately reflect the company’s international operations. The Supervisory Board therefore endeavors to include on the Board of Management several members of
different nationalities or with an international background (e.g. several years of career experience
outside Germany or the oversight of foreign business activities). The Supervisory Board also
strives to ensure diversity with regard to the educational and professional background of the
members of the Board of Management. In addition to the requisite specific professional expertise,
management and leadership experience for the given task, members of the Board of Management
should cover as broad a spectrum of knowledge, experience, and educational and professional
backgrounds as possible.
With this concept for the composition of the Board of Management, the Supervisory Board pursues the goal of ensuring not just the greatest possible individual suitability of its various members, but also that as many different perspectives as possible are represented in the leadership of
the company through a balanced and diverse Board of Management structure and that the candidate selection pool is as large as possible.
In accordance with statutory requirements, furthermore, there are also targets pertaining to the
proportion of women at the first and second management levels below the Board of Management
of Bayer AG. The Board of Management has set objectives of 20% women on the first management level of Bayer AG and 25% women on the second management level. These objectives are
to be attained by June 30, 2022.
Implementation status of the objectives

In accordance with the target set by the Supervisory Board, the Board of Management has one
female member, namely Erica Mann. However, she will leave the company effective March 31,
2018. Erica Mann will be succeeded by Heiko Schipper, meaning that the Board of Management
will not comprise any women for the time being. We will continue to intensively pursue our target
of having one woman on the Board of Management by our deadline of June 30, 2022, or beforehand if at all possible. The goal of adequate representation of different age groups, while also
taking into account the experience required for Board of Management positions, was achieved.
The ages of the members of the Board of Management were relatively evenly spread across a
range of 49 to 61 years as of December 31, 2017. Four of the seven members of the Board of
Management are citizens of a country other than Germany. All members of the Board of Management have amassed many years of career experience outside Germany. The members of the
Board of Management also have diverse educational and professional backgrounds: Some have
completed various business-related courses of study or training, while others have studied in
various scientific fields including medicine.

In the future, there
should continue to be at
least one woman on the
Board of Management.

184

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

4.1 Declaration by Corporate Management pursuant to Section 289f and Section 315d of the German Commercial Code
Augmented Version

Procedure and committees
Members of the Board
of Management and
offices they hold: see C
Governance Bodies

Compensation of the
members of the Board of
Management: see A 4.4

The Board of Management performs its tasks according to the law, the Articles of Incorporation
and the Board’s rules of procedure, and works with the company’s other governance bodies in a
spirit of trust.
Online Annex: A 4.1-1

The Board of Management of Bayer AG defines the long-term goals and the strategies for the
company and the Group and sets forth the principles and directives for the resulting corporate
policies. It coordinates and monitors the most important activities, defines the portfolio, develops and deploys managerial staff, allocates resources and decides on the Group’s financial
steering and reporting.
The members of the Board of Management bear joint responsibility for running the business as
a whole. However, the individual members manage the areas assigned to them on their own responsibility within the framework of the decisions made by the full Board. The allocation of
functions among the members of the Board of Management is defined in a written schedule.
The full Board of Management makes decisions on all matters of fundamental importance and
in cases where a decision of the full Board is prescribed by law or otherwise mandatory. The
rules of procedure of the Board of Management contain a list of topics that must be dealt with
and resolved by the full Board.
Meetings of the Board of Management are held regularly. They are convened by the Chairman
of the Board of Management. Any member of the Board of Management may also demand that
a meeting be convened. The Board of Management makes decisions by a simple majority of
the votes cast, except where unanimity is required by law. In the event of a tie, the Chairman
has the casting vote.
According to the Board of Management’s rules of procedure and the functional responsibilities
assigned to its members, the Chairman bears particular responsibility for leading and coordinating the Board’s work. He represents the company and the Group in dealings with third parties and the workforce on matters relating to more than one part of the company or the Group.
He also bears special responsibility for certain functions.
In addition to the function of Board Chairman, there are three functions with special responsibility for the operating divisions and three further functions: Finance; Human Resources, Technology and Sustainability (the incumbent also serving as Labor Director); and Innovation.
A Deal Committee was established within the Board of Management that makes final decisions
with regard to acquisitions and divestitures and license transactions of a defined, medium size.
There are no other committees within the Board of Management.
Supervisory Board
Composition and objectives (diversity concept and expertise profile)

Members of the Supervisory Board and offices
they hold: see C Further
Information / Governance
Bodies

Compensation of the
members of the Supervisory Board: see A 4.3

Under the German Codetermination Act, half of the Supervisory Board’s 20 members are elected
by the stockholders, and half by the company’s employees.
The Supervisory Board endeavors to ensure that its members together possess the necessary
expertise, skills and professional experience to properly perform their duties. It strives particularly
to ensure that the members of the Supervisory Board possess expertise, skills and professional
experience in the following areas: management and leadership of international companies, a business understanding with regard to the company’s main areas of activity, research and development, finance, controlling / risk management, human resources and governance / compliance.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
4.1 Declaration by Corporate Management pursuant to Section 289f and Section 315d of the German Commercial Code
Augmented Version

The Supervisory Board has also resolved to pursue diversity in its composition, for instance with
regard to age, gender, education and professional background. With respect to the international
business alignment of Bayer AG, the Supervisory Board strives to ensure at all times that several
of its members have international business experience or an international background in other
respects. Further objectives concerning the composition of the Supervisory Board are that different age groups be suitably represented on the Supervisory Board and that, absent special circumstances, a member should not hold office beyond the end of the next Annual Stockholders’
Meeting following his or her 72nd birthday. With a view to avoiding potential conflicts of interest
and taking into account the ownership structure of the company and the number of independent
Supervisory Board members, the Supervisory Board has set itself the goal that more than half of
the stockholder representatives be independent. In addition, the Supervisory Board aims for at
least three quarters of its total membership (stockholder and employee representatives) to be
independent. The Supervisory Board assesses the independence of its members according to the
recommendation contained in Section 5.4.2 of the German Corporate Governance Code. In assessing independence, the Supervisory Board also considers the criteria given in the recommendation of the European Commission of February 15, 20051. Finally, the Supervisory Board has set
a standard limit on the duration of any person’s membership of the Supervisory Board in line with
the recommendation in Section 5.4.1, Paragraph 2 of the Code. Absent special circumstances,
no person should remain a member of the Supervisory Board for more than three full terms of
office. For members of the Supervisory Board serving at the time the standard limit was introduced (September 2015) who have already exceeded this limit or will exceed it by the end of their
current term of office, the limit will be applied with effect from the conclusion of their current
term of office.
The stated objectives refer to the Supervisory Board as a whole unless otherwise determined.
However, since the Supervisory Board can only nominate candidates for election as stockholder
representatives, it can only take the objectives into account in these nominations. An objective for
Supervisory Board elections is that neither women nor men account for less than 30% of the
membership.
The Supervisory Board aims to achieve a balanced and diverse composition, to the extent that
it can influence this. The aim is to ensure that as many different perspectives as possible are
represented in the leadership of the company and that the candidate selection pool is as large
as possible.
Implementation status of the objectives

The Supervisory Board has several members with international business experience or an international background. The ages of the members of the Supervisory Board were relatively evenly
spread across a range of 47 to 71 years as of December 31, 2017. The objective that a member
should step down from the Supervisory Board at the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting following his
or her 72nd birthday – absent special circumstances – is being met. Two members of the Supervisory Board were previously members of the company’s Board of Management: Werner Wenning
was Chairman of the Board of Management until 2010, and Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Plischke was a
member of the Board of Management until 2014. One member of the Supervisory Board, Dr. Paul
Achleitner, has been a member of the Supervisory Board for more than three terms of office. However, neither Werner Wenning nor Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Plischke nor Dr. Paul Achleitner has any personal or business relationship with the company or a governance body of the company that in the
opinion of the Supervisory Board gives rise to a material conflict of interest of a more than temporary nature.

1

Annex 2 to the recommendation of the European Commission of February 15, 2005, on the role of nonexecutive or supervisory
directors of listed companies and on the committees of the (supervisory) board (2005/162/EC)

185

186

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

4.1 Declaration by Corporate Management pursuant to Section 289f and Section 315d of the German Commercial Code
Augmented Version

There are no indications of any possible lack of independence in the case of the other Supervisory
Board members. Thus the Supervisory Board considers all of its members to be independent. The
proportion of women on the Supervisory Board is currently 30% for the full Supervisory Board and
30% for both the employee and the stockholder representatives. Four members of the Supervisory
Board are citizens of a country other than Germany. Numerous other members have many years
of international business experience. The members of the Supervisory Board have also completed
various different vocational training and study courses.
Procedure and committees

The role of the Supervisory Board is to oversee and advise the Board of Management. The Supervisory Board is directly involved in decisions on matters of fundamental importance to the company, regularly conferring with the Board of Management on the company’s strategic alignment and
the implementation status of the business strategy. The Report of the Supervisory Board in this
Annual Report provides details about the work of the Supervisory Board and its committees.
Online Annex: A 4.1-2

The Chairman of the Supervisory Board coordinates its work and presides over the meetings.
Through regular discussions with the Board of Management, the Supervisory Board is kept
constantly informed of business policy, corporate planning and strategy. The Supervisory Board
approves the annual budget and financial framework. It also approves the financial statements
of Bayer AG and the consolidated financial statements of the Bayer Group along with the combined management report, including the nonfinancial statement, while also taking into account
the reports by the auditor.
The Supervisory Board has the following committees:
Presidial Committee: This comprises the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Supervisory

Board along with a further stockholder representative and a further employee representative.
The Presidial Committee serves primarily as the mediation committee pursuant to the German
Codetermination Act. It has the task of submitting proposals to the Supervisory Board on the
appointment of members of the Board of Management if the necessary two-thirds majority is
not achieved in the first vote at a plenary meeting. Certain decision-making powers in connection with capital measures, including the power to amend the Articles of Incorporation accordingly, have also been delegated to this committee. On a case-by-case basis, furthermore, the
Supervisory Board can delegate certain responsibilities to the Presidial Committee. Finally, the
Presidial Committee may also undertake preparatory work for full meetings of the Supervisory
Board.
Audit Committee: The Audit Committee comprises three stockholder representatives and three

employee representatives. The Chairman of the Audit Committee in 2017, Dr. Klaus Sturany,
satisfies the statutory requirements concerning the expertise in the field of accounting or auditing that a member of the Supervisory Board and the Audit Committee is required to possess.
The Audit Committee meets regularly four times a year. Its tasks include in particular oversight
of financial reporting, the financial reporting process, the effectiveness and ongoing development of the internal control system, the risk management system, the internal audit system, the
compliance system and the audit of the financial statements. The Audit Committee prepares
the resolutions of the Supervisory Board concerning the financial statements and management
report of Bayer AG and the proposal for the use of the distributable profit, as well as resolutions
concerning the consolidated financial statements and management report of the Bayer Group
and the agreements with the auditor (particularly the awarding of the audit contract, the determination of the main areas of focus for the audit and the audit fee agreement). The committee
submits a reasoned proposal to the full Supervisory Board concerning the auditor’s appointment that contains at least two candidates in the tender process, and takes appropriate
measures to determine and monitor the auditor’s independence. It is also responsible for approving all services performed by the auditor in addition to the audit of the financial statements.
The audit focuses particularly on whether the financial statements have been prepared in com-

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

187

4.2 Compliance
Augmented Version

pliance with the statutory requirements and whether the financial reporting provides a true and
fair view of the financial position and results of operations of the company and the Group. The
Audit Committee discusses developments in the area of corporate compliance at each of its
meetings. The Chairman of the Board of Management and the Chief Financial Officer regularly
attended the meetings of the Audit Committee. Representatives of the auditor were also present at all the meetings and reported in detail on the audit work and the audit reviews of the interim financial reports.
Human Resources Committee: On this committee, too, there is parity of representation between stockholders and employees. It consists of the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and
three other Supervisory Board members. The Human Resources Committee prepares the personnel decisions of the full Supervisory Board, which resolves on appointments or dismissals of
members of the Board of Management. The Human Resources Committee resolves on behalf
of the Supervisory Board on the service contracts of the members of the Board of Management. However, it is the task of the full Supervisory Board to resolve on the total compensation
of the individual members of the Board of Management and the respective compensation components, as well as to regularly review the compensation system on the basis of recommendations submitted by the Human Resources Committee. The Human Resources Committee also
discusses the long-term succession planning for the Board of Management.
Nominations Committee: This committee carries out preparatory work when an election of
stockholder representatives to the Supervisory Board is to be held. It suggests suitable candidates for the Supervisory Board to propose to the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting for election.
The Nominations Committee comprises the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and the other
stockholder representative on the Presidial Committee.
Innovation Committee: The Innovation Committee is primarily concerned with the innovation
strategy and innovation management, the strategy for the protection of intellectual property, and
major research and development programs at Bayer. Within its area of responsibility, the committee advises and oversees the management and prepares any Supervisory Board decisions. The
Committee comprises the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and seven other members of the
Supervisory Board, with parity of representation between stockholder and employee representatives. The Chairman of the Board of Management and the member of the Board of Management
responsible for Innovation regularly attend the meetings of the Innovation Committee.

Further information
Securities transactions by members of governance bodies

Members of the Board of Management or Supervisory Board and persons with whom they have
close relationships are legally obligated to report own-account transactions in shares or debt securities of Bayer AG, associated derivatives or other associated financial instruments to Bayer AG
and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) as soon as the total volume of
transactions made by a member of the Board of Management or Supervisory Board, or a person
with whom he or she has a close relationship, within a calendar year has reached the €5,000
threshold. The transactions reported to Bayer AG in 2017 were duly published and can be viewed
on the company’s website.

www.bayer.com/en/
disclosure-of-securitiestransactions.aspx

4.2 Compliance
Bayer manages its businesses responsibly and in compliance with the statutory requirements
and regulations of the countries in which it operates. We define compliance as legally and ethically
impeccable conduct by all employees in their daily work, because the way they carry out their
duties affects our company’s reputation. We do not tolerate any violation of laws, codes of conduct or internal regulations. Compliance is essential for our long-term economic success.

www.bayer.com/
compliance

188

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

4.2 Compliance
Augmented Version

The Board of Management is unreservedly committed to compliance, and Bayer will forego any
business transaction that would violate the compliance principles in force throughout the Bayer
Group.
The global compliance management system is steered by a central compliance organization within
the Bayer Group. This organization is headed by the Group Compliance Officer, who reports directly to the Chairman of the Board of Management and to the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board on matters of this nature. The compliance organization is staffed with specialized compliance managers who are responsible for the corporate functions and for establishing businessand industry-specific standards in the divisions, business units and service companies.
Through our compliance management system, we aim to ensure lawful and responsible behavior
by our employees. Potential compliance risks are identified together with the operational units to
achieve systematic and preventive risk detection and assessment. Risks are identified not just by
the global functions (top-down), but also by the Bayer country organizations (bottom-up). Compiled findings about risks are entered into a global statistical database for compliance risk management that we use to develop suitable measures for specific processes, business activities or
countries, for example. We assess our business partners to the same extent with regard to potential compliance risks.
Corporate Compliance Policy
Our compliance principles apply throughout the Bayer Group and are established in our Corporate
Compliance Policy. Here we commit to uphold ten principles, particularly in antitrust and anticorruption matters.
Online Annex: A 4.2-1

> Antitrust: fair competition in our markets
> Anticorruption: integrity in our business dealings at all times
> Corporate responsibility: sustainability, safety and product stewardship
> Foreign trade law: observance of relevant trade controls
> Insider trading: safeguarding of equal opportunity in securities trading
> Accurate books and records: complete and detailed recording of our business activities and

financial transactions
> Fairness and respect at work: treating one another with fairness and respect
> Intellectual property: safeguarding our own intellectual property and respecting that of others
> Avoiding conflicts of interest: separation of business and personal interests
> Privacy: precautions to protect and secure personal data

All employees are required to observe these principles and to immediately report any violation of
the Corporate Compliance Policy. This general reporting requirement does not apply in France due
to peculiarities of national law. Bayer’s senior managers serve as role models and therefore have a
vital part to play in implementing the compliance principles. They may lose their entitlement to
variable compensation components and be subject to further disciplinary measures if violations of
applicable law or internal regulations have occurred in their sphere of responsibility. Compliant and
lawful conduct also factors into the performance evaluations of all managerial employees.

Corruption Perceptions
Index: see Glossary

Adherence to the corporate compliance principles is among the subjects covered in audits conducted by Bayer’s Internal Audit. The planning of these audits follows a function- and risk-based
approach that also takes a corruption perceptions index into account. The largest companies,
which together account for about 80% of Group sales, are generally subjected to audits at threeyear intervals. A total of 191 compliance audits were completed in 2017, of which 22 were preventive or incident-related audits. The head of Internal Audit and the Group Compliance Officer
regularly attend the meetings of the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board, presenting a
summary of conducted audits and key findings at least once a year.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

189

4.2 Compliance
Augmented Version

Compliance training
To create a positive compliance culture in our company, we support all employees in conducting
their professional activities with integrity and avoiding potential violations before they can occur.
Bayer therefore organizes Group-wide training programs tailored to requirements and target
groups, along with extensive communications activities on relevant compliance issues and risks. In
addition, compliance managers are available worldwide to answer questions from all employees
regarding lawful and ethical behavior in business-related situations. Employees can also discuss
such matters with their supervisors, who serve as role models for compliance.
We have set a Group target for nearly all of Bayer’s managerial employees worldwide to complete
at least one compliance training program each year. In 2017, 35,159 employees, or around
96.6%, completed such a program.
Online Annex: A 4.2-2

The aim of these targeted training programs is to ensure that employees do not overstep
boundaries out of ignorance or uncertainty. Our compliance training programs reflect the main
compliance risk areas and are available in various formats to meet the training needs of different employee groups. Some take the form of web-based training (WBT) programs, while others
involve face-to-face training sessions or workshops.
In 2017, we implemented a new global web-based training program in 67 countries on the subject of data privacy. This program, currently available in ten languages, has already been completed by 57,613 employees as at December 31, 2017.
New hires and employees switching to different areas of responsibility within Bayer undergo
training according to their functions.
Handling of suspected and actual compliance violations
Suspected compliance violations can be reported – anonymously if desired and if permitted by
respective national law – via a central compliance hotline that has been set up worldwide. It is also
accessible to the general public. In 2017, the compliance organization received a total of 245
reports in this way (including 157 anonymous reports), with six reports coming from Germany and
239 from other countries. Alternatively, suspected compliance violations may also be reported to
the respective compliance functions in Germany or the country organizations, or to Internal Audit.
Compliance violations at Bayer are systematically sanctioned. The action taken in each case depends on factors including the gravity of the compliance violation and applicable law. All cases are
recorded according to uniform criteria throughout the Group and dealt with under the rules set
forth in Bayer’s Corporate Policy “Management of Compliance Incidents.”
Online Annex: A 4.2-3

Where an investigation confirms that a compliance violation has occurred, the company has a
graduated set of measures at its disposal. These include a verbal warning or written reprimand,
transfer to a different unit, cancellation of a planned promotion, a reduction in the short-term
incentive payment, downgrading to a lower collectively agreed pay rate or managerial contract
level, and ordinary or extraordinary termination. Bayer also reserves the right to assert further
claims against the employee for cost reimbursement or damages and / or initiate criminal proceedings.

Group target: annual
compliance training for
virtually 100% of Bayer
managers

190

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

4.3 Disclosures pursuant to Section 289b through e and Section 315b and c of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
Augmented Version

Lobbying

As part of our commitment to tackle corruption, our Corporate Policy “Code of Conduct for Responsible Lobbying” sets out binding rules for our involvement in political matters and creates
transparency in our collaboration with the representatives of political institutions. We also proactively participate in existing transparency initiatives such as those established by the European
institutions or the U.S. Congress.
As set out in our corporate policy on responsible lobbying, we did not make any direct donations
to political parties, politicians or candidates for political office in 2017. Some associations of which
the Group is a member make donations on their own initiative, in compliance with statutory regulations.
Online Annex: A 4.2-4

www.bayer.de/uslobbying-disclosure

www.fec.gov

Our liaison offices in Berlin, Brussels, Washington, Moscow, Brasília and Beijing are key touchpoints between the company and political stakeholders. We publish details of costs, employee
numbers and any of the other statistics required in each country in the transparency registers of
the European institutions and the U.S. Congress. Bayer goes far beyond the statutory requirements in doing so. For instance, the Group also publishes data for countries such as Germany
where there is no legal publication requirement. In 2017, the costs incurred at the liaison offices, including human resources, material and project expenses, totaled approximately €1.35 million in Berlin, Germany; €2.3 million in Brussels, Belgium; €6.97 million in Washington, United
States; €0.28 million in Moscow, Russia; €1.5 million in Brasília, Brazil; and €0.82 million in Beijing, China.
In the United States, where corporate donations are prohibited by law for federal elections and
in many cases also state and local elections, some employees use the Bayer Corporation Political Action Committee (BayPac) to support legislative candidates through private donations.
Political action committees are state-regulated, legally independent employee groups. The private donations made by BayPac are regularly reported to the U.S. Federal Election Commission
and can be viewed on its website.

4.3 Disclosures pursuant to Section 289b through e
and Section 315b and c of the German
Commercial Code (HGB)
The index to the
nonfinancial statement
can be found in A 4.6

The Bayer Group meets the requirements for the nonfinancial statement pursuant to Section 289b
through e and Section 315b and c of the German Commercial Code (HGB). The relevant disclosures pertaining to the nonfinancial statement in accordance with the Corporate Social Responsibility Directive Implementation Act (CSR-RUG) are integrated into the management report.
The Supervisory Board fulfilled its auditing duty for the nonfinancial statement pursuant to Section
170, Paragraph 1 and Section 171, Paragraph 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG).

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
4.4 Compensation Report ///// 4.4.1 Compensation of the Board of Management
Augmented Version

4.4 Compensation Report
The Compensation Report describes the essential features of the compensation packages for the
members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG and explains the
compensation the individual members were granted or received for the 2017 fiscal year. The report complies with the requirements of the applicable financial reporting standards for publicly
traded companies (German Commercial Code [HGB], German Accounting Standards [DRS] and
the International Financial Reporting Standard [IFRS]) as well as with the recommendations contained in the current version of the German Corporate Governance Code.

4.4.1 Compensation of the Board of Management
Objective
The compensation system for the Board of Management of Bayer AG applies in the version approved by a large majority at the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting on April 29, 2016.
The Bayer Group’s compensation system is aligned to the corporate strategy and geared toward
performance-driven, sustainable corporate governance and an appropriate compensation structure and level. The nature and appropriateness of the compensation system for the members of
the Board of Management are determined by the full Supervisory Board on the proposal of the
Human Resources Committee of the Supervisory Board, regularly reviewed and adjusted as necessary. All of the assessment criteria recommended in Section 4.2.2 of the German Corporate
Governance Code are taken into account. An independent compensation consultant has confirmed that the compensation is appropriate and on a customary level. The compensation structure in the Bayer Group is, in principle, the same for the Board of Management as for all other
managerial employees.

Transparent compensation structure
The compensation paid to members of the Board of Management of Bayer AG comprises a nonperformance-related component of about 30% and a performance-related variable component of
about 70%. The compensation components under the system are as follows, assuming 100%
target attainment by a member of the Board of Management.
A 4.4.1/1

Compensation Structure Based on 100% Target Attainment

Non-performance-related
compensation
~ 30%

Fixed annual compensation 1

Performance-related compensation
~ 40% Long-term stock-based
cash compensation via Aspire 2.0

~ 30% Short-term annual variable
cash compensation

1 Excluding fringe benefits and pension entitlements

The non-performance-related compensation component comprises the fixed annual compensation along with fringe benefits. The variable performance-related compensation components comprise a variable annual cash payment (STI = short-term incentive) based on target attainment,
which is paid out in cash in the following year, and a long-term variable cash payment (LTI = longterm incentive). The system for the LTI program is based on stockholder return. The individual
performance-related components are capped upon payment. There is also a cap on the total cash
compensation. This amounts to 1.8 times the respective target compensation and is determined
annually when the fixed compensation is set.

191

192

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

4.4 Compensation Report ///// 4.4.1 Compensation of the Board of Management
Augmented Version

The members of the Board of Management also receive pension entitlements for themselves and
their surviving dependents.
Non-performance-related components
Fixed annual compensation

The level of the non-performance-related, fixed annual compensation takes into account the functions and responsibilities assigned to the members of the Board of Management as well as market
conditions. The fixed annual compensation is regularly reviewed by the Supervisory Board in light
of the consumer price index and adjusted if necessary. It is paid out in twelve monthly installments.
Fringe benefits

This component mainly includes perquisites such as a company car with driver or the use of the
company carpool, payments toward the cost of security equipment, and the reimbursement of the
cost of annual health screening examinations. Fringe benefits are reported at cost or the amount
of the pecuniary advantage gained.
Performance-related components
Short-term variable cash compensation

The short-term variable cash compensation (STI) depends on the company’s business success in
the respective year. The level of the STI is determined by the target attainment for three subcomponents – the Group component, the divisional component and the individual performance component – each of which is given a one-third weighting in the performance evaluation. The performance evaluation takes into account both positive and negative developments.
> The Group component is based on the core earnings per share of the Group and is capped at

200%.
> The divisional component is incentivized based on the weighted average performance of the

three divisions and is capped at 300%. For the members of the Board of Management with
functional responsibility, this component is based on the average performance of the divisions,
weighted as follows: Pharmaceuticals 50%, Consumer Health 20%, Crop Science (including
Animal Health) 30%. For the Board members with divisional responsibility, however, this onethird of the STI is incentivized entirely on the basis of the respective division’s earnings. The
assessment of divisional performance comprises a 70% component linked to the attainment of
financial targets in relation to the EBITDA margin before special items and divisional sales
growth, and a 30% component based on the attainment of qualitative goals in areas such as
innovative progress, safety, compliance and sustainability.
> The target attainment criteria for the individual performance component are based on the duties
and resulting personal targets of the respective member of the Board of Management, as well
as on his or her individual contribution to the attainment of the Group targets. The individual
targets for the members of the Board of Management are determined annually by the
Supervisory Board, which also assesses their attainment.
The entire amount of the STI is paid out in cash in the second quarter of the following year and is
capped at 200%.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

193

4.4 Compensation Report ///// 4.4.1 Compensation of the Board of Management
Augmented Version

A 4.4.1/2

Short-Term Variable Cash Compensation Components (STI)
STI

Group component

Divisional component

Individual component

1/3 of STI target value

1/3 of STI target value

1/3 of STI target value

Based on Group target
attainment (core earnings per
share)

Based on the attainment of
financial (70%) and qualitative
(30%) targets by the divisions

Based on individual
performance and individual
contribution to Group target
attainment

Board members with functional responsibility
Average performance of the Pharmaceuticals
(50%), Consumer Health (20%) and Crop
Science (30%) divisions

Board members with divisional responsibility
Performance of the respective division (100%)

Long-term stock-based cash compensation (LTI)

Members of the Board of Management are eligible to participate in the annual tranches of the
long-term stock-based compensation program “Aspire” on condition that they purchase a certain
number of Bayer shares – determined for each individual according to specific guidelines – as a
personal investment and hold them for as long as they continue in the service of the Bayer Group.
The target amounts for the Aspire 2.0 tranches issued since 2016 are generally based on a contractually agreed target percentage of the fixed annual compensation. The starting value is also
partly determined by the individual STI payment factor for the Board member concerned for the
year prior to the issuance of the respective tranche. The cash payment amounts are determined
after four years based on the average share price calculated over the last 30 trading days of the
fiscal year, the performance of Bayer stock relative to the EURO STOXX 50 and the dividends
paid in the meantime (total stockholder return approach). As with the other management levels,
the cap for Aspire 2.0 is 250%. For the Board of Management, however, an additional performance measure has been included in the LTI program in the form of the comparison with the
EURO STOXX 50 mentioned above. This increases or decreases the payout by the percentage of
overperformance or underperformance, respectively.
The payments made under the tranches of the Aspire program issued in the years up to 2015
continue to be based until their expiration on the Aspire Target Opportunity, which is a contractually agreed percentage of fixed annual compensation. Depending on the performance of Bayer
stock, both in absolute terms and relative to the EURO STOXX 50 benchmark index, participants
are granted an award of between 0% and a maximum 300% of their individual Aspire Target
Opportunity at the end of the respective performance periods.

The payout / performance matrix according
to the absolute and
relative development of
Bayer’s share price is
explained at
www.investor.bayer.com
/en/stock/stockprograms/aspire/.

194

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

4.4 Compensation Report ///// 4.4.1 Compensation of the Board of Management
Augmented Version

A 4.4.1/3

Tranches of the Aspire Program
2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2013 – 2016
2014 – 2017

Aspire 1.0 tranches
up to Dec. 31, 2015

2015 – 2018
2016 – 2019

Aspire 2.0 tranches
from Jan. 1, 2016

2017 – 2020
Performance periods of the respective tranches

If a member of the Board of Management enters retirement during the year or steps down from
the Board of Management during the year due to the nonextension of his or her service contract
by mutual agreement or by the company’s decision, the Aspire tranche granted for that year is
reduced on a prorated basis according to the duration of the member’s active service on the
Board of Management during this first year of the tranche. In this case, tranches granted for previous years remain in effect without any changes.
Share ownership guidelines

As a condition for receiving payments under the LTI program, members of the Board of Management must meet certain requirements regarding their personal investment in Bayer stock. As of
2016, they have been required to build a position in Bayer shares to the value of 75% of their fixed
annual compensation within four years and hold these shares until the end of their service on the
Board of Management. The Board of Management members must provide documentary evidence
of their compliance with this obligation, first at the end of the four-year position-building period
and then yearly thereafter. In the event of significant changes in fixed annual compensation, the
value to which shares must be held is adjusted accordingly.
Pension entitlements (retirement and surviving dependents’ pensions)

The annual pension entitlement for members of the Board of Management is based on contributions. Each year Bayer provides a hypothetical contribution amounting to 42% of the respective
fixed annual compensation. This percentage is comprised of a basic contribution of 6% and a
matching contribution of 36%, which is four times the member’s personal contribution of 9%. The
total annual contribution is converted into a pension module according to the annuity table for the
applicable tariff of the Rheinische Pensionskasse VVaG pension fund. The annual pension entitlement upon retirement is the total amount of the accumulated pension modules including an investment bonus. The investment bonus is determined annually based on the net return on the
assets of the Rheinische Pensionskasse VVaG minus the minimum return on the contributions that
is guaranteed under the tariff and approved by the German Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin).
Future pension payments are annually reviewed and adjusted to take into account the development of consumer prices.
In addition, special individual arrangements exist for the following members of the Board of Management:
> Werner Baumann has been granted a vested entitlement to an annual pension of €200 thou-

sand starting on his 60th birthday. This is subject to a prorated reduction in the event that his
term of office ends prior to his 60th birthday under certain conditions.
> Dr. Marijn Dekkers had the option to receive either a lifelong monthly annuity or a capital sum.
After leaving the Bayer Group, he opted for the payment of a monthly annuity.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
4.4 Compensation Report ///// 4.4.1 Compensation of the Board of Management
Augmented Version

> Kemal Malik has been granted a vested entitlement to an annual pension of €80 thousand

starting on his 65th birthday. This is subject to a prorated reduction in the event that his term of
office ends prior to his 65th birthday under certain conditions.
> Erica Mann participates in pension plans in Germany (30%) and Switzerland (70%) on a
prorated basis in view of her split service contract. As regards the payment of pension benefits
from her two pension plans, Ms. Mann has the option to receive either a lifelong monthly
annuity or a capital sum when her pension benefits fall due.
Certain assets are administered by Bayer Pension Trust e.V. under a contractual trust arrangement
(CTA) to cover pension entitlements resulting from direct commitments in Germany. This provides
substantial additional security – beyond the benefits from the Pension Insurance Association – for
the respective pension entitlements of the members of the Board of Management in Germany.
Benefits upon termination of service on the Board of Management
Post-contractual noncompete agreements

Post-contractual noncompete agreements exist with the members of the Board of Management,
providing for compensatory payments to be made by the company for the two-year duration of
these agreements. The compensatory payment amounts to 100% of the average fixed compensation for the twelve months preceding their departure.
Change of control

Agreements exist with the members of the Board of Management providing for severance indemnity in certain circumstances in the event of a change in control. The amount of any possible
severance indemnity in the case of early termination of service on the Board of Management as a
result of a change in control is limited to the value of three years’ compensation in line with the
recommendation in Section 4.2.3 of the German Corporate Governance Code. Such payments
do not exceed the compensation payable for the remaining term of the service contract.
Unfitness for work

In the event of temporary unfitness for work, members of the Board of Management continue to
receive the contractually agreed compensation. Bayer AG may early terminate the service contract
if the Board member has been continuously unfit for work for at least 18 months and is likely to be
permanently incapable of fully performing his or her duties (permanent incapacity to work). A disability pension is paid in the event of contract termination before the age of 60 due to permanent
incapacity to work. For members of the Board of Management, the amount of the disability pension under the service contract corresponds to the entitlement accrued on the date of contract
termination, taking into account a fictitious period of service between that date and the member’s
55th birthday, where applicable.

Compensation of the Board of Management in 2017
The aggregate compensation for the members of the Board of Management in 2017 totaled
€24,324 thousand (2016: €28,445 thousand), comprising €6,414 thousand (2016: €7,049 thousand) in non-performance-related components and €17,910 thousand (2016: €21,396 thousand)
in performance-related components. The pension service cost amounted to €2,546 thousand
(2016: €2,887 thousand).
As of December 31, 2017, the Board of Management of Bayer AG consisted of seven members.
There were no changes in the membership of the Board of Management in 2017.
Effective April 26, 2018, the Supervisory Board has appointed Wolfgang Nickl as member
of the Board of Management of Bayer AG. He will succeed Johannes Dietsch as Chief Financial
Officer of Bayer AG on June 1, 2018.

195

196

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

4.4 Compensation Report ///// 4.4.1 Compensation of the Board of Management
Augmented Version

Effective March 1, 2018, the Supervisory has appointed Heiko Schipper as a member of the Board
of Management of Bayer AG and, from April 1, 2018, head of the Consumer Health Division, succeeding Erica Mann.
The following table shows the aggregate compensation of the individual members of the Board of
Management who served in 2016 and / or 2017 according to the German Commercial Code:
A 4.4.1/4

Board of Management Compensation (German Commercial Code)

€ thousand

Long-term
stock-based
cash
compensation
(Aspire) 1

Aggregate
compensation

Pension
service cost 2

Fixed annual
compensation

Fringe benefits

Short-term
variable cash
compensation

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

809

Serving members of the
Board of Management
as of December 31, 2017
Werner Baumann (Chairman)

1,285

1,487

47

49

2,329

1,335

1,983

3,530

5,644

6,401

764

Liam Condon

800

806

44

43

1,106

519

1,624

1,677

3,574

3,045

330

320

Johannes Dietsch

750

756

83

42

978

679

1,522

1,483

3,333

2,960

318

305

Dr. Hartmut Klusik

750

756

140

40

1,053

565

1,522

1,597

3,465

2,958

316

305

Kemal Malik

775

781

35

36

1,050

604

1,573

1,591

3,433

3,012

318

310

Erica Mann 3

750

756

182

24

798

378

1,522

1,210

3,252

2,368

219

257

Dieter Weinand

800

806

34

32

1,274

810

1,623

1,932

3,731

3,580

240

240

–

964

–

2,013

–

382

–

4,890 12,333 13,020 28,445 24,324

2,887

2,546

Former member
Dr. Marijn Dekkers 4
Total

475

–

99

–

475

6,385

6,148

664

266

9,063

1

Fair value at grant date; for Dr. Marijn Dekkers, 4/12 of the grant amount for Aspire 2.0 was shown in 2016.
Including company contributions to Bayer-Pensionskasse VVaG, Rheinische Pensionskasse VVaG and to a pension fund outside Germany
3
It has been agreed that Erica Mann will receive a severance payment of €1,978 thousand in view of her leaving the company effective March 31, 2018. This puts
her in the same position as if she had held office until December 31, 2018, and had then retired.
4
Dr. Marijn Dekkers additionally received a severance payment of €4,341 thousand. This puts him in the same position as if he had held office regularly until
December 31, 2016, and had then retired.
2

Fixed annual compensation
The fixed annual compensation of the members of the Board of Management was adjusted in
2017. The total fixed annual compensation of all the members was €6,148 thousand (2016:
€6,385 thousand).
Short-term variable cash compensation
The total short-term variable cash compensation for all the members of the Board of Management
in 2017 totaled €4,890 thousand (2016: €9,063 thousand) after deduction of the solidarity contribution. Provisions of €4,890 thousand (2016: €8,588 thousand) were established for payment of
this compensation component to the members of the Board of Management serving as of December 31, 2017. The solidarity contribution is made by all employees of the companies covered
by the respective agreements with the employee representatives to help safeguard jobs at the
German sites. For 2017 it amounted to 0.25% (2016: 0.27%) of each person’s STI award.
Long-term variable cash compensation based on virtual Bayer shares
This compensation component no longer exists following the adjustment of the compensation
system for the Board of Management effective January 1, 2016. The conversion of 50% of the STI
into virtual Bayer shares took place for the last time in 2015 and was based on an average price
of €119.17. The aggregate compensation for 2017 according to the IFRS includes a change of
€538 thousand (2016: minus €1,275 thousand) in the value of existing entitlements. Provisions of
€6,841 thousand (2016: €7,777 thousand) existed as of December 31, 2017, for the future cash
disbursements to currently serving members of the Board of Management based on the virtual

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

197

4.4 Compensation Report ///// 4.4.1 Compensation of the Board of Management
Augmented Version

Bayer shares granted in previous years. This amount also contains the dividend entitlements attributable to the respective prior years.
Long-term stock-based cash compensation (Aspire)
The long-term stock-based cash compensation under the Aspire program is included in the aggregate compensation according to the German Commercial Code at its fair value of
€13,020 thousand (2016: €12,333 thousand) at the respective grant date.
The aggregate compensation according to the IFRS includes the fair value of the partial entitlement earned in the respective year. Grants of stock-based compensation with a four-year performance period are therefore expensed at their respective fair values over four years starting with
the grant year. The stock-based compensation according to the IFRS also includes the change in
the value of existing entitlements under ongoing Aspire tranches granted in prior years.
A 4.4.1/5

Board of Management Compensation – Aspire Program (IFRS)
Serving members of the Board of Management as of December 31, 2017
Werner
Baumann
(Chairman)

€ thousand

Stock-based
compensation
entitlements
earned in the
respective year 1
Change in value
of existing
entitlements 2
Total

Liam
Condon

Johannes
Dietsch

Dr.
Hartmut
Klusik

Kemal
Malik

Erica
Mann

Dieter
Weinand

Former
member
Dr. Marijn
Dekkers

Total

2017

1,528

871

2,038

819

830

2,049

947

–

9,082

2016

715

506

413

414

431

848

369

1,521

5,217

2017

(120)

(77)

(51)

(42)

(58)

(240)

(53)

–

(641)

2016

(120)

(83)

(57)

(47)

(98)

(165)

(69)

(284)

(923)

2017

1,408

794

1,987

777

772

1,809

894

–

8,441

2016

595

423

356

367

333

683

300

1,237

4,294

1

The newly earned entitlements are derived from the 2014 – 2017 (2016: 2013 – 2016) tranches of the Aspire program because this compensation was or is being
earned over a four-year period. They are stated at their prorated fair values in 2016 and 2017, respectively. Johannes Dietsch and Erica Mann are earning their
entitlements at an accelerated rate until they leave the company on May 31, 2018, and March 31, 2018, respectively. Accordingly, the proportion earned in 2017
is higher than in the prior year. The Aspire entitlements earned in 2016 and 2017 and the value changes for Liam Condon, Johannes Dietsch, Dr. Hartmut Klusik,
Kemal Malik, Erica Mann and Dieter Weinand relate in part to Aspire tranches granted to them before they joined the Board of Management but not yet fully
earned.
2
This line shows the change in the value of the entitlements already earned in 2014, 2015 and 2016 (2016: 2013, 2014 and 2015).

Provisions of €11,747 thousand (2016: €7,288 thousand) were established for the Aspire entitlements of the members of the Board of Management serving as of December 31, 2017. Of this
amount, €6,048 thousand relates to the tranches issued up to 2016 and €5,699 thousand to the
2017 tranche.
Pension entitlements
The pension service cost recognized for the members of the Board of Management in 2017 according to the German Commercial Code was €2,546 thousand (2016: €2,887 thousand), while
the current service cost for pension entitlements recognized according to the IFRS was
€3,907 thousand (2016: €3,902 thousand). The following table shows the service cost and the
settlement or present value of the pension obligations attributable to the individual members of the
Board of Management.

198

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

4.4 Compensation Report ///// 4.4.1 Compensation of the Board of Management
Augmented Version

A 4.4.1/6

Pension Entitlements (German Commercial Code and IFRS)
German Commercial Code

IFRS

Settlement value of
Pension pension obligation
service cost 1 as of December 31 2

Current
Present value
service cost
of defined benefit
for pension pension obligation
entitlements as of December 31

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

Werner Baumann (Chairman)

764

809

7,452

9,044

1,054

1,290

12,429

13,544

Liam Condon

330

320

2,151

2,345

487

563

3,860

4,038

Johannes Dietsch

318

305

2,854

3,951

431

483

4,882

5,919

Dr. Hartmut Klusik

316

305

4,533

5,302

399

435

6,782

7,285

Kemal Malik

318

310

1,990

2,186

438

493

2,507

2,697

Erica Mann

219

257

7,199

7,492

288

275

7,232

7,532

Dieter Weinand

240

240

468

700

322

368

735

988

€ thousand

Serving members of the
Board of Management
as of December 31, 2017

Former member
Dr. Marijn Dekkers 3
Total

382

–

–

–

483

–

–

–

2,887

2,546

26,647

31,020

3,902

3,907

38,427

42,003

1

Including company contribution to Bayer-Pensionskasse VVaG, Rheinische Pensionskasse VVaG and a pension fund outside
Germany
2
The pension obligations of foreign subsidiaries and foreign Bayer pension funds are included at present value according to IFRS.
3
Dr. Marijn Dekkers stepped down from the Board of Management as of midnight on April 30, 2016.

The difference between the pension service cost according to the German Commercial Code and
the service cost for pension entitlements according to the IFRS arises from the difference in the
valuation principles used in calculating the settlement value according to the German Commercial
Code and the present value of the defined benefit pension obligation according to the IFRS.
Benefits upon termination of service on the Board of Management
It was agreed with Erica Mann that she be granted a severance package worth €1,978 thousand
in light of the mutually agreed early termination, effective March 31, 2018, of her service contract,
which originally ran until December 31, 2018. This package primarily comprises severance payments for fixed compensation, short-term variable compensation components, Aspire and payments for pension entitlements, each for the period April 1, 2018, through December 31, 2018.
Erica Mann’s entitlements under the company pension plan and the Aspire program were set at
the levels they would have reached if she had been eligible to participate until December 31,
2018. The severance payment for her fixed compensation and the short-term variable compensation component, together amounting to €1,172 thousand, will be paid in April 2018. The payments
from the Aspire tranches will be made upon expiration of each tranche based on the respective
Aspire program parameters. In addition, a noncompete agreement ending on December 31, 2018,
exists with Erica Mann.
It was agreed with Dr. Marijn Dekkers that he be granted benefits of €4,341 thousand according
to the German Commercial Code and €4,542 thousand according to the IFRS in light of the mutually agreed early termination, effective April 30, 2016, of his service contract, which originally ran
until December 31, 2016. These comprised the fixed compensation, the short-term variable compensation components, Aspire and the pension service cost, each for the period May 1, 2016,
through December 31, 2016. Dr. Dekkers’ entitlements under the company pension plan and the
Aspire program were set at the levels they would have reached if he had been eligible to participate until December 31, 2016. The fixed compensation and the short-term variable compensation
component, together amounting to €1,900 thousand, were paid in May 2016. The payments from
the Aspire tranches will be made upon expiration of each tranche based on the respective Aspire
program parameters.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

199

A Combined Management Report
4.4 Compensation Report ///// 4.4.2 Disclosures Pursuant to the Recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code
Augmented Version

The aggregate Board of Management compensation according to the IFRS is shown in the
following table.
Table A 4.4.1/7

Board of Management Compensation according to IFRS
€ thousand

2016

2017

Fixed annual compensation

6,385

6,148

Fringe benefits
Total short-term non-performance-related compensation

664

266

7,049

6,414

Short-term performance-related cash compensation

9,063

4,890

Total short-term compensation

16,112

11,304

Change in value of existing entitlements to stock-based compensation
(virtual Bayer shares)

(1,275)

538

Stock-based compensation (Aspire) earned in the respective year

5,217

9,082

Change in value of existing entitlements to stock-based compensation (Aspire)

(923)

(641)

Total stock-based compensation (long-term incentive)

3,019

8,979

Service cost for pension entitlements earned in the respective year

3,902

3,907

Total long-term compensation

6,921

12,886

Severance indemnity in connection with the termination of a service contract

4,542

1,978

Aggregate compensation (IFRS)

27,575

26,168

4.4.2 Disclosures Pursuant to the Recommendations of the
German Corporate Governance Code
In accordance with the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code, the
following tables show the compensation – including fringe benefits – granted for 2017, indicating
the target values and the maximum and minimum achievable values for the variable compensation
components, along with the allocation of compensation.
A 4.4.2/1

Compensation and Benefits Granted for 2017 (Part I)
Serving members of the Board of Management as of December 31, 2017
Werner Baumann
(Chairman)

Liam Condon
(Crop Science)

Johannes Dietsch
(Finance)

Joined Jan. 1, 2010

Joined Jan. 1, 2016

Joined Sept. 1, 2014

€ thousand

Target
value
2016

Target
value
2017

Min.
2017

Max. 1
2017

Target
value
2016

Target
value
2017

Min.
2017

Max. 1
2017

Target
value
2016

Target
value
2017

Min.
2017

Max. 1
2017

Fixed annual
compensation

1,285

1,487

1,487

1,487

800

806

806

806

750

756

756

756

Fringe benefits

47

49

49

49

44

43

43

43

83

42

42

42

Total fixed annual
compensation

1,332

1,536

1,536

1,536

844

849

849

849

833

798

798

798

Short-term variable cash
compensation

1,475

1,487

0

2,974

800

806

0

1,613

750

756

0

1,512

Long-term stock-based
compensation
(Aspire)
2016 (Jan. 1, 2016 –
Dec. 31, 2019)

1,983

2017 (Jan. 1, 2017 –
Dec. 31, 2020)
Total
Service cost /
benefit expense
Total compensation

4,790

1,624
3,530

0

8,826

6,553

1,536

13,336

3,268

1,522
1,677

0

4,191

3,332

849

6,653

3,105

1,483

0

3,708

3,037

798

6,018

764

809

809

809

330

320

320

320

318

305

305

305

5,554

7,362

2,345

14,145

3,598

3,652

1,169

6,973

3,423

3,342

1,103

6,323

200

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

4.4 Compensation Report ///// 4.4.2 Disclosures Pursuant to the Recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code
Augmented Version

A 4.4.2/1 (continued)

Compensation and Benefits Granted for 2017 (Part II)
Serving members of the Board of Management as of December 31, 2017
Dr. Hartmut Klusik
(Human Resources, Technology &
Sustainability)
Joined Jan. 1, 2016

€ thousand

Target Target
value
value
2016
2017

Min.
2017

Max. 1
2017

Erica Mann 2
(Consumer Health)

Kemal Malik
(Innovation)
Joined Feb. 1, 2014
Target Target
value
value
2016
2017

Joined Jan. 1, 2016

Min.
2017

Max. 1
2017

Target
value
2016

Target
value
2017

Min.
2017

Max. 1
2017

Fixed annual compensation

750

756

756

756

775

781

781

781

750

756

756

756

Fringe benefits

140

40

40

40

35

36

36

36

182

24

24

24

Total fixed annual
compensation

890

796

796

796

810

817

817

817

932

780

780

780

Short-term variable cash
compensation

750

756

0

1,512

775

781

0

1,562

750

756

0

1,512

Long-term stock-based
compensation
(Aspire)
2016 (Jan. 1, 2016 –
Dec. 31, 2019)

1,522

2017 (Jan. 1, 2017 –
Dec. 31, 2020)
Total
Service cost / benefit expense
Total compensation

3,162

1,573
1,597

0

3,992

3,149

796

6,300

3,158

1,522
1,591

0

3,978

3,189

817

6,357

3,204

1,210

0

3,025

2,746

780

5,317

316

305

305

305

318

310

310

310

219

257

257

257

3,478

3,454

1,101

6,605

3,476

3,499

1,127

6,667

3,423

3,003

1,037

5,574

A 4.4.2/1 (continued)

Compensation and Benefits Granted for 2017 (Part III)
Serving members of the Board of
Management as of December 31, 2017

Former member

Dieter Weinand
(Pharmaceuticals)

Dr. Marijn Dekkers

Joined Jan. 1, 2016

€ thousand

Fixed annual compensation

Target
value
2016

Target
value
2017

Min.
2017

800

806

806

Stepped down April 30, 2016

Max. 1
2017

Target
value
2016

Target
value
2017

Min.
2017

Max. 1
2017

806

475

–

–

–

Fringe benefits

34

32

32

32

99

–

–

–

Total fixed annual compensation

834

838

838

838

574

–

–

–

Short-term variable cash compensation

800

806

0

1,613

475

–

–

–

964

–

–

–

1,932

0

4,829

–

–

–

3,576

838

7,280

2,013

–

–

–

Long-term stock-based compensation
(Aspire)
2016 (Jan. 1, 2016 – Dec. 31, 2019)

1,623

2017 (Jan. 1, 2017 – Dec. 31, 2020)
Total
Service cost / benefit expense
Total compensation
1

2

3,257
240

240

240

240

382

–

–

–

3,497

3,816

1,078

7,520

2,395

–

–

–

The maximum achievable variable compensation shown here does not yet take into account the caps applicable. Payments in a single year are limited to 1.8 times
the target compensation (see A 4.4.1 “Compensation Structure”).
In December 2017, Erica Mann was additionally awarded a severance payment of €1,978 thousand.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report

201

4.4 Compensation Report ///// 4.4.2 Disclosures Pursuant to the Recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code
Augmented Version

A 4.4.2/2

Allocation of Compensation for 2016 and 2017 (Part I)
Serving members of the Board of Management as of December 31, 2017

Werner Baumann
(Chairman)

Liam Condon
(Crop Science)

Johannes Dietsch
(Finance)

Dr. Hartmut Klusik
(Human Resources,
Technology &
Sustainability)

Joined
Jan. 1, 2010

Joined
Jan. 1, 2016

Joined
Sept. 1, 2014

Joined
Jan. 1, 2016

€ thousand

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

Fixed annual compensation

1,285

1,487

800

806

750

756

750

756

47

49

44

43

83

42

140

40

1,332

1,536

844

849

833

798

890

796

Fringe benefits
Total
Short-term variable cash
compensation
for 2016

2,329

for 2017

1,106

978

1,335

519

911

564

959

513

1,053
679

565

Long-term cash compensation
(virtual Bayer shares)
2012 (Jan. 1, 2013 – Dec. 31, 2015)

1,747

2013 (Jan. 1, 2014 – Dec. 31, 2016)
Long-term stock-based cash
compensation (Aspire) 1
2012 (Jan. 1, 2012 – Dec. 31, 2015)

789

301

2013 (Jan. 1, 2013 – Dec. 31, 2016)
Total
Service cost / benefit expense 2
Total compensation

6,197

4,741

1,950

2,445

279
2,112

1,756

312
1,943

1,673

764

809

330

320

318

305

316

305

6,961

5,550

2,280

2,765

2,430

2,061

2,259

1,978

A 4.4.2/2 (continued)

Allocation of Compensation for 2016 and 2017 (Part II)
Serving members of the Board of Management as of December 31, 2017

Former member

Kemal Malik
(Innovation)

Erica Mann
(Consumer Health)

Dieter Weinand
(Pharmaceuticals)

Dr. Marijn Dekkers

Joined
Feb. 1, 2014

Joined
Jan. 1, 2016

Joined
Jan. 1, 2016

Stepped down
April 30, 2016

€ thousand

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

Fixed annual compensation

775

781

750

756

800

806

475

–

Fringe benefits

35

36

182

24

34

32

99

–

Total

810

817

932

780

834

838

574

–

Short-term variable cash
compensation
for 2016

1,050

for 2017

798
604

1,274
378

475
810

–
–

Long-term cash compensation
(virtual Bayer shares)
2012 (Jan. 1, 2013 – Dec. 31, 2015)

3,039

2013 (Jan. 1, 2014 – Dec. 31, 2016)

–
–

Long-term stock-based cash
compensation (Aspire) 1
2012 (Jan. 1, 2012 – Dec. 31, 2015)

364

2013 (Jan. 1, 2013 – Dec. 31, 2016)
Total
Service cost / benefit expense 2
Total compensation
1

303
2,224

1,724

1,495

–

5,583

–

1,596
1,730

2,754

–
2,108

1,648

318

310

219

257

240

240

382

–

2,542

2,034

1,949

3,011

2,348

1,888

5,965

–

The payment to Johannes Dietsch and Kemal Malik from the 2012 Aspire tranche related to vesting periods that in some cases began before they joined the Board
of Management. The tranches were not yet fully vested at the dates on which they joined the Board of Management. The same applies to the payments in 2017
from the 2013 Aspire tranche for Johannes Dietsch, Liam Condon, Dr. Hartmut Klusik, Kemal Malik and Erica Mann.
2
The total service cost is the service cost in accordance with HGB plus contributions to pension funds.

202

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

4.4 Compensation Report ///// 4.4.3 Compensation of the Supervisory Board
Augmented Version

4.4.3 Compensation of the Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board is compensated based on the relevant provisions of the Articles of
Incorporation, which were approved by a large majority at the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting on
April 28, 2017. The compensation of the Supervisory Board was thus increased by 10% with
effect from April 29, 2017.
The members of the Supervisory Board now receive fixed annual compensation of €132 thousand (2016: €120 thousand) plus reimbursement of their expenses.
In accordance with the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code, additional
compensation is paid to the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board and for
chairing and membership of committees. As of April 29, 2017, the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board receives fixed annual compensation of €396 thousand (2016: €360 thousand), the Vice
Chairman €264 thousand (2016: €240 thousand). These amounts also cover membership and
chairmanship of committees. The other members receive additional compensation for committee
membership. The chairman of the Audit Committee receives an additional €132 thousand (2016:
€120 thousand), the other members of the Audit Committee €66 thousand (2016: €60 thousand)
each. The chairmen of the remaining committees receive €66 thousand (2016: €60 thousand)
each, the other members of those committees €33 thousand (2016: €30 thousand) each. As
before, no additional compensation is paid for membership of the Nominations Committee. A
Supervisory Board member who is a member of more than two committees receives compensation only for the two committees with the highest compensation. If changes are made to the
Supervisory Board and / or its committees during the year, members receive compensation on a
prorated basis. As in the past, the members of the Supervisory Board also receive an attendance
fee of €1 thousand each time they personally attend a meeting of the Supervisory Board or a
committee. The attendance fee is limited to €1 thousand per day.
The members of the Supervisory Board have given a voluntary pledge that they will each purchase Bayer shares for 25% of their pretax fixed compensation, including any additional compensation for committee membership, and hold these shares for as long as they remain members of the Supervisory Board. This does not apply to members who are prevented from
purchasing shares due to a service or employment contract with a company or who transfer at
least 85% of their fixed compensation to the Hans Böckler Foundation in accordance with the
rules of the German Trade Union Confederation or whose service or employment contract with a
company requires them to transfer such compensation to that company. If less than 85% of the
fixed compensation is transferred, the voluntary pledge applies to the portion not transferred.
The obligation to purchase Bayer shares was adjusted in 2017 and now only applies for the first
five years of membership of the Supervisory Board; these shares must then be held until membership of the Supervisory Board ceases. Bayer shares acquired prior to 2017 in connection with
the voluntary pledge are taken into account for this purpose. By voluntarily pledging to invest in
and hold Bayer shares, the Supervisory Board members reinforce their interest in the long-term,
sustainable success of the company.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
4.4 Compensation Report ///// 4.4.3 Compensation of the Supervisory Board
Augmented Version

Compensation of the Supervisory Board in 2017
The following table shows the components of each Supervisory Board member’s compensation
for 2017.
A 4.4.3/1

Compensation of the Members of the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG in 2017
Fixed compensation

Attendance fee

Total

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

Dr. Paul Achleitner

180

192

5

5

185

197

Dr. Simone Bagel-Trah

120

128

5

3

125

131

–

92

–

3

–

95

André van Broich

150

170

5

6

155

176

Thomas Ebeling

€ thousand

Members of the Supervisory Board
serving as of December 31, 2017

Dr. Norbert W. Bischofberger 1

120

128

4

4

124

132

Dr. Thomas Elsner 1

–

134

–

7

–

141

Johanna W. (Hanneke) Faber

81

128

2

4

83

132

Colleen A. Goggins 1

–

90

–

3

–

93

Heike Hausfeld 1

–

112

–

4

–

116

Reiner Hoffmann

127

128

5

2

132

130

Frank Löllgen

173

192

8

8

181

200

Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Plischke

162

256

5

8

167

264

Petra Reinbold-Knape

180

192

5

4

185

196

Detlef Rennings 2

–

76

–

3

–

79

Sabine Schaab 3

–

36

–

3

–

39

Michael Schmidt-Kießling

120

128

4

5

124

133

Dr. Klaus Sturany

240

256

9

9

249

265

Werner Wenning (Chairman)

360

384

9

10

369

394

Prof. Dr. Otmar D. Wiestler

150

160

4

6

154

166

Oliver Zühlke (Vice Chairman)

240

256

9

8

249

264

Dr. Clemens Börsig 4

120

39

5

2

125

41

Dr. Thomas Fischer 4

180

58

9

4

189

62

Yüksel Karaaslan 5

150

65

5

2

155

67

Petra Kronen 6

150

105

4

3

154

108

Dr. Helmut Panke 7

59

–

4

–

63

–

Sue H. Rataj 4

120

39

5

2

125

41

Heinz Georg Webers 4

120

39

5

2

125

41

Prof. Dr. Dr. Ernst-Ludwig Winnacker7

59

–

2

–

61

–

3,361

3,583

118

120

3,479

3,703

Members who left the Supervisory
Board in 2016 and 2017

Total
1

Member of the Supervisory Board since April 28, 2017
Member of the Supervisory Board since June 4, 2017
Member of the Supervisory Board since October 1, 2017
4
Member of the Supervisory Board until April 28, 2017
5
Member of the Supervisory Board until June 4, 2017
6
Member of the Supervisory Board until September 30, 2017
7
Member of the Supervisory Board until April 29, 2016
2
3

In addition to their compensation as members of the Supervisory Board, those employee
representatives who are employees of Bayer Group companies receive compensation unrelated to
their service on the Supervisory Board. The total amount of such compensation in 2017 was €767
thousand (2016: €939 thousand).
No compensation was paid or benefits granted to members of the Supervisory Board for personally performed services such as consultancy or agency services. The company has purchased

203

204

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

4.5 Takeover-Relevant Information
Augmented Version

insurance for the members of the Supervisory Board to cover their personal liability arising from
their service on the Supervisory Board.

4.4.4 Further Information
Advances or loans to members of the Board of Management or
Supervisory Board
There were no advances or loans to members of the Board of Management or the Supervisory
Board outstanding as of December 31, 2017, nor at any time during 2017 or 2016.

Pension payments to former members of the Board of Management or
their surviving dependents
We currently pay retired members of the Board of Management a monthly pension equal to a
maximum of 80% of the fixed compensation received immediately prior to retirement. The pensions paid to former members of the Board of Management or their surviving dependents are
reassessed annually and adjusted, taking into account the development of consumer prices. The
pensions paid to former members of the Board of Management or their surviving dependents in
2017 totaled €12,758 thousand (2016: €12,800 thousand). These benefits are paid in addition to
any amounts they receive under previous employee pension arrangements. The present value of
the defined benefit pension obligation for former members of the Board of Management and their
surviving dependents according to the IFRS amounted to €184,479 thousand (2016: €188,850
thousand), while the settlement value of the pension obligation according to the German Commercial Code amounted to €153,388 thousand (2016: €149,948 thousand).

4.5 Takeover-Relevant Information
Explanatory report pursuant to Section 289a, Paragraph 1 and
Section 315a, Paragraph 1 of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
See also
www.bayer.com/
ownership-structure

The capital stock of Bayer AG amounted as of December 31, 2017, to €2,117 million, divided into
826,947,808 no-par registered shares. The capital stock and the number of shares were thus
unchanged from the end of the previous year. Each share confers one voting right. A small number
of shares may be subject to temporary trading restrictions, such as retention periods, in connection with employee stock participation programs. We received no notifications in 2017 of direct or
indirect holdings of shares in Bayer AG that exceed 10% of the capital stock. The company thus is
not in possession of any notifications of holdings that exceed 10% of the capital stock.
The appointment and dismissal of members of the Board of Management are subject to the
provisions of Sections 84 and 85 of the German Stock Corporation Act, Section 31 of the German
Codetermination Act and Section 6 of the company’s Articles of Incorporation. Pursuant to Section 84, Paragraph 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act, the members of the Board of Management are appointed and dismissed by the Supervisory Board. Since Bayer AG falls within the
scope of the German Codetermination Act, the appointment or dismissal of members of the Board
of Management requires a majority of two thirds of the votes of the members of the Supervisory
Board on the first ballot pursuant to Section 31, Paragraph 2 of that act. If no such majority is
achieved, the appointment is resolved pursuant to Section 31, Paragraph 3 of the Codetermination Act on a second ballot by a simple majority of the votes of the members of the Supervisory
Board. If the required majority still is not achieved, a third ballot is held. Here again, a simple majority of the votes suffices, but in this ballot the Chairman of the Supervisory Board has two votes
pursuant to Section 31, Paragraph 4 of the Codetermination Act. Under Section 6, Paragraph 1 of
the Articles of Incorporation of Bayer AG, the number of members of the Board of Management is
determined by the Supervisory Board but must be at least two. The Supervisory Board may appoint one member of the Board of Management to be the Chairman of the Board of Management
pursuant to Section 84, Paragraph 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act and Section 6, Paragraph 1 of the Articles of Incorporation.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
4.5 Takeover-Relevant Information
Augmented Version

Any amendments to the Articles of Incorporation are made pursuant to Section 179 of the German
Stock Corporation Act and Sections 10 and 17 of the Articles of Incorporation. Under Section 179, Paragraph 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act, amendments to the Articles of Incorporation require a resolution of the Stockholders’ Meeting. Pursuant to Section 179, Paragraph 2
of the German Stock Corporation Act, this resolution must be passed by a majority of three quarters of the voting capital represented at the meeting, unless the Articles of Incorporation provide
for a different majority. However, where an amendment relates to a change in the object of the
company, the Articles of Incorporation may only specify a larger majority. Section 17, Paragraph 2
of the Articles of Incorporation of Bayer AG utilizes the scope for deviation pursuant to Section 179, Paragraph 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act and provides that resolutions may be
passed by a simple majority of the votes cast or, where a capital majority is required, by a simple
majority of the capital represented. Pursuant to Section 10, Paragraph 9 of the Articles of Incorporation, the Supervisory Board may resolve on amendments to the Articles of Incorporation that
relate solely to their wording.
Provisions of the Articles of Incorporation concerning Authorized Capital I and Authorized Capital II
are entered in the commercial register of Bayer AG. With the approval of the Supervisory Board
and until April 28, 2019, the Board of Management may use the Authorized Capital I to increase
the capital stock by up to a total of €530 million. New shares may be issued against cash contributions and / or contributions in kind, but capital increases against contributions in kind may not
exceed a total of €423 million. If the Authorized Capital I is used to issue shares in return for cash
contributions, stockholders must normally be granted subscription rights. The Board of Management may only exclude stockholders’ subscription rights to a volume of shares issued out of the
Authorized Capital I that did not represent more than 20% of the existing capital stock at the time
the respective resolution was adopted by the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting on April 29, 2014.
Absent a further resolution on the exclusion of stockholders’ subscription rights, the Board of
Management also may only exclude stockholders’ subscription rights to a volume of shares issued
under other authorizations regarding capital measures (Authorized Capital II, bonds with warrants
or convertible notes, purchase and disposal of own shares) that did not represent more than 20%
of the existing capital stock at the time the respective resolution was adopted by the Annual
Stockholders’ Meeting on April 29, 2014.
With the approval of the Supervisory Board and until April 28, 2019, the Board of Management is
authorized to increase the capital stock by up to €212 million in one or more installments by issuing shares out of the Authorized Capital II against cash contributions. The stockholders must normally be granted subscription rights. However, the Board of Management is authorized, with the
approval of the Supervisory Board, to exclude subscription rights for stockholders provided the
volume of shares issued out of the Authorized Capital II against cash contributions does not exceed 10% of the capital stock existing at the time this authorization is registered or at the time the
new shares are issued and the issue price of the new shares is not significantly below the market
price of the already listed shares.
Conditional capital of €212 million exists in connection with an authorization – valid through April
28, 2019 – to issue bonds with warrants or convertible notes, profit-sharing rights or profit participation bonds (collectively referred to as “bonds”) with a total face value of €6 billion, €4 billion of
which has already been used for mandatory convertible notes. The Board of Management may,
with the consent of the Supervisory Board and under certain conditions, exclude the bond subscription rights that would otherwise be granted to stockholders. One of the conditions is that the
total volume of shares required to service the bonds exceed neither 10% of the capital stock that
existed at the time the respective resolution was adopted by the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting on
April 29, 2014, nor 10% of the capital stock existing at the time this authorization is exercised.
Any other shares issued without granting subscription rights to the stockholders in direct or analogous application of Section 186, Paragraph 3, Sentence 4 of the German Stock Corporation Act
shall be credited against this 10% limit.

205

206

A Combined Management Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

4.5 Takeover-Relevant Information
Augmented Version

Further, by resolution of the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting on April 29, 2014, the Board of Management is authorized to purchase and dispose of own shares representing up to 10% of the
capital stock existing at the time the resolution was adopted. The authorization to purchase own
shares also includes the purchase of own shares using put or call options (derivatives) up to a
volume of 5% of the capital stock existing at the time the resolution was adopted or at the time
the authorization is exercised. This authorization also expires on April 28, 2019.
A material agreement that is subject to the condition precedent of a change of control pertains to
the undrawn €3.5 billion syndicated credit facility arranged by Bayer AG and its U.S. subsidiary
Bayer Corporation. This facility is available until December 2020. The participating banks are entitled to terminate the credit facility in the event of a change of control at Bayer and demand repayment of any loans that may have been granted under this facility up to that time.
A similar clause is also contained in the agreement on a syndicated credit facility in the original
amount of US$56.9 billion granted to Bayer US Finance II LLC and Bayer AG in September 2016.
This facility, which remained undrawn as of December 31, 2017, serves to finance the planned
acquisition of Monsanto. Pursuant to the agreement, it was reduced in 2016 by the US$4.2 billion
net proceeds from the issuance of mandatory convertible notes, to US$52.7 billion, and in June
2017 by the US$1.2 billion net proceeds from the issuance of an exchangeable bond, to
US$51.5 billion. The mandatory convertible notes were issued by Bayer Capital Corporation B.V.,
guaranteed by Bayer AG and mature in November 2019. The terms on which holders may convert
the notes into shares before the maturity date are more favorable in the event of a change of control than they would be otherwise. The exchangeable bond was issued by Bayer AG and matures
in 2020, and Bayer AG can flexibly exchange bonds for cash, Covestro AG shares or a combination of the two. Holders of these notes have the right to demand the redemption of unexchanged
notes by Bayer AG in the event of a change of control if Bayer AG’s credit rating is downgraded
within 120 days after such change of control becomes effective.
The terms of the nominal €2.0 billion (as of December 31, 2017) in notes issued by Bayer in the
years 2006 to 2017 under its existing Debt Issuance Programme also contain a corresponding
change-of-control clause. The terms of the US$7 billion bond in 144A / Reg S format issued in
October 2014 also contain a clause to this effect. The outstanding amount of this bond as of
December 31, 2017, was US$5.3 billion.
Agreements exist for the members of the Board of Management in compliance with Section 4.2.3
of the German Corporate Governance Code to cover the eventuality of a takeover offer being
made for Bayer AG. Under these agreements, payments promised in the event of early termination
of the service contract of a Board of Management member due to a change of control are limited
to the value of three years’ compensation and may not compensate more than the remaining term
of the contract.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

A Combined Management Report
4.6 CSR Directive Implementation Act: Index to Nonfinancial Statement
Augmented Version

4.6 CSR Directive Implementation Act:
Index to Nonfinancial Statement
CSR Directive Implementation Act 1: Index to Nonfinancial Statement
Business model

We present our business model within the meaning of the German Commercial Page
Code (HGB), Section 289c and Section 315c in Chapter A 1.1 Corporate
43-49
Profile and Structure

Aspects

Bayer area of activity

Environmental aspects

Supplier management

Concept:
Management approaches, Group targets, measures,
results, due diligence processes; nonfinancial key
data
Chapter

Page
50, 53-55

Resource efficiency;
environmental protection
(emissions into air,
water, soil);
safety;
product stewardship

A 1.2.1 Group Strategy and Targets
1.4.2.2
Production and Logistics
A 1.4.3.1 Product Stewardship
A 1.4.3.2 Safety: plant and transportation safety
A 1.4.3.3 Environmental Protection

Supplier management

A 1.2.1 Targets and Key Performance Indicators
A 1.4.2.1 Procurement and Supplier
Management

54
93, 94-97

Employee-related
aspects

99-100, 101
106-109, 112-114
104-105, 117-119
104-105, 120-128

Chapter

Page

Employee relations and
developments;
safety;
human rights

A 1.2.1 Targets and Key Performance Indicators
A 1.4.1.1 Employees
A 1.4.1.2 Human Rights
A 1.4.3.2 Safety: occupational health and safety

55
79, 81-82, 83-86, 87-88
89
116-117

Supplier management

A 1.2.1 Targets and Key Performance Indicators
A 1.4.2.1 Procurement and Supplier Management

54
93, 94-97

Chapter

Page

Stakeholder engagement
and partnerships;
societal engagement;
production;
safety

A 1.2.1
A 1.2.3

Targets and Key Performance Indicators
Sustainability Management –
Stakeholder dialogue
A 1.4.1.3 Societal Engagement
A 1.4.2.2 Production
A 1.4.3.2 Safety: plant and transportation safety

55
58-59

Chapter

Page

Instruments for
combating corruption
and bribery

Business ethics

A 1.2.1 Targets and Key Performance Indicators
A 1.4.1.2 Human Rights
A 1.4.2.3 Marketing and Distribution:
commitment to ethical conduct
A 4.2
Compliance

55
89
103

Supplier management

Supplier management

A 1.2.1 Targets and Key Performance Indicators
A 1.4.2.1 Procurement and Supplier Management

54
93, 94-97

Chapter

Page

A 1.2.1 Targets and Key Performance Indicators
A 1.4.1.1 Employees
A 1.4.1.2 Human Rights
A 1.4.2.1 Procurement and Supplier Management,
including child labor

54, 55
83, 84-85, 88
89-90
97-98

Supplier management
Social aspects

Bribery and corruption

Respect for
human rights
Employee relations and
developments (fair
working conditions);
human rights
Supplier management

90
99-100
104-105, 116, 117-119

187-190

Material risks

In chapters A 3.2.1 Group-wide Opportunity and Risk Management System,
A 3.2.2 Opportunity and Risk Status and B 32. Legal Risks, we report on
material risks that arise through our business activity, business relationships,
products and services

Page
170,172, 176-179,
296-300

Diversity concept

We present our diversity concept for the Board of Management and
Supervisory Board in Chapter A 4.1 Declaration by Corporate Management,
and for Group employees in general in Chapter A 1.4.1.1 Employees

Page
183-186
84

1

Sections 289b to e HGB, sections 315b and c HGB; additional information on the nonfinancial statement of Bayer AG in accordance with
sections 289b to e HGB is given in Chapter A 1.4.4

207

206

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Bayer Group Consolidated Income Statements
Augmented Version

Consolidated
Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

208

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Bayer Group Consolidated Income Statements
Augmented Version

Bayer Group Consolidated
Income Statements
B1

€ million

Note

2016

2017

Net sales

[7]

34,943

35,015

Cost of goods sold

(11,756)

(11,382)

Gross profit

23,187

23,633

Selling expenses

[8]

(11,148)

(11,116)

Research and development expenses

[9]

(4,405)

(4,504)

(1,804)

(2,026)

General administration expenses
Other operating income

[10]

787

864

Other operating expenses

[11]

(879)

(948)

5,738

5,903

(6)

20

EBIT 1
Equity-method income (loss)

[13.1]

Financial income

149

289

Financial expenses

(1,108)

(1,635)

(965)

(1,326)

Financial result

[13]

Income before income taxes
Income taxes

[14]

Income from continuing operations after income taxes

4,773

4,577

(1,017)

(1,329)

3,756

3,248

of which attributable to noncontrolling interest

13

(1)

of which attributable to Bayer AG stockholders

3,743

3,249

1,070

4,846

Income from discontinued operations after income taxes

[6.3]

of which attributable to noncontrolling interest

282

759

of which attributable to Bayer AG stockholders

788

4,087

4,826

8,094

Income after income taxes
of which attributable to noncontrolling interest

[15]

295

758

4,531

7,336

Basic

4.50

3.73

Diluted

4.50

3.73

Basic

0.94

4.68

Diluted

0.94

4.68

Basic

5.44

8.41

Diluted

5.44

8.41

of which attributable to Bayer AG stockholders (net income)
€
Earnings per share

[16]

From continuing operations

[16]

From discontinued operations

From continuing and discontinued operations

[16]

[16]

2016 figures restated
1
For definition, see Combined Management Report, Chapter 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Bayer Group Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Augmented Version

Bayer Group Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive
Income
B2

€ million

Note

Income after income taxes
of which attributable to noncontrolling interest

[15]

of which attributable to Bayer AG stockholders

2017
8,094

295

758

4,531

7,336

Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability
for post-employment benefit plans

[25]

(1,036)

1,236

Income taxes

[14]

228

(515)

(808)

721

–

(44)

Other comprehensive income from remeasurements of the net defined
benefit liability for post-employment benefit plans
Other comprehensive income relating to associates accounted
for using the equity method
Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified subsequently
to profit or loss
Changes in fair values of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges

[30.3]

Reclassified to profit or loss
Income taxes

[14]

Other comprehensive income from cash flow hedges
Changes in fair values of available-for-sale financial assets

[20]

Reclassified to profit or loss
Income taxes

677

58

(144)

3

3

(16)

53

45

(88)

65

(3)

–

(2)
3

57

(2)

Changes in exchange differences recognized on translation
of operations outside the eurozone

703

(2,152)

Reclassified to profit or loss

(58)

–

Other comprehensive income from exchange differences

645

(2,152)

Other comprehensive income relating to associates accounted
for using the equity method

(14)

101

Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified subsequently
to profit or loss

733

(2,141)

(75)

(1,464)

Total other comprehensive income 1

[14]

(808)

(8)

Other comprehensive income from available-for-sale financial assets

of which attributable to noncontrolling interest

(10)

(106)

of which attributable to Bayer AG stockholders

(65)

(1,358)

4,751

6,630

Total comprehensive income

1

2016
4,826

of which attributable to noncontrolling interest

285

652

of which attributable to Bayer AG stockholders

4,466

5,978

Total changes recognized outside profit or loss

209

210

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Bayer Group Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
Augmented Version

Bayer Group Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position
B3

Note

Dec. 31,
2016

Dec. 31,
2017

Goodwill

[17]

16,312

14,751

Other intangible assets

[17]

13,567

11,674

Property, plant and equipment

[18]

13,114

7,633

€ million

Noncurrent assets

Investments accounted for using the equity method

[19]

584

4,007

Other financial assets

[20]

1,281

1,634

Other receivables

[23]

583

400

Deferred taxes

[14]

6,350

4,915

51,791

45,014

Current assets
Inventories

[21]

8,408

6,550

Trade accounts receivable

[22]

10,969

8,582

Other financial assets

[20]

6,275

3,529

Other receivables

[23]

2,210

1,276

Claims for income tax refunds

676

474

Cash and cash equivalents

1,899

7,581

Assets held for sale

[6.3]

10

2,081

30,447

30,073

82,238

75,087

Capital stock

2,117

2,117

Capital reserves

9,658

9,658

Other reserves

18,558

25,026

Equity attributable to Bayer AG stockholders

30,333

36,801

Equity attributable to noncontrolling interest

1,564

60

31,897

36,861

Total assets
Equity

[24]

Noncurrent liabilities
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits

[25]

11,134

8,020

Other provisions

[26]

1,780

1,366

Financial liabilities

[27]

16,180

12,483

Income tax liabilities
Other liabilities

[29]

Deferred taxes

[14]

423

495

957

1,116

1,330

1,153

31,804

24,633

Current liabilities
Other provisions

[26]

5,421

4,344

Financial liabilities

[27]

3,401

1,935

Trade accounts payable

[28]

6,410

5,129

Income tax liabilities
Other liabilities

[29]

Liabilities directly related to assets held for sale

[6.3]

Total equity and liabilities

884

422

2,421

1,652

–

111

18,537

13,593

82,238

75,087

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Bayer Group Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
Augmented Version

Bayer Group Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Equity
B4

€ million

Dec. 31, 2015

Capital stock

Capital
reserves

Retained
earnings
incl. net
income

2,117

6,167

16,581

Fair-value
Exchange measurement
differences of securities
(622)

24

Equity transactions with owners
Capital increase

3,491

Dividend payments

(2,067)

Other changes

129

53

Other comprehensive income

(781)

614

57

Income after income taxes

4,531
45

81

(1,915)

17

(1,870)

98

Dec. 31, 2016

2,117

9,658

18,393

Equity transactions with owners
Capital increase
Dividend payments

(2,233)

Other changes

2,727

Other comprehensive income

628

Income after income taxes

7,336

Dec. 31, 2017

2,117

9,658

26,851

B 4 (continued)

€ million

Dec. 31, 2015

Cash flow
hedges
(23)

Equity
attributable
Revaluation
to Bayer AG
surplus stockholders
21

24,265

Equity
attributable
to noncontrolling
interest

Equity

1,180

25,445

Equity transactions with owners
Capital increase

3,491

Dividend payments

(2,067)

(58)

(2,125)

178

157

335

(65)

(10)

(75)

4,531

295

4,826

30,333

1,564

31,897

(2,233)

(131)

(2,364)

2,723

(2,025)

698

(1,358)

(106)

(1,464)

7,336

758

8,094

36,801

60

36,861

Other changes
Other comprehensive income

(4)
45

Income after income taxes
Dec. 31, 2016

22

17

3,491

Equity transactions with owners
Capital increase
Dividend payments
Other changes
Other comprehensive income

(4)
(88)

Income after income taxes
Dec. 31, 2017

(66)

13

211

212

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Bayer Group Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Augmented Version

Bayer Group Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows
B5

2016

2017

Income from continuing operations after income taxes

3,756

3,248

Income taxes

1,017

1,329

Financial result

965

1,326

Income taxes paid

(1,701)

(1,821)

Depreciation, amortization and impairments

3,063

2,660

Change in pension provisions

(297)

(227)

(Gains) losses on retirements of noncurrent assets

(45)

(133)

Decrease (increase) in inventories

(78)

(293)

Decrease (increase) in trade accounts receivable

(385)

(18)

(Decrease) increase in trade accounts payable

310

265

Changes in other working capital, other noncash items

(170)

275

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
from continuing operations

6,435

6,611

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities from discontinued operations

2,654

1,523

€ million

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

Note

[33]

9,089

8,134

(2,578)

(2,366)

Cash inflows from sales of property, plant, equipment and other assets

111

241

Cash inflows from (outflows for) divestments

(18)

453

Cash outflows for noncurrent financial assets

(690)

(313)

Cash inflows from (outflows for) acquisitions less acquired cash

2

(158)

Interest and dividends received

89

168

(5,645)

1,543

(8,729)

(432)

Cash outflows for additions to property, plant, equipment and intangible assets

Cash inflows from (outflows for) current financial assets
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

[34]

Capital contributions
Proceeds from shares of Covestro AG

3,300

–

–

3,717

Dividend payments

(2,126)

(2,364)

Issuances of debt

15,190

10,369

Retirements of debt

(15,920)

(12,848)

Interest paid including interest-rate swaps

(853)

(801)

Interest received from interest-rate swaps

59

69

Cash outflows for the purchase of additional interests in subsidiaries

–

(23)

(350)

(1,881)

10

5,821

1,859

1,899

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Change in cash and cash equivalents due to business activities
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

[35]

Change in cash and cash equivalents due to changes in scope of consolidation

3

–

Change in cash and cash equivalents due to exchange rate movements

27

(139)

1,899

7,581

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
2016 figures restated

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements of the Bayer Group
1. Key data by segment
B 1/1

Key Data by Segment
Pharmaceuticals

Consumer Health

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

16,420

16,847

6,037

5,862

9,915

9,577

1,523

1,571

Change 1

+ 7.3%

+ 2.6%

– 0.6%

– 2.9%

– 2.1%

– 3.4%

+ 2.2%

+ 3.2%

Currency-adjusted change 1

+ 8.7%

+ 4.3%

+ 3.5%

– 1.7%

+ 0.2%

– 2.2%

+ 4.8%

+ 4.1%

29

38

5

14

36

38

10

8

Net sales (total)

16,449

16,885

6,042

5,876

9,951

9,610

1,533

1,579

EBIT 1

3,389

4,325

695

518

1,755

1,235

313

307

EBIT before special items 1

3,947

4,665

987

818

1,898

1,643

320

338

EBITDA before special items 1

5,251

5,711

1,411

1,231

2,421

2,043

349

381

ROCE 1

16.2%

21.0%

3.5%

2.7%

12.9%

9.6%

63.5%

47.1%

Net cash provided
by operating activities

€ million

Net sales (external)

Intersegment sales

Crop Science

Animal Health

3,368

3,867

874

1,059

2,071

1,884

193

209

Equity-method income (loss)

–

1

2

1

(1)

(1)

–

–

Equity-method carrying amounts 2

3

3

11

11

15

35

–

–

22,173

21,753

16,558

14,896

14,868

13,106

838

935

851

1,126

220

181

773

670

39

41

1,695

1,251

601

627

525

481

30

45

464

217

175

213

52

72

1

9

–

–

–

–

–

(1)

(1)

–

2,787

2,888

259

240

1,164

1,166

140

155

Assets 2
Capital expenditures 2
Depreciation, amortization
and impairments
of which impairment losses
of which impairment loss reversals
Research and development
expenses
1

For definition, see Combined Management Report, Chapter 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
2
2016 Group total including Covestro

213

214

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

B 1/1 continued

Key Data by Segment
Reconciliation
Corporate Functions
and Consolidation
All Other Segments

Group

€ million

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

Net sales (external)

1,042

1,142

6

16

34,943

35,015

+50.0% +166.7%

Change 1

– 5.0%

+ 9.6%

+ 2.5%

+ 0.2%

Currency-adjusted change 1

– 4.2%

+ 10.5%

–

–

+ 4.7%

+ 1.6%

Intersegment sales

1,356

2,324

(1,436)

(2,417)

–

–

Net sales (total)

2,398

3,466

(1,430)

(2,401)

34,943

35,015

EBIT 1

(50)

4

(364)

(486)

5,738

5,903

EBIT before special items 1

18

115

(344)

(449)

6,826

7,130

EBITDA before special items 1

224

358

(338)

(436)

9,318

9,288

–

–

–

–

10.3%

10.8%
6,611

ROCE 1
Net cash provided by operating activities

503

256

(574)

(664)

6,435

Equity-method income (loss)

–

–

(7)

19

(6)

20

Equity-method carrying amounts 2

–

–

325

3,958

584

4,007

Assets 2

2,632

2,206

15,986

22,191

82,238

75,087

Capital expenditures 2

307

359

18

41

2,627

2,418

Depreciation, amortization and impairments

206

243

6

13

3,063

2,660

of which impairment losses

7

2

–

–

699

513

of which impairment loss reversals

–

–

–

–

(1)

(1)

Research and development expenses

39

3

16

52

4,405

4,504

2016 figures restated
1
For definition, see Combined Management Report, Chapter 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”
2
2016 Group total including Covestro

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

2. General information
The consolidated financial statements of the Bayer Group as of December 31, 2017, were prepared by
Bayer Aktiengesellschaft (Bayer AG) according to the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), London, United Kingdom, in effect at the
end of the reporting period, and the interpretations of the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRS IC) as
endorsed by the European Union. The applicable further requirements of Section 315e of the German
Commercial Code were also taken into account.
Bayer AG (which is entered in the commercial register of the Local Court of Cologne, Germany, HRB
48248) is a global enterprise based in Germany. Its registered office is at Kaiser-Wilhelm-Allee 1, 51368
Leverkusen. Its material business activities in the fields of health care and agriculture took place in the
reporting period in the Pharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Crop Science and Animal Health segments.
The activities of each segment are outlined in Note [5].
The declarations required under Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act concerning the German
Corporate Governance Code have been issued and made available to stockholders.
The Board of Management of Bayer AG prepared the consolidated financial statements of the Bayer Group
on February 20, 2018. They were discussed by the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG
at its meeting on February 26, 2018, and approved by the Supervisory Board at its plenary meeting on
February 27, 2018.
In the income statement and statement of comprehensive income, statement of financial position, statement of cash flows and statement of changes in equity, certain items are combined for the sake of clarity.
These are explained in the Notes. The income statement is prepared using the cost-of-sales method. Assets and liabilities are classified by maturity. They are regarded as current if they mature within one year or
within the normal business cycle of the company or the Group, or are held for sale. The normal business
cycle is defined for this purpose as beginning with the procurement of the resources necessary for the
production process and ending with the receipt of cash or cash equivalents as consideration for the sale of
the goods or services produced in that process. Inventories and trade accounts receivable and payable are
always presented as current items. Deferred tax assets and liabilities and pension provisions are always
presented as noncurrent items.
The consolidated financial statements of the Bayer Group are drawn up in euros. Amounts are stated in
millions of euros (€ million) except where otherwise indicated.
The financial statements of the individual consolidated companies are prepared as of the closing date of
the Group financial statements.

3. Effects of new financial reporting standards
Financial reporting standards applied for the first time in 2017
The first-time application of the following amended financial reporting standards had no impact, or no
material impact, on the presentation of Bayer’s financial position or results of operations, or on earnings
per share.
In January 2016, the IASB published amendments to IAS 7 (Statement of Cash Flows) under the title
“Amendments to IAS 7: Disclosure Initiative.” The following changes in liabilities arising from financing activities must be disclosed: (a) changes from financing cash flows; (b) changes arising from obtaining or
losing control of subsidiaries or other businesses; (c) the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates; (d)
changes in fair values; (e) other changes.

215

216

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

In January 2016, the IASB also published amendments to IAS 12 (Income Taxes) under the title “Recognition of Deferred Assets for Unrealised Losses.” These amendments basically clarify that in the case of
assets recognized at fair value (e.g. fixed-rate debt instruments) where the taxable value is the cost of
acquisition, unrealized losses result in deductible temporary differences, irrespective of the future use of
the asset. Further, when estimating future taxable profits for the purpose of recognizing deferred tax assets, the tax deductions resulting from the reversal of other deductible temporary differences must be
eliminated.
In December 2016, the IASB published “Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2014 - 2016 Cycle” as
part of its annual improvements project. The changes relating to IFRS 12 (Disclosure of Interest in Other
Entities) primarily pertain to clarifications.

Published financial reporting standards that have not yet been applied
The IASB and the IFRS Interpretations Committee have issued the following standards, amendments to
standards, and interpretations whose application was not yet mandatory for the 2017 fiscal year, or for
which the European Union had not yet completed the endorsement process. The application of these
standards and amendments is conditional upon their endorsement by the European Union.
IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments) is the new standard for accounting for financial instruments that is to be
applied for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018. It was endorsed by the European Union in November 2016.
Bayer will apply IFRS 9 retrospectively, accounting for the aggregate amount of any transition effects by
way of an adjustment to equity as of January 1, 2018, and presenting the comparative period in line with
previous rules. IFRS 9 introduces new provisions for the classification and measurement of financial assets
and replaces the current rules on the impairment of financial assets. The new standard requires a change
in accounting methods for the effects resulting from a change in the company's own credit risk for financial
liabilities classified at fair value and modifies the requirements for hedge accounting. The classification and
measurement of financial liabilities is otherwise largely unchanged from the existing regulations.
Under IFRS 9, the classification and measurement of financial assets is determined by the company’s
business model and the characteristics of the cash flows of each financial asset. As at the transition date,
these changes in the classification of financial assets will not have any material impact on the presentation
of the Group’s financial position and results of operations. In the case of equity instruments held as of
January 1, 2018, that are not held for trading, Bayer will uniformly opt to recognize future changes in their
fair value through other comprehensive income in the statement of comprehensive income and to continue
to classify these as equity upon the derecognition of the financial instrument.
Furthermore, IFRS 9 will lead to an increase in the loss allowance for expected credit losses on financial
assets, including trade accounts receivable. Loss allowances for expected credit losses on trade accounts
receivable will increase by an amount in the region of approximately €95 million. As at the transition date,
the measurement effects for other financial assets will be immaterial.
In the future, changes in the fair values of financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
resulting from Bayer's own credit risk will be recognized through other comprehensive income in the
statement of comprehensive income rather than in the income statement. At Bayer, this change principally
affects the debt instruments (exchangeable bond) issued in June 2017, which also can be exchanged into
Covestro shares. As at the transition date, this change will not have any material effects on these items.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

For hedge accounting, Bayer is opting to prospectively apply IFRS 9 from January 1, 2018. If only the
intrinsic value of an option is designated as a hedging instrument in a hedging relationship, IFRS 9 requires
that changes in the fair value of the time value of the options during the hedging period initially be recognized as other comprehensive income in the statement of comprehensive income. Subsequent measurement depends on the type of hedged transaction. In contrast to the other rules on hedge accounting, the
revised accounting method is to be applied retrospectively. As at the transition date, these changes will not
have any material impact on the presentation of the Group’s financial position and results of operations.
The IASB issued IFRS 15 (Revenues from Contracts with Customers) in May 2014 and provided clarifications to the standard in April 2016. Both the standard and the clarifications have been endorsed by the
European Union. IFRS 15 replaces the current IAS 18 (Revenue) and IAS 11 (Construction Contracts) revenue recognition standards and the related interpretations, and is applicable for annual reporting periods
beginning on or after January 1, 2018. The new standard establishes a five-step model related to revenue
recognition from contracts with customers. Under IFRS 15, revenue is recognized at amounts that reflect
the consideration that an entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for transferring goods or services to a
customer. Revenue is recognized when (or as) the entity transfers control of goods or services to a customer either over time or at a point in time. In addition, IFRS 15 clarifies the allocation of individual topics
to (new) line items in the statement of financial position and to functional cost items in the income statement, and whether gross or net amounts are to be presented.
Bayer will implement IFRS 15 on the basis of the modified retrospective method, accounting for the aggregate amount of any transition effects by way of an adjustment to retained earnings as of January 1, 2018,
and presenting the comparative period in line with previous rules. All of the established business models
for the Bayer Group were examined in the course of the implementation project. The previous assessment
that the new standard is not expected to materially affect the timing of revenue recognition for the transactions concerned or their components was confirmed. With regard to total Group sales, there are indications of immaterial transition effects specifically due to the different accounting for milestone payments in
connection with right-to-access licenses and the recognition of revenues from trademark rights divested in
the past. This is likely to result in an immaterial increase in retained earnings on the transition date as explained in greater detail below:
> IFRS 15 requires catch-up adjustments to revenue when milestone payments for right-to-access

licenses become unconstrained leading to earlier revenue recognition. This change is expected to result
in an increase in retained earnings and a decrease in contract liabilities (currently presented as deferred
income in other liabilities) by roughly €100 million on January 1, 2018. This would translate into a
decrease of less than 0.1% in annual net sales and less than 0.3% in annual EBIT through 2027 in the
Pharmaceuticals segment as measured in relation to the segment’s current figures. These effects are
presented before deferred taxes.
> IFRS 15 in conjunction with IAS 38 (Intangible Assets) generally requires the recognition of the purchase
price related to a brand divestment net of associated carrying amounts in other operating income or
expenses upon control transfer. Some cases have been identified where the purchase price was
deferred under former policy in line with IAS 18, but would have been recognized in income earlier under
IFRS 15, leading to an expected increase in retained earnings and an expected decrease in contract
liabilities (currently presented as deferred income in other liabilities) by roughly €30 million on the date of
transition. This would translate into a decrease of less than 1.2% and 0.2% in annual net sales and less
than 6.2% and 1% in annual EBIT in 2018 and 2019, respectively, for the Animal Health segment as
measured in relation to the segment’s current figures. For the Pharmaceuticals segment, this would lead
to a decrease of less than 0.04% in annual net sales and less than 0.2% in annual EBIT in 2018 as
measured in relation to the segment’s current figures. These effects are presented before deferred
taxes.

217

218

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

At the time these consolidated financial statements were finalized, Bayer had not fully concluded its analysis of the impact IFRS 15 will have on the sale of goods for which it also organizes transportation services.
However, preliminary analyses have not revealed any material effects. Line items added to the statement of
financial position through IFRS 15, and the corresponding allocation rules, will give rise to presentational
changes within the statement of financial position. Overall, based on current knowledge, we do not anticipate any material effects on the results of operations or on earnings per share.
In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16 (Leases), the new standard for lease accounting, which will
replace IAS 17. IFRS 16 introduces a uniform lease accounting model for lessees, requiring recognition of
a right-of-use asset and a liability for all leases with a term of more than 12 months unless such leases are
immaterial. It will eliminate the current requirement for lessees to classify lease contracts as either operating leases – without recognizing the respective assets or liabilities – or as finance leases. As in the previous
standard, IAS 17, lessors still have to differentiate between finance and operating leases. Companies in the
Bayer Group mainly act as lessees. The application of IFRS 16 is expected to impact Bayer’s financial
position and results of operations as follows: Instead of the minimum lease payments arising from operating leases currently recognized under other financial commitments, application of IFRS 16 will increase
noncurrent assets by requiring the recognition of rights of use. Similarly, financial liabilities will be increased
by recognition of the corresponding lease liabilities. In the statement of comprehensive income, the amortization of rights of use and the interest expense for the liabilities will be recognized in place of the expenses
for operating leases. In the statement of cash flows, IFRS 16 will probably result in an improvement in the
operating cash flow by reducing cash flows for operating activities, while the repayment component of
lease payments and the interest expense will be recognized in the financing cash flow. The new standard is
to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019. It was endorsed by the European
Union in October 2017. A Group-wide project is steering the implementation of this new standard. Bayer is
currently evaluating the quantitative impacts the amendments will have on the presentation of its financial
position and results of operations. In this connection, we refer to the other financial commitments from
operating leases reported in Note [31].
In June 2016, the IASB published an amendment to IFRS 2 (Share-based Payment) under the title “Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions.” This amendment provides guidance on
certain accounting issues relating to cash-settled share-based payments. For example, the fair value of the
equity instruments is not to be adjusted for service conditions or non-market-based performance conditions. Instead, these are to be taken into account by adjusting the number of equity instruments expected
to vest. The amendment is to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018. It has
not yet been endorsed by the European Union. The changes are not expected to have a material impact
on the presentation of Bayer’s financial position or results of operations.
In September 2016 the IASB published an amendment to IFRS 4 (Insurance Contracts) under the title
“Applying IFRS 9 ‘Financial Instruments’ with IFRS 4 ‘Insurance Contracts’.” These amendments aim to
mitigate the impact of the different dates of first-time application of IFRS 9 and IFRS 17, the successor to
IFRS 4, especially at companies with extensive insurance business. It introduces two optional approaches
which insurers can use provided that certain conditions are fulfilled: the overlay approach and temporary
exemption. The amendment is to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018. It
was endorsed by the European Union in November 2017. The changes are not expected to have a material impact on the presentation of Bayer’s financial position or results of operations.
In December 2016, the IASB published an amendment to IAS 40 (Investment Property) under the title
“Transfers of Investment Property.” This specifies that a property may only be transferred to or from the
investment property classification when there has been an actual change in use and not when there is a
mere change of intent concerning the property. The amendment is to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018. It has not yet been endorsed by the European Union. The changes are
not expected to have a material impact on the presentation of Bayer’s financial position or results of operations.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

In December 2016, the IASB published “Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2014-2016 Cycle” as
part of its annual improvements project. The amendments relate to IFRS 1 (First Time Adoption of IFRS),
IFRS 12 (Disclosure of Interest in Other Entities) and IAS 28 (Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures).
They mainly contain clarifications on the scope of application and other matters. The amendments to
IFRS 1 and IAS 28 are to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018. The
amendments were endorsed by the European Union in February 2018. The changes are not expected to
have a material impact on the presentation of Bayer’s financial position or results of operations.
In December 2016, the IASB published the IFRIC Interpretation 22 (Foreign Currency Transactions and
Advance Consideration) relating to IAS 21 (The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates). The Interpretation clarifies that the assets, income and expenses accounted for following a foreign currency transaction are to be translated at the same exchange rate as any related receipts or payments of advance
consideration. IFRIC 22 is to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018. It has
not yet been endorsed by the European Union. Bayer is currently evaluating the impact the amendments
will have on the presentation of its financial position and results of operations.
In May 2017, the IASB published IFRS 17 (Insurance Contracts), which will replace IFRS 4. Its scope comprises insurance contracts, reinsurance contracts and investment contracts with discretionary participation
features. IFRS 17 is to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2021. The amendments have not yet been endorsed by the European Union. Bayer is currently evaluating the impact the
amendments will have on the presentation of its financial position and results of operations.
In June 2017, the IASB published IFRIC Interpretation 23 (Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments) to
clarify uncertainty relating to the accounting treatment of income taxes. IFRIC 23 is to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019. It has not yet been endorsed by the European Union.
Bayer is currently evaluating the impact the amendments will have on the presentation of its financial position and results of operations.
In October 2017, the IASB published an amendment to IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments) under the title “Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation.” This addresses the treatment of symmetrical rights to
terminate a contract to allow measurement of financial assets at amortized cost or at fair value through
comprehensive income. In addition, it contains clarification on the modification of financial liabilities that
does not result in derecognition. The amendment to IFRS 9 is to be applied for annual periods beginning
on or after January 1, 2019. It has not yet been endorsed by the European Union. Bayer is currently evaluating the impact the amendments will have on the presentation of its financial position and results of operations.
In October 2017, the IASB published an amendment to IAS 28 (Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures) under the title “Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures.” This clarifies that a company
is required to apply IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments), including its impairment rules, to long-term interests in
associates and joint ventures that, in substance, form part of the net investment in the associate or joint
venture and to which the equity method is not applied. The application of IFRS 9 thus takes precedence
over IAS 28. The amendment to IAS 28 is to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1,
2019. It has not yet been endorsed by the European Union. Bayer is currently evaluating the impact the
amendments will have on the presentation of its financial position and results of operations.

219

220

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

In December 2017, the IASB published “Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015-2017 Cycle” as
part of its annual improvements project. The amendments relate to IFRS 3 (Business Combinations),
IFRS 11 (Joint Arrangements), IAS 12 (Income Taxes) and IAS 23 (Borrowing Costs). They principally comprise clarifications. The amendments are to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January 1,
2019. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments have not yet been endorsed by the European Union. Bayer is currently evaluating the impact the amendments will have on the presentation of its financial
position and results of operations.
In February 2018, the IASB published amendments to IAS 19 (Employee Benefits). These amendments
relate to how a company accounts for a defined benefit plan when a change – an amendment, curtailment
or settlement – takes place, and require a company to remeasure its net defined benefit liability or asset
when said change occurs. They also require a company to use the updated acturial assumptions from this
remeasurement to determine current service cost and net interest for the remainder of the reporting period
after the change to the plan. The amendments also include clarifications regarding the related effects on
determining the asset ceiling. The amendments are to be applied for annual reporting periods beginning on
or after January 1, 2019. Early application is permissable. They have not yet been endorsed by the European Union. Bayer will evaluate the impact the amendments will have on the presentation of its financial
position and results of operations.

4. Basic principles, methods and critical accounting
estimates
The financial statements of the consolidated companies are prepared according to uniform accounting
policies and measurement principles.
The consolidated financial statements of the Group are based on the principle of the historical cost of
acquisition, construction or production, with the exception of the items reflected at fair value, such as for
example, financial assets held for trading or available for sale, derivatives, and liabilities for which Bayer
has made use of the fair value option.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the management has to make certain assumptions and
estimates that may substantially impact the presentation of the Group’s financial position and / or results of
operations.
Such estimates, assumptions or the exercise of discretion mainly relate to the useful life of noncurrent
assets, the discounted cash flows used for impairment testing and purchase price allocations, and the
recognition of provisions, including those for litigation-related expenses, pensions and other benefits, taxes, environmental compliance and remediation costs, sales allowances, product liability and guarantees.
Essential estimates and assumptions that may affect reporting in the various item categories of the financial statements are described in the following sections of this Note. Estimates are based on historical experience and other assumptions that are considered reasonable under given circumstances. They are
continually reviewed but may vary from the actual values.
Changes in accounting policies or measurement principles in light of new or revised standards are generally applied in line with the options permitted within the respective standard. Depending on the option that
Bayer makes use of, the income statement for the previous year and the opening statement of financial
position for that year are adjusted where necessary. For detailed information on standards to be applied for
the first time from January 1, 2018, please see Note [3].

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include subsidiaries, joint operations, joint ventures and associates.
Subsidiaries are companies over which Bayer AG is currently able to exercise power by virtue of existing

rights. Power means the ability to direct the relevant activities that significantly affect a company’s profitability. Control is therefore only deemed to exist if Bayer AG is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns
from its involvement with a company and has the ability to use its power over that company to affect the
amount of that company’s returns. The ability to control another company generally derives from
Bayer AG’s direct or indirect ownership of a majority of the voting rights. In the case of structured entities,
however, control is based on contractual agreements. Inclusion of an entity’s accounts in the consolidated
financial statements begins when the Bayer Group is able to exercise control over the entity and ceases
when it is no longer able to do so.
Joint operations and joint ventures are based on joint arrangements. A joint arrangement is deemed to
exist if the Bayer Group through a contractual agreement jointly controls activities managed with a third
party. Joint control is only deemed to exist if decisions regarding the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement. The Bayer Group recognizes the share of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to its interest in a joint operation in
accordance with its rights and obligations.
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
rights to the net assets of the arrangement. Joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method.
Associates are companies over which Bayer AG exerts significant influence, generally through an owner-

ship interest between 20% and 50%. They also are accounted for using the equity method. In addition,
Bayer AG can generally exert significant influence on companies in which it holds an interest of below 20%
when it has representation in that company’s supervisory body.
The carrying amount of a company accounted for using the equity method is adjusted annually by the
percentage of any change in its equity corresponding to Bayer’s percentage interest in the company. Differences arising upon first-time inclusion using the equity method are accounted for according to fullconsolidation principles. Bayer’s share of changes – recognized in profit or loss – in these companies’
equities, impairment losses recognized on goodwill, and gains and losses from the sale of investments
accounted for using the equity method, are reflected in equity-method income / loss.
Interests in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates that do not have a material impact on the Group’s
financial position or results of operations, either individually or in aggregate, are accounted for at cost of
acquisition less any impairment losses.

Foreign currency translation
The financial statements of the individual companies for inclusion in the consolidated financial statements
are prepared in their respective functional currencies. A company’s functional currency is that of the economic environment in which it primarily generates and expends cash. The majority of consolidated companies carry out their activities autonomously from a financial, economic and organizational point of view, and
their functional currencies are therefore the respective local currencies.

221

222

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

In the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of companies that do not use the euro as
their functional currency at the start and end of the year are translated into euros at closing rates. All
changes occurring during the year and all income and expense items and cash flows are translated into
euros at average monthly rates. Equity components are translated at the historical exchange rates prevailing at the respective dates of their first-time recognition in Group equity.
The exchange differences arising between the resulting amounts and those obtained by translating at closing rates are recognized outside profit or loss as “Exchange differences on translation of operations outside the eurozone” (in other comprehensive income) or presented as “Exchange differences” in the tables
in the Notes. When a company is deconsolidated or the net investment in a foreign operation is reduced,
such exchange differences are reclassified from equity to profit or loss.
The exchange rates for major currencies against the euro varied as follows:
B 4/1

Exchange Rates for Major Currencies
Closing rate
€1/

Average rate

2016

2017

2016

2017

BRL

Brazil

3.43

3.98

3.84

3.59

CAD

Canada

1.42

1.51

1.47

1.46

CHF

Switzerland

1.07

1.17

1.09

1.11

CNY

China

7.35

7.81

7.36

7.61

GBP

United Kingdom

0.86

0.89

0.82

0.88

JPY

Japan

123.36

135.01

120.06

126.39

MXN

Mexico

21.78

23.66

20.62

21.28

RUB

Russia

64.30

69.41

73.79

65.71

USD

United States

1.05

1.20

1.11

1.13

In 2017, as in prior years, the rules of IAS 29 (Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies) were
relevant for Bayer S.A., Venezuela. Gains and losses incurred upon adjusting the carrying amounts of
nonmonetary assets and liabilities and of items in the income statement for inflation are recognized in other
operating income and expenses.
Starting in January 2016, foreign currency translation and valuation were switched to the “hyperinflationadjusted” SIMADI exchange rate. This is determined internally because reliable exchange rates are not
available externally. It was initially based on the official SIMADI rate and has subsequently been adjusted in
line with published inflation rates. The exchange rate thus calculated was VEF 74,258 to the U.S. dollar at
the end of December 2017 (2016: VEF 2,737 to the U.S. dollar). The resulting U.S. dollar amounts were
then translated at the dollar / euro closing-date rate.
Receivables from the Venezuelan exchange control authority relating to the allocation of U.S. dollars at a
preferential exchange rate are impaired to zero as soon as they are posted.

Foreign currency measurement
In the separate financial statements of the individual consolidated companies, monetary items, such as
receivables and liabilities, that are denominated in currencies other than the respective functional currency
are measured at closing rates. Related exchange differences are recognized in profit or loss as exchange
gains or losses under other financial income or expenses.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Net sales and other operating income
All revenues derived from the selling of products or rendering of services or from licensing agreements are
recognized as sales. Other operational revenues are recognized as other operating income. Sales are recognized in profit or loss when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods have been transferred to the customer, the company retains neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with ownership nor effective control over the goods sold, the amount of revenue and costs
incurred or to be incurred can be measured reliably, and it is sufficiently probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the company.
Sales are stated net of sales taxes, other taxes and sales deductions at the fair value of the consideration
received or to be received. Sales deductions are estimated amounts for rebates, cash discounts and product returns. They are deducted at the time the sales are recognized, and appropriate provisions are recorded. Sales deductions are estimated primarily on the basis of historical experience, specific contractual
terms and future expectations of sales development. It is unlikely that factors other than these could materially affect sales deductions in the Bayer Group.
Provisions for rebates in 2017 amounted to 6.1% of total net sales (2016: 5.5%). In addition to rebates,
Group companies offer cash discounts for prompt payment in some countries. Provisions for cash discounts as of December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2016, were less than 0.1% of total net sales for the
respective year.
Sales are reduced by the amount of the provisions for expected returns of defective goods or of saleable
products that may be returned under contractual arrangements. The net sales are reduced on the date of
sale or on the date when the amount of future product returns can be reasonably estimated. Provisions for
product returns in 2017 amounted to 0.6% of total net sales (2016: 0.6%). If future product returns cannot
be reasonably estimated and are significant to a sales transaction, the revenues and the related cost of
sales are deferred until a reasonable estimate can be made or the right to return the goods has expired.
Some of the Bayer Group’s revenues are generated on the basis of licensing agreements under which third
parties have been granted rights to products and technologies. Payments received, or expected to be
received, that relate to the sale or out-licensing of technologies or technological expertise are recognized
in profit or loss as of the effective date of the respective agreement if all rights relating to the technologies
and all obligations resulting from them have been relinquished under the contract terms. However, if rights
to the technologies continue to exist or obligations resulting from them have yet to be fulfilled, the payments received are deferred accordingly. Upfront payments and similar nonrefundable payments received
under these agreements are recorded as other liabilities and recognized in profit or loss according to the
degree of performance over the estimated performance period stipulated in the agreement.
License agreements and research and development collaboration agreements may be multiple-deliverable
arrangements with varying consideration terms, such as upfront, milestone or similar payments. Such
agreements therefore have to be assessed to determine whether the revenues allocated to individual deliverables must be recognized at different points in time and therefore form separate units of account.
To qualify as a separate unit of account for revenue recognition purposes, a deliverable must have value to
the licensee on a standalone basis. If this is not the case, the agreement as a whole or a combination of
individual deliverables that has value on a standalone basis forms a unit of account.
If necessary goods have yet to be delivered or necessary services provided for a unit of account and such
delivery or provision is probable, nonrefundable (royalty) payments already received are recognized through
profit or loss over the periods in which these goods are delivered or these services are provided.
Income may also arise from the exchange of intangible assets. The amount recognized is generally based
on the fair value of the asset received plus (less) any cash received (dispersed).

223

224

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Research and development expenses
For accounting purposes, research expenses are defined as costs incurred for current or planned investigations undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical knowledge and understanding.
Development expenses are defined as costs incurred for the application of research findings or specialist
knowledge to plans or designs for the production, provision or development of new or substantially improved products, services or processes, respectively, prior to the commencement of commercial production or use.
Research and development expenses are incurred in the Bayer Group for in-house research and development activities as well as numerous research and development collaborations and alliances with third
parties.
Research and development expenses mainly comprise the costs for active ingredient discovery, clinical
studies, research and development activities in the areas of application technology and engineering, field
trials, regulatory approvals and approval extensions.
Research costs cannot be capitalized. The conditions for capitalization of development costs are closely
defined: a key precondition for recognition of an intangible asset is that it is sufficiently certain that the
development activity will generate future cash flows that will cover the associated development costs.
Since our own development projects are often subject to regulatory approval procedures and other uncertainties, the conditions for the capitalization of costs incurred before receipt of approvals are not normally
satisfied.
In the case of research and development collaborations, a distinction is generally made between payments
on contract signature, upfront payments, milestone payments and cost reimbursements for work performed. If an intangible asset (such as the right to the use of an active ingredient) is acquired in connection
with any of these payment obligations, the respective payment is capitalized even if it is uncertain whether
further development work will ultimately lead to the production of a saleable product. Reimbursements of
the cost of research or development work are recognized in profit or loss, except where they are required
to be capitalized.

Income taxes
Income taxes comprise the taxes levied on taxable income in the individual countries along with changes in
deferred tax assets and liabilities that are recognized in profit or loss. The income taxes recognized are
reflected at the amounts likely to be payable under the statutory regulations in force, or already enacted in
relation to future periods, at the end of the reporting period.
Complex tax regulations may give rise to uncertainties with respect to their interpretation and the amounts
and timing of future taxable income. Given the wide range of international business relationships and the
long-term nature and complexity of existing contractual agreements, differences arising between the actual
results and the assumptions made, or future changes to such assumptions, could necessitate adjustments
to tax income and expense in future periods. The Group establishes provisions for taxes, based on reasonable estimates, for liabilities to the tax authorities of the respective countries that are uncertain as to
their amount and the probability of their occurrence. The amount of such provisions is based on various
factors, such as experience with previous tax audits and differing legal interpretations by the taxable entity
and the responsible tax authority.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

In compliance with IAS 12 (Income Taxes), deferred taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position prepared according to IFRS and their tax bases. Deferred taxes are also recognized for consolidation measures and for loss
carryforwards, interest carryforwards and tax credits that are likely to be usable.
Deferred tax assets relating to deductible temporary differences, tax credits, loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards are recognized where it is sufficiently probable that taxable income will be available in the
future to enable them to be used. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized on temporary differences taxable in
the future. Deferred taxes are calculated at the rates which – on the basis of the statutory regulations in
force, or already enacted in relation to future periods, as of the closing date – are expected to apply in the
individual countries at the time of realization. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if
they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and Bayer has a legal right to settle on a
net basis. Material effects of changes in tax rates or tax law on deferred tax assets and liabilities are generally accounted for in the period in which the changes are enacted. Such effects are recognized in profit
or loss except where they relate to deferred taxes that were recognized outside profit or loss, in which
case they are recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
Deferred and current taxes are recognized in profit or loss unless they relate to items recognized outside
profit or loss, in which case they, too, are recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
The probability that deferred tax assets resulting from temporary differences, loss carryforwards or interest
carryforwards can be used in the future is the subject of forecasts by the individual consolidated companies regarding their future earnings situation and other parameters.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized on planned dividend payments by subsidiaries. Where no dividend
payment is planned for the foreseeable future, no deferred tax liability is recognized on the difference between the proportionate net assets according to IFRS and the tax base of the investment in the subsidiary.

Goodwill
In a business combination, goodwill is capitalized at the acquisition date. It is measured at its cost of acquisition, which is the excess of the acquisition price for shares in a company over the acquired net assets.
The net assets are the balance of the fair values of the acquired identifiable assets and the assumed liabilities and contingent liabilities.
Goodwill is not amortized, but tested annually for impairment. Details of the annual impairment tests are
given under “Procedure used in global impairment testing and its impact.” Once an impairment loss has
been recognized on goodwill, it is not reversed in subsequent periods.

Other intangible assets
An “other intangible asset” is an identifiable nonmonetary asset without physical substance, other than
goodwill (such as a patent, a trademark or a marketing right). It is capitalized if the future economic benefits attributable to the asset will probably flow to the company and the cost of acquisition or generation of
the asset can be reliably measured.

225

226

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Other intangible assets are recognized at the cost of acquisition or generation. Those with a determinable
useful life are amortized accordingly on a straight-line basis over a period of up to 30 years, except where
their actual depletion demands a different amortization pattern. Determination of the expected useful lives
of such assets and the amortization patterns is based on estimates of the period for which they will generate cash flows. An impairment test is performed if there is an indication of possible impairment.
Other intangible assets with an indefinite life (such as the Bayer Cross trademark) and intangible assets not
yet available for use (such as research and development projects) are not amortized, but tested annually
for impairment.

Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment is depreciated by the straight-line method over an asset’s useful life, except
where depreciation based on actual depletion is more appropriate.
The following depreciation periods are applied throughout the Group:
B 4/2

Useful Life of Property, Plant and Equipment
Buildings

20 to 50 years

Outdoor infrastructure

10 to 20 years

Storage tanks and pipelines

10 to 20 years

Plant installations

6 to 20 years

Machinery and equipment

6 to 12 years

Furniture and fixtures

4 to 10 years

Vehicles

5 to 8 years

Computer equipment

3 to 5 years

Laboratory and research facilities

3 to 5 years

When assets are sold, closed down or scrapped, the difference between the net proceeds and the net
carrying amount of the assets is recognized as a gain or loss in other operating income or expenses, respectively.
Investment property comprises land and buildings not being used for operational or administrative purposes. It is measured using the cost model. The fair value of the investment property reported in the Notes is
determined using the discounted cash flow method, comparisons with the current market values of similar
properties, or reports from external experts.

Financial assets
Financial assets comprise loans and receivables, acquired equity and debt instruments, cash and cash
equivalents, and derivatives with positive fair values.
Regular-way purchases and sales of financial assets are generally posted on the settlement date. Financial
assets are initially recognized at fair value plus transaction costs. The transaction costs incurred for the
purchase of financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss are expensed immediately.
If there are substantial and objective indications of a decline in the value of loans and receivables, held-tomaturity financial assets or available-for-sale financial assets, an impairment test is performed. Indications
of possible impairment include a high probability of insolvency, a significant deterioration in credit standing,
a material breach of contract, operating losses reported by a company over several years, a reduction in
market value, the financial restructuring of the debtor, or the disappearance of an active market for the
asset.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Impairment losses are generally recorded on receivables in the event of insolvency or similar proceedings
being launched, financial restructuring at business partners, or the initiation of enforcement measures.
Payment history and past-due receivables are also analyzed, with customer-specific facts assessed in
each case.
Financial assets are derecognized when contractual rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets
expire or the financial assets are transferred together with all material risks and benefits.

Inventories
In accordance with IAS 2 (Inventories), inventories encompass assets consumed in production or in the
rendering of services (raw materials and supplies), assets in the production process for sale (work in process), goods held for sale in the ordinary course of business (finished goods and goods purchased for
resale), and advance payments on inventories. Inventories are recognized at their cost of acquisition or
production (production-related full costs) – calculated by the weighted-average method – or at their net
realizable value, whichever is lower. The net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
course of business less estimated cost to complete and selling expenses.

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash, checks received and balances with banks and companies.
Cash equivalents are highly liquid short-term financial investments that are subject to an insignificant risk of
changes in value, are easily convertible into a known amount of cash and have a maturity of three months
or less from the date of acquisition or investment.

Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits
Within the Bayer Group, post-employment benefits are provided under defined contribution and / or defined
benefit plans. In the case of defined contribution plans, the company pays contributions to publicly or
privately administered pension plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. Once the contributions have been paid, the company has no further payment obligations. The regular contributions constitute expenses for the year in which they are due and as such are included in the functional cost items, and
thus in EBIT. All other post-employment benefit systems are defined benefit plans, which may be either
unfunded, i.e. financed by provisions, or funded, i.e. financed through pension funds.
The present value of provisions for defined benefit plans and the resulting expense are calculated in accordance with IAS 19 (Employee Benefits) by the projected unit credit method. The future benefit obligations are valued by actuarial methods and spread over the entire employment period on the basis of specific assumptions regarding beneficiary structure and the economic environment. These relate mainly to the
discount rate, future salary and pension increases, variations in health care costs, and mortality rates.
The discount rates used are calculated from the yields of high-quality corporate bond portfolios in specific
currencies with cash flows approximately equivalent to the expected disbursements from the pension
plans. The uniform discount rate derived from this interest-rate structure is thus based on the yields, at the
closing date, of a portfolio of AA-rated corporate bonds whose weighted residual maturities approximately
correspond to the duration necessary to cover the entire benefit obligation.

227

228

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The fair value of plan assets is deducted from the present value of the defined benefit obligation for pensions and other post-employment benefits to determine the net defined benefit liability. The obligations and
plan assets are valued at regular intervals of not more than three years. Comprehensive actuarial valuations
for all major plans are performed annually as of December 31. Plan assets in excess of the benefit obligation are reflected in other receivables, subject to the asset ceiling specified in IAS 19 (Employee Benefits).
The balance of all income and expenses relating to defined benefit plans, except the net interest on the net
liability, is recognized in EBIT. The net interest is reflected in the financial result under other financial income
and expenses.
The effects of remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability are reflected in the statement of comprehensive income as other comprehensive income. They consist of actuarial gains and losses, the return on
plan assets and changes in the effects of the asset ceiling, less the respective amounts included in net
interest. Deferred taxes relating to the effects of remeasurements are also recognized in other comprehensive income.

Other provisions
Other provisions are recognized for present legal and constructive obligations arising from past events that
will probably give rise to a future outflow of resources, provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the
amount of the obligations.
If the projected obligation declines as a result of a change in the estimate, the provision is reversed by the
corresponding amount and the resulting income recognized in the operating expense item(s) in which the
original charge was recognized.
To enhance the information content of the estimates, certain provisions that could have a material effect on
the financial position or results of operations of the Group are tested for their sensitivity to changes in the
underlying parameters. To reflect uncertainty about the likelihood of the assumed events actually occurring,
the impact of a five-percentage-point change in the probability of occurrence is examined in each case.
This analysis has not shown other provisions to be materially sensitive.
Provisions for environmental protection are recorded if future cash outflows are likely to be necessary to

ensure compliance with environmental regulations or to carry out remediation work, such costs can be
reliably estimated and no future benefits are expected from such measures. Provisions for environmental
protection mainly relate to the rehabilitation of contaminated land, recultivation of landfills, and redevelopment and water protection measures.
Estimating the future costs of environmental protection and remediation involves many uncertainties, particularly with regard to the status of laws, regulations and the information available about conditions in the
various countries and at the individual sites. Significant factors in estimating the costs include previous
experiences in similar cases, conclusions drawn from expert opinions obtained regarding the Group’s environmental programs, current costs and new developments affecting costs, management’s interpretation of
current environmental laws and regulations, the number and financial position of third parties that may
become obligated to participate in any remediation costs on the basis of joint liability, and the remediation
methods likely to be deployed. Changes in these assumptions could impact future reported results of the
Group.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Taking into consideration experience gained to date regarding environmental matters of a similar nature,
provisions are believed to be adequate based upon currently available information. Given the difficulties
inherent in estimating environmental liabilities in the businesses in which the Group operates, especially
those for which the risk of environmental damage is greater in relative terms (Crop Science), it remains
possible that material additional costs will be incurred beyond the amounts accrued. It may transpire during remediation work that additional expenditures are necessary over an extended period and that these
exceed existing provisions and cannot be reasonably estimated.
Provisions for restructuring only cover expenses that arise directly from restructuring measures, are necessary for restructuring and are not related to future business operations. Such expenses include severance payments to employees and compensation payments in respect of rented property that can no longer be used.

Restructuring measures may include the sale or termination of business units, site closures, relocations of
business activities or fundamental reorganizations of business units.
Trade-related provisions are recorded mainly for the granting of rebates or discounts, product returns,

obligations in respect of services already received but not yet invoiced, and impending losses or onerous
contracts.
As a global enterprise with a diverse business portfolio, the Bayer Group is exposed to numerous legal
risks for which provisions for litigations must be established under certain conditions – particularly in the
areas of product liability, competition and antitrust law, patent disputes, tax law and environmental protection.
Litigations and other judicial proceedings often raise complex issues and are subject to many uncertainties
and complexities including, but not limited to, the facts and circumstances of each particular case, the
jurisdiction in which each suit is brought and differences in applicable law. The outcomes of currently
pending and future proceedings generally cannot be predicted. It is particularly difficult to assess the likely
outcomes of class actions for damages or mass compensation claims in the United States, which may give
rise to significant financial risks for the Bayer Group. As a result of a judgment in court proceedings, regulatory decisions or the conclusion of a settlement, the Bayer Group may incur charges for which no accounting measures have yet been taken for lack of reasonable estimability or which exceed presently established provisions and the insurance coverage.
The Bayer Group considers the need for accounting measures in respect of pending or future litigations,
and the extent of any such measures, on the basis of the information available to its legal department and
in close consultation with legal counsel acting for the Bayer Group.
Where it is more likely than not that such a litigation will result in an outflow of resources that is already
reasonably estimable, a provision for litigation is recorded in the amount of the present value of the expected cash outflows. Such provisions cover the estimated payments to the plaintiffs, court and procedural costs, attorney costs and the cost of potential settlements.
It is frequently impossible to reliably determine the existence of a present obligation or reasonably estimate
the probability that a potential outflow of resources will result from a pending or future litigation. The status
of the material “legal risks” is described in Note [32]. Due to the special nature of these litigations, provisions generally are not established until initial settlements allow an estimate of potential amounts or judgments have been issued. Provisions for legal defense costs are established if it is probable that material
costs will have to be incurred for external legal counsel to defend the company’s legal position.

229

230

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Internal and external legal counsel evaluate the current status of the Bayer Group's material legal risks at
the end of each reporting period. The need to establish or adjust a provision and the amount of the provision or adjustment are determined on this basis. Adjusting events are reflected up to the date of preparation of the consolidated financial statements. The measurement of provisions in the case of class actions
or mass compensation claims is mainly based on any settlements reached during the past year and on
pending or anticipated future claims.
Provisions for personnel commitments mainly include those for variable one-time payments under short-

term incentive programs and for stock-based compensation. Also reflected here are commitments for
service awards, early retirements and pre-retirement part-time working arrangements. Provisions for severance payments resulting from restructuring are reflected in provisions for restructuring.
Miscellaneous provisions include those for other liabilities, contingent liabilities from business combinations, and asset retirement obligations (other than those included in provisions for environmental protection).

Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities comprise financial liabilities, trade accounts payable and other liabilities that are settled
in cash and cash equivalents or other financial instruments, as well as negative fair values of derivatives.
Financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost unless they are carried at fair value. Examples include
derivatives with negative fair values or liabilities for which the fair value option has been used.
Liabilities for contingent consideration arising from business combinations are measured at fair value.
Changes in fair value are recognized through profit or loss as of the respective closing date.
Financial liabilities are derecognized when the contractual obligation is discharged or canceled, or has
expired.
Mandatory convertible notes are assessed to determine whether they should be accounted for entirely as
debt or split into an equity component and a debt component. This involves examining whether Bayer’s
early conversion rights have economic substance. These rights may have economic substance with respect to maintaining the current credit rating if early conversion can prevent a rating downgrade. In this
event, future savings of credit interest would more than offset the cost of early conversion by Bayer. If the
right to early conversion is deemed to have economic substance, components of the mandatory convertible notes are classified as equity.
The mandatory convertible notes issued are accounted for as a hybrid financial instrument. The directly
attributable costs along with the debt component, which corresponds to the present value of the future
interest payments, are deducted from the proceeds of the issue. The debt component is included in financial liabilities. The remaining amount is the equity component, which is reflected in capital reserves.
The fair value option under IAS 39.11A may be used if a bond represents a hybrid financial instrument, i.e.
if the nonderivative host contract constitutes a debt instrument, multiple derivatives are embedded in the
bond and at least one of the derivatives has to be separated from the host contract and significantly modifies the contractual cash flows.Such a bond is designated in its entirety as a financial liability at fair value
through profit or loss. Changes in its fair value are recognized in other financial income and expenses. Use
was made of this fair value option for the first time for the debt instruments issued in June 2017 (exchangeable bond 2017 / 2020), which are exchangeable into Covestro shares.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Other receivables and liabilities
Accrued items and other nonfinancial assets and liabilities are carried at amortized cost. They are amortized to income by the straight-line method or according to performance of the underlying transaction.
Grants and subsidies from third parties that serve to promote investment are reflected in the statement of
financial position under other liabilities and amortized to income over the useful lives of the respective investments or in line with the terms of the grant or subsidy.

Derivatives
The Bayer Group uses derivatives to mitigate the risk of changes in exchange rates, interest rates or prices
and to hedge stock-based compensation programs. The instruments used include forward exchange contracts, interest-rate swaps and stock options. Derivatives are recognized at the trade date.
Contracts concluded in order to receive or deliver nonfinancial items for the company’s own purposes are
not accounted for as derivatives but treated as pending transactions. Where embedded derivatives are
identified that are required to be separated from the pending transactions, they are accounted for separately. To take advantage of market opportunities or cover possible peak demand, a nonmaterial volume of
transactions may be entered into for which the possibility of immediate resale cannot be excluded. Such
transactions are allocated to separate portfolios upon acquisition and accounted for as derivatives according to IAS 39.
Derivatives are carried at fair value. Positive fair values at the end of the reporting period are reflected in
financial assets, negative fair values in financial liabilities. Changes in the fair values of these derivatives are
recognized directly in profit or loss except where hedge accounting is used.
Changes in the fair values of the effective portion of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are initially
recognized outside profit or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income. They are reclassified to
profit or loss when the underlying transaction is realized. If such a derivative is sold or ceases to qualify for
hedge accounting, the change in its value continues to be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income until the forecasted transaction is realized. If the forecasted transaction is no longer expected
to occur, the amount previously recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income is reclassified to
profit or loss. The ineffective portion of gains or losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges is
recognized either in other operating income or expenses or in the financial result, depending on the type of
underlying transaction.
Changes in the fair values of derivatives designated as fair-value hedges and the adjustments in the carrying amounts of the underlying transactions are recognized in profit or loss.
Changes in the fair values of forward exchange contracts and currency options serving as hedges of items
in the statement of financial position are reflected in other financial income and expenses as exchange
gains or losses, while changes in the values of interest-rate swaps and interest-rate options are recognized
in interest income or expense. Changes in the fair values of commodity futures and options, and of forward
exchange contracts used to hedge forecasted sales transactions in foreign currencies, are recognized in
other operating income or expenses. Changes in the fair values of stock options or forward stock transactions used to hedge stock-based employee compensation are initially recognized outside profit or loss and
subsequently reclassified to profit or loss in the functional costs over the periods of the Aspire programs.
The income and expense reflected in the financial result pertaining to the derivatives and the underlying
transactions are shown separately. Income and expense are not offset.

231

232

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Acquisition accounting
Acquired businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method, which requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded at their respective fair values on the date Bayer obtains control.
Ancillary acquisition costs are recognized as expenses in the periods in which they occur.
The application of the acquisition method requires certain estimates and assumptions to be made, especially concerning the fair values of the acquired intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and the
liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, and the useful lives of the acquired intangible assets, property,
plant and equipment.
Measurement is based to a large extent on anticipated cash flows. If actual cash flows vary from those
used in calculating fair values, this may materially affect the Group’s future results of operations. In particular, the estimation of discounted cash flows from intangible assets under development, patented and nonpatented technologies and brands is based on assumptions concerning, for example:
> The outcomes of research and development activities regarding the efficacy of a crop protection or seed

product, compound, results of clinical trials
> The probability of obtaining regulatory approvals in individual countries
> Long-term sales projections
> Possible selling price erosion due to offerings of unpatented products following patent expirations
> The behavior of competitors (launch of competing products, marketing initiatives, etc.)

For significant acquisitions, the purchase price allocation is carried out with assistance from independent
third-party valuation specialists. The valuations are based on the information available at the acquisition
date.
In step acquisitions, the fair values of the acquired entity’s assets and liabilities are measured in accordance with IFRS 3 (Business Combinations) at the date on which control is obtained. Any resulting adjustments to the fair value of the existing interest are recognized in profit or loss. The carrying amount of the
assets and liabilities already recognized in the statement of financial position is then adjusted accordingly.

Divestment accounting
Divestments of shares in subsidiaries that result in a loss of control are generally accounted for in profit or
loss. When shares in a subsidiary are gradually divested in several tranches, a reduction in the majority
shareholding without the loss of control is reflected outside profit or loss and results in an increase in the
equity attributable to noncontrolling stockholders.
After the loss of control, the interest remaining at the time of the loss of control is carried at fair value. If
Bayer AG still retains significant influence after divesting shares, the remaining interest is recognized as an
interest in an associate and is accounted for using the equity method. If Bayer can no longer exert significant influence on the company, the remaining interest is immediately classified as an available-for-sale
financial asset and recognized at fair value outside profit or loss.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Procedure used in global impairment testing and its impact
Impairment tests are performed not only on individual items of intangible assets, property, plant and
equipment, but also at the level of cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units. A cashgenerating unit is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. The Bayer Group regards its strategic
business entities or groups of strategic business entities, as well as certain product families, as cashgenerating units and subjects them to global impairment testing. The strategic business entities constitute
the second financial reporting level below the segments.
Cash-generating units and unit groups are globally tested if there is an indication of possible impairment.
Those to which goodwill is allocated are tested at least annually.
Impairment testing involves comparing the carrying amount of each cash-generating unit, unit group or
item of intangible assets, property, plant or equipment to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of its
fair value less costs of disposal or value in use. If the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount, an
impairment loss must be recognized for the difference. In this case an impairment loss is first recognized
on any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit or unit group. Any remaining part of the impairment
loss is then allocated among the other noncurrent nonfinancial assets of the cash-generating unit or unit
group in proportion to their carrying amounts. The resulting expense is reflected in the functional item of
the income statement in which the depreciation or amortization of the respective assets is recognized. The
same applies to income from impairment loss reversals.
The recoverable amount is generally determined on the basis of the fair value less costs of disposal, taking
into account the present value of the future net cash flows as market prices for the individual units are not
normally available. These are forecasted on the basis of the Bayer Group’s current planning, the planning
horizon normally being three to five years. Forecasting involves making assumptions, especially regarding
future selling prices, sales volumes, costs, market growth rates, economic cycles and exchange rates.
These assumptions are based on internal estimates along with external market studies. Where the recoverable amount is the fair value less costs of disposal, the cash-generating unit or unit group is measured
from the viewpoint of an independent market participant. Where the recoverable amount is the value in
use, the cash-generating unit, unit group or individual asset is measured as currently used. In either case,
net cash flows beyond the planning period are determined on the basis of long-term business expectations
using the respective individual growth rates derived from market information. The fair value less costs of
disposal is determined on the basis of unobservable inputs (Level 3).
The net cash inflows are discounted at a rate equivalent to the weighted average cost of equity and debt
capital. To allow for the different risk and return profiles of the Bayer Group’s principal businesses, the
after-tax cost of capital is calculated separately for each reporting segment, and a segment-specific capital
structure is defined by benchmarking against comparable companies in the same industry sector. The cost
of equity corresponds to the return expected by stockholders, while the cost of debt is based on the conditions on which comparable companies can obtain long-term financing. Both components are derived
from capital market information.

233

234

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The growth rates applied for impairment testing in 2017 and 2016 and the capital cost factors used to
discount the expected cash flows are shown in the following table:
B 4/3

Impairment Testing Parameters
Growth rate

After-tax cost of capital

2016

2017

2016

2017

0.0

0.0

5.5

5.6

Consumer Health

0.0

1.0

5.2

4.8

Crop Protection

2.1

2.0

5.3

5.4

Seeds

1.7

2.0

5.3

5.4

Environmental Science

2.4

2.0

5.3

5.4

Animal Health

0.0

1.0

5.3

5.0

%

Pharmaceuticals

No impairment losses were recognized on goodwill on the basis of the global annual impairment testing of
the cash-generating units and unit groups in 2017 or 2016. Impairment losses on intangible assets, property, plant and equipment – net of €13 million (2016: €1 million) in impairment loss reversals – totaled
€506 million (2016: €711 million). Details are provided in Notes [17] and [18].
Although the estimates of the useful lives of certain assets, assumptions concerning the macroeconomic
environment and developments in the industries in which the Bayer Group operates, and estimates of the
discounted future cash flows are believed to be appropriate, changes in assumptions or circumstances
could require changes in the analysis. This could lead to the recognition of additional impairment losses in
the future or – except in the case of goodwill – to reversals of previously recognized impairment losses if
developments are contrary to expectations.
The sensitivity analysis for cash-generating units and unit groups to which goodwill is allocated was based
on a 10% reduction in future cash flows, a 10% increase in the weighted average cost of capital or a onepercentage-point reduction in the long-term growth rate. Bayer concluded that no impairment loss would
need to be recognized on goodwill in any cash-generating unit or unit group under these conditions.

5. Segment reporting
At Bayer, the Board of Management – as the chief operating decision-maker – allocates resources to the
operating segments and assesses their performance. The reportable segments and regions are identified,
and the disclosures selected, in line with the internal financial reporting system (management approach)
and based on the Group accounting policies outlined in Note [4].
The Bayer Group lost control of the Covestro Group at the end of the third quarter of 2017 and deconsolidated Covestro. As of December 31, 2017, there are four reportable segments: Pharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Crop Science and Animal Health. Therefore, total figures for the four Life Science segments
are no longer presented separately.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The segments’ activities are as follows:
B 5/1

Activities of the Segments
Segment

Activities

Pharmaceuticals

Development, production and marketing of prescription products, especially for cardiology and women’s
healthcare; specialty therapeutics in the areas of oncology, hematology and ophthalmology; diagnostic
imaging equipment and the necessary contrast agents

Consumer Health

Development, production and marketing of mainly nonprescription (OTC = over-the-counter) products in
the dermatology, dietary supplement, analgesic, gastrointestinal, cold, allergy, sinus and flu, foot care and
sun protection categories

Crop Science

Development, production and marketing of a broad portfolio of products in seeds and plant traits, crop
protection and nonagricultural pest control

Animal Health

Development, production and marketing of prescription and nonprescription veterinary products

In the Crop Science segment, the Crop Protection / Seeds and Environmental Science operating segments
were combined, mainly in light of the comparable nature of their products for the agricultural industry, such
as in the area of crop protection and the related comparable production processes and comparable distribution methods, including via wholesalers in particular.
Business activities that cannot be allocated to any other segment are reported under “All Other Segments.” These primarily include the services provided by the service areas: Business Services and Currenta.
The items in “Corporate Functions and Consolidation” mainly comprise the Bayer holding companies and
and Leaps by Bayer (formerly the Bayer Lifescience Center), which focuses on the development of crucial,
cross-species innovations. They also include the increase or decrease in expenses for Group-wide longterm stock-based compensation arising from fluctuations in the performance of Bayer stock, and the consolidation of intersegment sales (2017: €2.4 billion; 2016: €1.4 billion).
The segment data are calculated as follows:
> Table B 1/1 “Key Data by Segment” and the present chapter contain supplementary performance

>
>
>
>

indicators that are not subject to requirements of the financial reporting standards governing the
preparation of the Combined Management Report and the consolidated financial statements. The most
important of these indicators are EBIT, EBITDA, EBIT before special items, EBITDA before special items,
and the return on capital employed (ROCE). These supplementary indicators are defined, and their
calculation explained, in Chapter 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group” of
the Combined Management Report in the Bayer Annual Report 2017.
The intersegment sales reflect intra-Group transactions effected at transfer prices fixed on an arm’slength basis.
The net cash provided by operating activities is the cash flow from operating activities as defined in
IAS 7 (Statement of Cash Flows).
The segment assets comprise all assets serving the respective segment, stated as of December 31,
including material participating interests of direct relevance to business operations.
The equity items reflect the earnings and carrying amounts of investments accounted for using the
equity method.

235

236

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Reconciliations
The reconciliations of EBITDA before special items, EBIT before special items and EBIT to Group income
before income taxes and of the segments’ assets to Group assets are given in the following tables:
B 5/2

Reconciliation of Segments’ EBITDA Before Special Items to Group Income Before Income Taxes
€ million

2016

2017

EBITDA before special items of segments

9,656

9,724

EBITDA before special items of Corporate Functions and Consolidation

(338)

(436)

EBITDA before special items 1

9,318

9,288

Depreciation, amortization and impairment losses / loss reversals before special items of segments

(2,486)

(2,145)

Depreciation, amortization and impairment losses / loss reversals before special items of Corporate
Functions and Consolidation

(6)

(13)

Depreciation, amortization and impairment losses / loss reversals before special items

(2,492)

(2,158)

EBIT before special items of segments

7,170

7,579

EBIT before special items of Corporate Functions and Consolidation

(344)

(449)

EBIT before special items 1

6,826

7,130

Special items of segments

(1,068)

(1,190)

Special items of Corporate Functions and Consolidation

(20)

(37)

Special items 1

(1,088)

(1,227)

EBIT of segments

6,102

6,389

EBIT of Corporate Functions and Consolidation

(364)

(486)

EBIT 1

5,738

5,903

Financial result

(965)

(1,326)

Income before income taxes

4,773

4,577

2016 figures restated
1
For definition, see Combined Management Report, Chapter 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

B 5/3

Reconciliation of Segments’ Assets to Group Assets
€ million

Assets of the operating segments
Corporate Functions and Consolidation assets

2016

2017

66,252

52,896

507

4,207

Nonallocated assets

15,479

17,984

Group assets

82,238

75,087

Prior-year figures include Covestro

The reconciliation of the segments’ sales to Group sales is apparent from the table of key data by segment
in Note [1].

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements

237

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Information on geographical areas
The following table provides a regional breakdown of external sales by market and of intangible assets,
property, plant and equipment:
B 5/4

Information on Geographical Areas
Net sales (external) – by market

Intangible assets and property,
plant and equipment

2016

2017

2016

2017

13,062

13,388

23,438

21,356

of which Germany

3,329

3,392

12,468

10,856

of which Switzerland

510

485

5,047

5,190

10,066

10,143

14,693

10,354

€ million

Europe / Middle East / Africa

North America
of which United States
Asia / Pacific
of which China
Latin America
of which Brazil
Total

8,706

8,561

14,297

10,056

7,413

7,637

4,116

1,771

2,441

2,594

2,938

853

4,402

3,847

746

577

2,173

1,647

340

209

34,943

35,015

42,993

34,058

2016 figures restated

Information on major customers
Revenues from transactions with a single customer in no case exceeded 10% of Bayer Group sales in
2017 or 2016.

6. Scope of consolidation; subsidiaries and affiliates
6.1 Changes in the scope of consolidation
Changes in the scope of consolidation in 2017 were as follows:
B 6.1/1

Change in Number of Consolidated Companies
Germany

Other
countries

Total

December 31, 2016

64

237

301

Changes in scope of consolidation

(9)

(39)

(48)

Retirements

(5)

(11)

(16)

December 31, 2017

50

187

237

Bayer AG and consolidated companies

The decrease in the total number of consolidated companies in 2017 was primarily due to the deconsolidation of Covestro. Covestro AG has since been accounted for as an associate in the consolidated financial statements.
In conjunction with the acquisition of the consumer care business of Merck & Co., Inc., United States,
Bayer entered into a strategic collaboration with that company in 2014. This collaboration is included in the
consolidated financial statements as a joint operation. Bayer and Merck & Co., Inc., have mutually agreed
to collaborate on the development, production, life-cycle management and marketing of active ingredients
and products in the field of soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) modulation.

GRI G4-17

238

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Four (2016: five) associates and eight (2016: six) joint ventures were accounted for in the consolidated
financial statements using the equity method. Details of these companies are given in Note [19].
Flagship Ventures V Agricultural Fund, L.P., United States, was included in the consolidated financial
statements for the first time in 2015 and classified as an associate. Bayer has no control over this associate despite owning 99.9% of the capital, but is able to significantly influence its financial and operating
policy decisions.
Bayer Trendlines Ag Innovation Fund, Limited Partnership, Israel, was included in the consolidated financial
statements for the first time in 2016 and classified as an associate. Bayer is a limited partner and has no
control over this entity due to contractual restrictions, despite owning 100% of the capital.
Nanjing Baijingyu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., China, was classified as an associate in view of Bayer’s representation on its executive committee and supervisory board. This enables Bayer to significantly influence
its financial and operating policy decisions despite owning only 15% of its voting rights and capital.
A total of 76 (2016: 72) subsidiaries, including one (2016: one) structured entities and 12 (2016: 12) associates or joint ventures that in aggregate are immaterial to the Bayer Group’s financial position and results
of operations are neither consolidated nor accounted for using the equity method, but are recognized at
cost. The immaterial subsidiaries accounted for less than 0.1% of Group sales, less than 0.2% of equity
and less than 0.1% of total assets.
Details of the companies included in the consolidated financial statements, the subsidiary and affiliated
companies of the Bayer Group pursuant to Section 313, Paragraph 2 of the German Commercial Code,
and a list of domestic subsidiaries that availed themselves in 2017 of certain exemptions granted under
Section 264, Paragraph 3, and Section 264b of the German Commercial Code, are included in the audited
consolidated financial statements that have been submitted for publication in the electronic version of the
Federal Gazette. This information can also be accessed at www.bayer.com/owner17.

6.2 Business combinations and other acquisitions
Business combinations and other acquisitions in 2017
The purchase price of the acquisition made in 2017 was €158 million (2016: minus €5 million). The purchase price of the acquired businesses was settled mainly in cash. Goodwill amounted to €51 million
(2016: €9 million). It resulted from the following transaction:
On January 3, 2017, Bayer Animal Health acquired the Cydectin™ portfolio in the United States from
Boehringer Ingelheim Vetmedica, Inc., St. Joseph, Missouri, United States. The acquisition comprises the
CYDECTIN Pour-On, CYDECTIN Injectable and CYDECTIN Oral Drench endectocides for cattle and sheep.
The acquisition is intended to strengthen the antiparasitics portfolio in the United States through the addition of endectocides. A purchase price of €158 million was agreed. The purchase price pertained mainly to
trademarks and goodwill, which, as expected, is fully tax-deductible.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The effects of this transaction – as of the acquisition date – on the Group’s assets and liabilities in 2017
are shown in the following table. The transaction resulted in the following cash outflow:
B 6.2/1

Acquired Assets and Assumed Liabilities (Fair Values at the Respective Acquisition Dates)
€ million

2016

2017

Goodwill

9

51

Patents and technologies

1

–

Trademarks

–

85

–

4

Production rights
R&D projects

(24)

–

Inventories

–

18

Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits

1

–

Deferred tax liabilities

8

–

Net assets

(5)

158

Purchase price

(5)

158

Net cash (inflow) outflow for acquisitions

(5)

158

In fiscal 2017, the Cydectin™ business contributed €31 million to the sales of the Bayer Group. After-tax
income of €5 million was recorded for the Cydectin™ business from the date of first-time consolidation.
This includes the financing costs incurred since the acquisition date.
On September 13, 2017, Bayer and Gingko Bioworks, Inc., Boston, Massachusetts, United States, founded the joint venture Cooksonia Opco LLC, Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The joint venture will
focus on technologies to improve plant-associated microbes with a major focus on nitrogen fixation, which
is important in agriculture. Capital contribution liabilities of US$70 million to Cooksonia Opco LLC were
recognized in the statement of financial position as of December 31, 2017. These liabilities mature on December 31, 2024, at the latest. US$10 million was contributed in 2017.

Planned acquisitions
On September 14, 2016, Bayer signed a definitive merger agreement with Monsanto Company, St. Louis,
Missouri, United States, which provides for Bayer’s acquisition of all outstanding shares in Monsanto
Company against a cash payment of US$128 per share. At the time this corresponded to an expected
transaction volume of approximately US$66 billion, comprising an equity value (purchase price) of approximately US$56 billion and net debt to be assumed in an amount of US$10 billion, which includes pension
obligations as of May 31, 2016, as well as liabilities for payments under stock-based compensation programs. Based on Monsanto’s interim report as at November 30, 2017, the transaction value currently
amounts to US$62 billion. Bayer thus has a contingent financial commitment in the amount of approximately US$56 billion to acquire Monsanto’s entire outstanding capital stock. The planned transaction has
been partially hedged against the euro / U.S. dollar currency risk using derivatives contracts.
The transaction brings together two different, but highly complementary businesses. Monsanto is a leading
global provider of agricultural products, including seeds and seed technologies, herbicides, and digital
platforms to give farmers agronomic recommendations. The combined business will offer a comprehensive
portfolio of seed and crop protection products for a broad range of crops and indications, along with supporting digital farming applications. The combination also brings together both companies’ leading innovation capabilities and R&D technology platforms.
Syndicated bank financing of US$56.9 billion was committed by Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Credit
Suisse, Goldman Sachs, HSBC and JP Morgan upon the signing of the merger agreement. The credit
facility was subsequently syndicated to more than 20 other partner banks of Bayer. Further refinancing of
the purchase price is to be achieved through a capital increase, the issuance of bonds and existing liquidity. In November 2016, Bayer successfully placed mandatory convertible notes with a nominal value of €4
billion. The credit facility was reduced by the net proceeds from the mandatory convertible notes in 2016

239

240

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

and by the net proceeds from an exchangeable bond in June 2017. As of December 31, 2017, the credit
facility amounts to US$51.5 billion.
The stockholders of Monsanto Company approved the merger with the requisite majority on December 13,
2016. The transaction remains subject to customary closing conditions, including relevant antitrust and
other regulatory approvals. With the support of Monsanto, Bayer has initiated the process of obtaining the
required regulatory approvals. In 2017, Bayer obtained regulatory approvals in 16 countries.
In connection with this transaction, Bayer reached an agreement with BASF in October 2017 regarding the
sale of selected Crop Science businesses. Further information can be found in Note [6.3].
The merger agreement also provides for payment by Bayer of a US$2 billion reverse break fee, in particular, in the event that the transaction has not been closed at the latest by June 14, 2018, because a necessary antitrust approval has not been granted and Bayer or Monsanto therefore terminates the merger
agreement.

Acquisitions in 2016
The following acquisitions and adjustments to purchase price allocations were reported in 2016:
In the course of the global purchase price allocation for SeedWorks India Pvt. Ltd, Hyderabad, India, which
was acquired in July 2015, improved information obtained about the acquired assets in the first quarter of
2016 led to decreases of €23 million in intangible assets and €8 million in deferred tax liabilities and a corresponding increase of €13 million in goodwill in the opening statement of financial position. In addition,
the purchase price declined by €2 million to €78 million following completion of the final purchase price
negotiations.
On February 12, 2016, Bayer and CRISPR Therapeutics AG, Basel, Switzerland, established the joint venture Casebia Therapeutics LLP, Ascot, United Kingdom. Its purpose is the development and commercialization of new methods to treat blood disorders, blindness and heart diseases.
On December 9, 2016, Bayer and Versant Ventures, San Francisco, United States, established the joint
venture BlueRock Therapeutics LP, San Francisco, United States. The joint venture will be active in the field
of next-generation regenerative medicine. Its goal is to develop induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) therapies to cure a range of diseases.

6.3 Divestments, material sale transactions and discontinued operations
Divestments in 2017
The effects of divestments in 2017 on the consolidated financial statements were as follows:
In October 2015, Bayer successfully floated the former MaterialScience subgroup on the stock market
under the name “Covestro”. In view of the remaining majority interest, Covestro was fully consolidated in
the Bayer Group until the end of September 2017.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Following various share sales, the interest held directly by Bayer was reduced to 24.6% by the end of September 2017. The buyers of the approximately 14 million shares sold on September 29, 2017, agreed to
be bound by a lock-up arrangement pursuant to which they would not sell the shares they purchased until
at least December 11, 2017. Under the contractual agreement, Bayer retained economic exposure to the
price of the shares. Bayer Pension Trust holds a further 8.9% of the equity of Covestro AG.
In addition, Bayer and Covestro signed a control termination agreement at the end of September, as part
of which Bayer undertakes not to exercise certain voting rights at the Covestro Annual General Meeting.
Bayer therefore ceded de facto control of Covestro at the end of September 2017. Accordingly, the
Covestro Group was deconsolidated at the end of the third quarter and, in view of Bayer’s remaining significant influence, was recognized for the first time as an associate. Further details of the accounting for the
Covestro Group as an associate using the equity method are given in Note [19]. Details of share sales are
provided in Note [24].
At the end of September, the fair value of the remaining interest, €3.6 billion, was determined on the basis
of the share price. The deconsolidation and remeasurement of the remaining interest in Covestro resulted
in overall income before taxes of €3.1 billion, which is included in income from discontinued operations.
This figure reflects a gain of €2.4 billion from the remeasurement of the remaining interest, a gain of
€0.5 billion from the deconsolidation, and a gain of €0.2 billion from the performance of the shares sold on
September 29, 2017, in the fourth quarter of 2017. The overall gain after taxes amounted to €3.0 billion. A
deferred tax expense of €32 million was accounted for as part of the remeasurement of the remaining
interest. In addition, an amount of minus €0.6 billion recognized in other comprehensive income was reclassified to retained earnings attributable to Bayer AG stockholders.
The aforementioned divestment and additional smaller divestments had the following effect in 2017:
B 6.3/1

Divested Assets and Liabilities
€ million

2016

2017

Goodwill

36

254

Patents and technologies

4

18

Marketing and distribution rights

16

28

Other rights

–

33

Property, plant and equipment

–

4,206

Other noncurrent assets

–

233

Deferred taxes

–

506

184

1,840

Other current assets

–

3,005

Assets held for sale

–

3

Cash and cash equivalents

–

637

Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits

(28)

(1,201)

Other provisions

(97)

(779)

Financial liabilities

–

(1,809)

–

(1,715)

115

5,259

Inventories

Other liabilities
Divested net assets

Discontinued operations
Following the loss of control, Covestro fulfilled the conditions for presentation as a discontinued operation
for all of the periods prior to deconsolidation, including the prior year.

241

242

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The sale of the Diabetes Care business to Panasonic Healthcare Holdings Co., Ltd., Tokyo, Japan, for
approximately €1 billion was completed on January 4, 2016. The sale included the leading Contour™ portfolio of blood glucose meters and strips, other blood glucose monitoring sysems such as Breeze™2 and
Elite™, and Microlet™ lancing devices.
The sale of the Diabetes Care business also comprised further significant obligations by Bayer that were
fulfilled over a period of up to two years subsequent to the date of divestment. The sale proceeds were
recognized accordingly until the end of 2017 and reported as income from discontinued operations. Deferred income was recognized in the statement of financial position and was dissolved as the obligations
were fulfilled. Of this, an amount of €462 million was recognized in sales in 2017.
The obligations fulfilled over a period of up to two years after the divestment of the Diabetes Care business
are also reported as discontinued operations in the income statement and the statement of cash flows.
They resulted in sales of €39 million in 2017.
The items in the statement of financial position pertaining to the Diabetes Care business are shown in the
segment reporting under “All Other Segments.” The statement of financial position includes other receivables (net: €3 million), income tax liabilities (€57 million) and miscellaneous provisions (€2 million).
The sale of the Consumer business (CS Consumer) of Bayer’s Environmental Science unit to SBM
Développement SAS, Lyon, France, was completed on October 4, 2016. These activities were reported as
discontinued operations from the second half of 2016.
The income statements for the discontinued operations are given below:
B 6.3/2

Income Statements for Discontinued Operations
Covestro

Diabetes Care

CS Consumer

Total

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

Net sales

11,826

10,556

573

501

195

–

12,594

11,057

Cost of goods sold

(8,539)

(6,973)

(146)

(28)

(121)

–

(8,806)

(7,001)

Gross profit

3,287

3,583

427

473

74

–

3,788

4,056

Selling expenses

(1,326)

(1,016)

(9)

(4)

(83)

–

(1,418)

(1,020)

Research and development expenses

(261)

(200)

(1)

–

(11)

–

(273)

(200)

General administration expenses

(452)

(345)

(12)

(8)

(9)

–

(473)

(353)

Other operating income / expenses

56

3,150

(4)

(3)

(55)

–

(3)

3,147

EBIT 1

1,304

5,172

401

458

(84)

–

1,621

5,630

Financial result

(190)

(124)

–

–

–

–

(190)

(124)

Income before income taxes

1,114

5,048

401

458

(84)

–

1,431

5,506

Income taxes

(312)

(580)

(76)

(80)

27

–

(361)

(660)

Income after income taxes

802

4,468

325

378

(57)

–

1,070

4,846

of which attributable to
noncontrolling interest

282

759

–

–

–

–

282

759

of which attributable to Bayer AG
stockholders (net income)

520

3,709

325

378

(57)

–

788

4,087

€ million

1

For definition, see Combined Management Report, Chapter 2.4 “Alternative Performance Measures Used by the Bayer Group.”

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The cash flows for the discontinued operations are as follows:
B 6.3/3

Cash Flows from Discontinued Operations
Covestro

Diabetes Care

CS Consumer

Total

€ million

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

Net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities

1,824

1,473

788

50

42

–

2,654

1,523

Net cash provided by (used in)
investing activities

(1,020)

(742)

–

–

–

–

(1,020)

(742)

Net cash provided by (used in)
financing activities

1,014

(224)

(788)

(50)

(42)

–

184

(274)

Change in cash and cash equivalents

1,818

507

–

–

–

–

1,818

507

As no cash was assigned to the discontinued operations Diabetes Care and CS Consumer, the balance of
the cash provided is deducted again in financing activities.

Assets held for sale
In connection with the planned acquisition of Monsanto, Bayer signed an agreement with BASF on October 13, 2017, concerning the sale of selected Crop Science businesses. The businesses to be sold comprise Bayer’s global glufosinate ammonium business and the related LibertyLink TM technology for herbicide
tolerance, a substantial part of the field crop seed business, including the related research and development capabilities. The seeds business being divested includes the global cotton seed business (excluding
India and South Africa), the North American and European canola seed business, and the soybean seed
business. The agreed base purchase price of €5.9 billion excludes the value of any net working capital and
is subject to the customary adjustment mechanisms.
The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals as well as the successful closing of Bayer’s acquisition of
Monsanto. Bayer will continue to own, operate and maintain these businesses until the divestment is concluded.
The assets and liabilities held for sale are presented below:
B 6.3/4

Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale
€ million

Dec. 31, 2017

Goodwill

479

Other intangible assets
Property, plant and equipment
Other receivables

287
1,062
41

Deferred taxes

63

Inventories

149

Assets held for sale

2,081

Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits

11

Other provisions

79

Financial liabilities

14

Other liabilities

4

Deferred taxes
Liabilities directly related to assets held for sale

3
111

243

244

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Notes to the Income Statements
7. Net sales
Net sales are derived primarily from product deliveries. Total reported net sales for 2017 amounted to
€35,015 million, rising by €72 million, or 0.2%, compared with 2016. The increase resulted from the following factors:
B 7/1

Factors in Sales Development
2017
€ million

%

Volume

810

+ 2.3

Price

(269)

– 0.8

Currency

(490)

– 1.4

Portfolio

21

+ 0.1

Total

72

+ 0.2

Breakdowns of net sales by segment and geographical area are given in the table in Note [1] and in
Note [5], respectively.

8. Selling expenses
Selling expenses comprise all expenses incurred in the reporting period for the sale, storage and transportation of saleable products, advertising, the provision of advice to customers, and market research.

9. Research and development expenses
Research and development expenses and their accounting treatment are defined in Note [4]. Breakdowns
of research and development expenses by segment and region are given in Note [1].

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

10. Other operating income
Other operating income was comprised as follows:
B 10/1

Other Operating Income
2016

2017

Gains on retirements of noncurrent assets

64

173

Reversal of impairment losses on receivables

18

23

Reversals of unutilized provisions

122

26

Gains from derivatives

255

291

Miscellaneous operating income

328

351

Total

787

864

115

14

€ million

of which special items
2016 figures restated

Gains on retirements of noncurrent assets included an €81 million gain from the sale of trademark rights
for the Vagitrol™, Benadon™, Claradol™, Transipeg™ and Colopeg™ brands and some smaller brands
(Consumer Health segment). In addition, a €49 million gain was realized on the sale of capitalized transfer
rights by Bayer 04 Leverkusen Fußball GmbH (All Other Segments), Germany. In the Crop Science segment, a license agreement for herbicide active ingredients with FMC Corporation, United States resulted in
income of €18 million..
Miscellaneous operating income includes a receivable relating to the nonfulifillment of a purchase obligation
by one of our distribution partners in the amount of €34 million (Pharmaceuticals segment). The Crop Science segment received €25 million from insurers. A further €13 million was generated by the sale of research data following patent expirations (Crop Science segment). The transfer of a database to the joint
venture Cooksonia Opco LLC, United States, with Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc., United States, brought additional
income of €9 million for the Crop Science segment. In addition, a claim for damages of €8 million resulting
from an infringement of a patent for Yasmin TM was recorded in the Pharmaceuticals segment.
Income from reversals of unutilized provisions included €9 million from the reversal of provisions for the
YasminTM / YAZTM litigation (2016: €104 million).
Furthermore, in 2016 miscellaneous operating income included a gain of €32 million at Bayer 04 Leverkusen Fußball GmbH from the sale of non-capitalized transfer rights (All Other Segments). In the Crop
Science segment, milestone payments led to income of €21 million. In the Pharmaceuticals segment, a
€14 million compensation payment was received in connection with the closure of the production site in
Putuo, China. A €10 million gain (All Other Segments) was incurred on the sale of the BAYQUIK™ technology to Chemetics, Inc., Canada (Corporate Functions segment).

245

246

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

11. Other operating expenses
Other operating expenses were comprised as follows:
B 11/1

Other Operating Expenses
€ million

2016

Losses on retirements of noncurrent assets

(19)

(39)

Impairment losses on receivables

(163)

(139)

Expenses related to significant legal risks

(262)

(258)

Losses from derivatives

(171)

(258)

Miscellaneous operating expenses

(264)

(254)

Total

(879)

(948)

(205)

(202)

of which special items

2017

2016 figures restated

Of the impairment losses on receivables, €74 million (2016: €115 million) pertained to past-due receivables
in Brazil.
The expenses related to significant legal risks amounted to €258 million in 2017 (2016: €262 million),
which, as in the previous year, primarily included expenses in connection with litigation relating to the
produts XareltoTM, EssureTM and CiproTM / Avelox TM.
Miscellaneous operating expenses included donations to charitable causes (all segments) and subsidies for
patient assistance programs with government agencies and partners of health care systems (Pharmaceuticals segment) in the amount €52 million (2016: €43 million). A settlement relating to a seed license agreement led to an expense of €14 million (Crop Science segment). Further expenses of €11 million were incurred in connection with intellectual property and patent disputes about a herbicide active ingredient
(Crop Science segment). In addition, expenses of €11 million were recorded for restructuring at Currenta
GmbH & Co. OHG, Germany (All Other Segments).
The remaining amount of miscellaneous operating expenses comprised a large number of individually immaterial items at the subsidiaries.
In 2016, miscellaneous operating expenses included €34 million for provisions established by the Crop
Science segment for environmental protection measures in the United States.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

12. Personnel expenses and employee numbers
Personnel expenses for continuing operations rose in 2017 by €69 million to €9,528 million (2016:
€9,459 million). The change was mainly due to higher expenses in connection with compensation adjustments, which were partially offset by lower employee bonuses.
B 12/1

Personnel Expenses
€ million

2016

2017

Salaries

7,602

7,567

Social expenses and expenses for pensions and other benefits

1,857

1,961

of which for defined contribution pension plans

491

488

of which for defined benefit and other pension plans

389

445

9,459

9,528

Total
2016 figures restated

The personnel expenses shown here do not contain the interest portion of the allocation to personnelrelated provisions – mainly for pensions and other post-employment benefits – which is included in the
financial result under other financial expenses (Note [13.3]).
The average numbers of employees, classified by corporate function, were as shown in the table below:
B 12/2

Employees
2016

2017

Production

40,397

39,298

Marketing and distribution

37,270

37,147

Research and development

13,999

13,958

General administration

8,322

9,359

Total

99,988

99,762

Apprentices

1,998

1,918

2016 figures restated

The number of employees on either permanent or temporary contracts is stated in full-time equivalents
(FTE), with part-time employees included on a pro-rated basis in line with their contractual working hours.
The figures do not include apprentices.

13. Financial result
The financial result for 2017 was minus €1,326 million (2016: minus €965 million), comprising equitymethod income of €20 million (2016: loss of €6 million), financial expenses of €1,635 million (2016:
€1,108 million) and financial income of €289 million (2016: €149 million). Details of the components of the
financial result are provided in the following sections.

247

248

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

13.1 Income (loss) from investments in affiliated companies
The net income (loss) from investments in affiliated companies was comprised as follows:
B 13.1/1

Income (Loss) from Investments in Affiliated Companies
2016

2017

(6)

20

Impairment losses on investments in affiliated companies

(2)

(1)

Losses from the sale of investments in affiliated companies

–

(1)

€ million

Net income (loss) from investments accounted for using the equity method
(equity-method income / loss)
Expenses

Income
Impairment loss reversals on investments in affiliated companies

–

5

Income / losses from investments in affiliated companies and from profit and
loss transfer agreements (net)

–

2

Gains from the sale of investments in affiliated companies

6

5

Total

(2)

30

2016 figures restated

The main components of the income from investments in affiliated companies were the equity-method
income of €51 million from the remaining interest in Covestro and the equity-method losses of €16 million
(2016: €4 million) and €15 million (2016: €3 million), respectively, from the Casebia Group and the
BlueRock joint ventures.
Further details of the companies accounted for using the equity method are given in Note [19].

13.2 Net interest expense
The net interest expense was comprised as follows:
B 13.2/1

Net Interest Expense
€ million

2016

2017

(638)

(682)

(3)

(3)

135

272

Expenses
Interest and similar expenses
Interest expenses for derivatives (held for trading)
Income
Interest and similar income
Interest income from derivatives (held for trading)
Total

2

–

(504)

(413)

2016 figures restated

Interest and similar expenses included interest expense of €54 million (2016: €41 million) relating to nonfinancial liabilities. Interest and similar income included interest income of €96 million (2016: €10 million)
from nonfinancial assets.
The change in the liability for redeemable noncontrolling interest is reflected in interest income or expense.
In 2017, a €49 million (2016: €0 million) increase in this liability was recognized as interest expense.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

13.3 Other financial income and expenses
Other financial income and expenses were comprised as follows:
B 13.3/1

Other Financial Income and Expenses
2016

2017

Interest portion of interest-bearing provisions

(251)

(189)

Exchange loss

(121)

(326)

Miscellaneous financial expenses

(93)

(433)

€ million

Expenses

Income
Miscellaneous financial income
Total

6

5

(459)

(943)

2016 figures restated

The interest portion of noncurrent provisions comprised €191 million (2016: €236 million) in interest expense for pension and other post-employment benefit provisions and a positive amount of €2 million
(2016: minus €15 million) in effects of interest expense and interest-rate fluctuations for other provisions
and corresponding overfunding. The interest expense for pension and other post-employment benefit provisions included €539 million (2016: €640 million) for the unwinding of discount on the present value of the
defined benefit obligation and €348 million (2016: €404 million) in interest income from plan assets.
The miscellaneous financial expenses included €210 million in commitment fees and other fees related to
the syndicated bank financing for the planned acquisition of Monsanto. The €172 million in negative fair
value changes of the debt instruments (exchangeable bond) issued in June 2017 was also recognized in
miscellaneous financial expenses.

14. Taxes
The breakdown of tax expenses by origin was as follows:
B 14/1

Tax Expense by Origin

€ million

2016

2017

Of which
income
taxes

Of which
income
taxes

Taxes paid or accrued
Current income taxes
Germany

(864)

(794)

Other countries

(725)

(737)

Other taxes
Germany

(80)

(87)

Other countries

(137)

(118)

(1,806)

(1,589)

(1,736)

(1,531)

Deferred taxes
from temporary differences
from tax loss and interest carryforwards
and tax credits
Total
2016 figures restated

524

70

48

132

572

572

202

202

(1,234)

(1,017)

(1,534)

(1,329)

249

250

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The other taxes mainly include land, vehicle and other indirect taxes. They are reflected in the respective
functional cost items.
The deferred tax assets and liabilities were allocable to the following items in the statements of
financial position:
B 14/2

Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
Dec. 31, 2016

€ million

Intangible assets

Deferred
tax assets

Dec. 31, 2017

Deferred
tax
Deferred
liabilities tax assets

Deferred
tax
liabilities

1,478

1,766

799

1,469

Property, plant and equipment

264

692

79

323

Financial assets

240

224

204

81

Inventories

1,267

32

1,117

15

Receivables

71

547

60

464

Other assets

39

13

39

2

Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits

3,637

983

2,520

367

Other provisions

1,083

112

610

64

793

133

534

101
–

Liabilities
Tax loss and interest carryforwards

473

486

Tax credits

177

200

–

9,522

4,502

6,648

2,886

7,868

3,662

5,194

2,214

Set-off

(3,172)

(3,172)

(1,733)

(1,733)

Total

6,350

1,330

4,915

1,153

of which noncurrent

Deferred taxes on remeasurements, recognized outside profit or loss, of the net liability for defined benefit
pension and other post-employment benefits diminished equity by €515 million (2016: increased equity by
€228 million). Deferred taxes on changes, recognized outside profit or loss, in fair values of available-forsale financial assets and derivatives designated as hedges increased equity by €56 million (2016: diminished equity by €24 million). These effects on equity are reported in the statement of comprehensive income.
The use of tax loss carryforwards reduced current income taxes in 2017 by €47 million (2016: €82 million).
The use of tax credits reduced current income taxes by €16 million (2016: €16 million).
Of the total tax loss and interest carryforwards of €6,443 million, including interest carryforwards of
€148 million (2016: €5,447 million, including interest carryforwards of €118 million), an amount of
€2,890 million, including interest carryforwards of €1 million (2016: €2,269 million, including interest carryforwards of €0 million) is expected to be usable within a reasonable period. The increase in tax loss and
interest carryforwards was mainly due to the current development of business in the United States and
Brazil. Deferred tax assets of €486 million (2016: €473 million) were recognized for the amount of tax loss
and interest carryforwards expected to be usable.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The use of €3,553 million of tax loss and interest carryforwards, including interest carryforwards of
€147 million (2016: €3,178 million, including interest carryforwards of €118 million) was subject to legal or
economic restrictions. Consequently, no deferred tax assets were recognized for this amount. If these tax
loss and interest carryforwards had been fully usable, deferred tax assets of €351 million (2016:
€294 million) would have been recognized.
Tax credits of €200 million were recognized in 2017 (2016: €177 million) as deferred tax assets. The use of
€28 million (2016: €37 million) of tax credits was subject to legal or economic restrictions. Consequently,
no deferred tax assets were recognized for this amount.
Unusable tax credits, tax loss carryforwards and interest carryforwards will expire as follows:
B 14/3

Expiration of Unusable Tax Credits, Tax Loss and Interest Carryforwards
Tax credits

Tax loss and interest
carryforwards

Dec. 31,
2016

Dec. 31,
2017

Within one year

4

4

4

17

Within two years

–

–

1

15

Within three years

4

–

31

114

Within four years

–

1

132

28

Within five years

29

19

31

70

€ million

Dec. 31,
2016

Dec. 31,
2017

Thereafter

–

4

2,979

3,309

Total

37

28

3,178

3,553

In 2017, subsidiaries that reported losses for 2017 or 2016 recognized net deferred tax assets totaling
€2,303 million (2016: €2,575 million) from temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards. These assets
were considered to be unimpaired because the companies concerned were expected to generate taxable
income in the future.
Deferred tax liabilities of €22 million were recognized in 2017 (2016: €41 million) for planned dividend payments by subsidiaries. Deferred tax liabilities were not recognized for differences on €18,272 million (2016:
€20,069 million) of retained earnings of subsidiaries because these earnings are to be reinvested for an
indefinite period.
The reported tax expense of €1,329 million for 2017 (2016: €1,017 million) differed by minus €246 million
(2016: €135 million) from the expected tax expense of €1,083 million (2016: €1,152 million) that would
have resulted from applying an expected weighted average tax rate to the pre-tax income of the Group.
This average rate, derived from the expected tax rates of the individual Group companies, was 23.7% in
2017 (2016: 24.1%). The effective tax rate was 29.0% (2016: 21.3%).

251

252

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The reconciliation of expected to reported income tax expense and of the expected to the effective tax rate
for the Group was as follows:
B 14/4

Reconciliation of Expected to Actual Income Tax Expense
2016

2017

€ million

%

€ million

%

1,152

24.1

1,083

23.7

(127)

(2.6)

(135)

(3.0)

(1)

–

(16)

(0.3)

First-time recognition of previously unrecognized deferred tax assets on
tax loss and interest carryforwards

(17)

(0.4)

(31)

(0.7)

Use of tax loss and interest carryforwards on which deferred tax assets
were not previously recognized

(2)

–

(4)

(0.1)

Expected income tax expense and expected tax rate
Reduction in taxes due to tax-free income
Income related to the operating business
Income from affiliated companies and divestment proceeds

Increase in taxes due to non-tax-deductible expenses
Expenses related to the operating business

142

3.0

168

3.7

Impairment losses on investments in affiliated companies

2

–

–

–

New tax loss and interest carryforwards unlikely to be usable

43

0.9

69

1.5

Existing tax loss and interest carryforwards on which deferred tax assets
were previously recognized but which are unlikely to be usable

6

0.1

1

–

Tax income (–) and expenses (+) relating to other periods

(76)

(1.6)

(128)

(2.8)

Tax effects of changes in tax rates

(5)

(0.1)

384

8.4

Other tax effects

(100)

(2.1)

(62)

(1.4)

Actual income tax expense and effective tax rate

1,017

21.3

1,329

29.0

2016 figures restated

The reported tax expense contains a one-time effect in the amount of €455 million that results solely from
the U.S. tax reform passed on December 22, 2017, which provides for a reduction in the corporate tax
rate from 35% to 21% from January 1, 2018, leading to a remeasurement of all deferred tax assets and
liabilities associated with U.S. companies. This resulted in deferred tax expense of €409 million for 2017
due to changes in tax rates. The additional tax on nonrepatriated profits, which previously had not been
taxed in the United States, led to prior-period tax expenses of €46 million.

15. Income / losses attributable to noncontrolling interest
Income attributable to noncontrolling interest amounted to €791 million (2016: €468 million). Losses attributable to noncontrolling interest amounted to €33 million (2016: €173 million). As in the previous years,
the income and losses primarily related to Covestro.

16. Earnings per share
Earnings per share from continuing operations are determined according to IAS 33 (Earnings per Share) by
dividing net income (income after income taxes attributable to Bayer AG stockholders) minus income from
discontinued operations after income taxes (attributable to Bayer AG stockholders) by the weighted average number of shares. Earnings per share for continuing and discontinued operations are calculated by
dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

In November 2016, Bayer placed €4.0 billion in mandatory convertible notes without granting subscription
rights to existing stockholders of the company. According to IAS 33.23, the weighted average number of
shares increases as soon as the notes contract is signed, and this increase must be taken into account in
calculating undiluted and diluted earnings per share. The new weighted average number of shares is based
on a minimum conversion price that is adjusted annually due to the dividend payment and determines the
maximum conversion ratio. The minimum conversion price stood at €87.82 as of December 31, 2017 (December 31, 2016: €90.00). Undiluted and diluted earnings per share are not adjusted for financing expenses incurred in connection with the mandatory convertible notes because the interest component was
recognized outside profit or loss when the notes were placed. Further details of the mandatory convertible
notes are provided in Note [24].
Since the undiluted and diluted earnings per share were determined for each interim reporting period,
earnings per share for the full year or year to date may differ from the sum of the earnings per share for the
respective interim reporting periods.
B 16/1

Earnings per Share
€ million

2016

2017

Income from continuing operations after income taxes

3,756

3,248

of which attributable to noncontrolling interest

13

(1)

of which attributable to Bayer AG stockholders

3,743

3,249

1,070

4,846

Income from discontinued operations after income taxes
of which attributable to noncontrolling interest

282

759

of which attributable to Bayer AG stockholders

788

4,087

4,826

8,094

Income after income taxes
of which attributable to noncontrolling interest
of which attributable to Bayer AG stockholders (net income)

Weighted average number of shares

295

758

4,531

7,336

Shares

Shares

832,502,808 872,107,808

Earnings per share (€)
From continuing operations
Basic

4.50

3.73

Diluted

4.50

3.73

Basic

0.94

4.68

Diluted

0.94

4.68

Basic

5.44

8.41

Diluted

5.44

8.41

From discontinued operations

From continuing and discontinued operations

2016 figures restated

253

254

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Notes to the Statements
of Financial Position
17. Goodwill and other intangible assets
Changes in intangible assets in 2017 were as follows:
B 17/1

Changes in Intangible Assets

€ million

Cost of acquisition
or generation,
December 31, 2016
Acquisitions

Acquired
goodwill

Patents
and
technologies

Marketing
and
Trade- distribution Production
marks
rights
rights

R&D
projects

Other
rights and
advance
payments

Total

16,312

13,162

11,045

2,044

51

–

85

–

2,138

887

2,666

48,254

4

–

–

140

Capital expenditures

–

78

–

54

–

458

167

757

Retirements

–

(61)

(31)

(4)

–

(220)

(365)

(681)

Transfers

–

–

1

45

–

17

(63)

–

Transfers (IFRS 5)

(481)

(123)

(40)

(14)

(118)

(43)

(403)

(1,222)

Divestments / changes
in the scope
of consolidation

(254)

(31)

(5)

(105)

(96)

–

(322)

(813)

Inflation adjustment
(IAS 29)

5

–

–

–

–

–

–

5

Exchange
differences

(882)

(164)

(602)

(109)

(5)

(55)

(116)

(1,933)

December 31, 2017

14,751

12,861

10,453

1,911

1,923

1,044

1,564

44,507

Accumulated
amortization
and impairment
losses,
December 31, 2016

–

9,312

3,673

1,268

2,027

235

1,860

18,375

Retirements

–

(36)

(20)

(4)

–

(201)

(356)

(617)

Amortization and
impairment losses in
2017

–

596

580

170

21

98

228

1,693

Amortization

–

596

369

133

21

–

118

1,237

Impairment losses

–

–

211

37

–

98

110

456
–

Impairment loss
reversals

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

Transfers

–

–

–

1

–

–

(1)

–

Transfers (IFRS 5)

–

(86)

(39)

(9)

(118)

(2)

(199)

(453)

Divestments / changes
in the scope
of consolidation

–

(13)

(5)

(77)

(90)

–

(295)

(480)

Exchange
differences

–

(135)

(148)

(66)

(4)

(13)

(70)

(436)

December 31, 2017

–

9,638

4,041

1,283

1,836

117

1,167

18,082

Carrying amounts,
December 31, 2017

14,751

3,223

6,412

628

87

927

397

26,425

Carrying amounts,
December 31, 2016

16,312

3,850

7,372

776

111

652

806

29,879

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Capital expenditures for research and development projects include an advance payment to Loxo Oncology, Inc., in the amount of US$400 million as part of an exclusive global collaboration relating to the development and marketing of larotrectinib.
Impairment losses of €456 million were recognized on intangible assets. In the Pharmaceuticals segment,
impairment losses of €69 million were recognized on intangible assets in the oncology area
(OncoMed). In addition, impairment losses of €59 million were recognized on a drug candidate for the
treatment of lung infections (Amikacin Inhale) due to new research findings. Furthermore, impairment losses of €65 million were recognized on intangible assets in the women's health and ophthalmology areas. In
the Consumer Health segment, a weaker market environment led to impairment losses of €155 million for a
sunscreen product brand (Coppertone™) and €47 million on a trademark in the allergies area (Aerius™). In
the Crop Science segment, an impairment loss of €41 million was recognized in connection with the termination of a research project.
The remaining impairment losses pertained to intangible assets in the Pharmaceuticals (€2 million),
Consumer Health (€3 million), Crop Science (€5 million) and Animal Health (€9 million) segments along with
All Other Segments (€1 million).
Details of acquisitions and divestments are provided in Notes [6.2] and [6.3]. The impairment testing procedure for goodwill and other intangible assets is explained in Note [4].
Changes in intangible assets in 2016 were as follows:
B 17/2

Changes in Intangible Assets (Previous Year)

€ million

Cost of acquisition
or generation,
December 31, 2015

Acquired
goodwill

Patents
and
technologies

Marketing
and
Trade- distribution Production
marks
rights
rights

R&D
projects

Other
rights and
advance
payments

Total

47,779

16,096

13,069

10,952

1,944

2,172

946

2,600

Acquisitions

9

1

–

–

–

(23)

–

(13)

Capital expenditures

–

55

3

47

5

96

157

363

Retirements

–

(6)

(39)

(14)

(25)

(108)

(80)

(272)

Transfers

–

5

–

50

3

(43)

(15)

–

Transfers (IFRS 5)

–

(5)

(8)

(15)

(16)

–

(11)

(55)

Divestments / changes
in the scope
of consolidation

–

–

(8)

–

–

–

–

(8)

Inflation adjustment
(IAS 29)

3

–

–

–

–

–

–

3

Exchange
differences
December 31, 2016

204

43

145

32

(1)

19

15

457

16,312

13,162

11,045

2,044

2,138

887

2,666

48,254

255

256

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

B 17/2 (continued)

Changes in Intangible Assets (Previous Year)

Acquired
goodwill

Patents
and
technologies

Accumulated
amortization
and impairment
losses,
December 31, 2015

–

8,277

3,083

1,134

2,021

225

1,765

16,505

Retirements

–

(2)

(38)

(14)

(25)

(106)

(66)

(251)

Amortization and
impairment losses in
2016

–

1,007

604

144

48

109

160

2,072

€ million

Marketing
and
Trade- distribution Production
marks
rights
rights

R&D
projects

Other
rights and
advance
payments

Total

Amortization

–

708

393

137

28

–

129

1,395

Impairment losses

–

299

211

7

20

109

31

677
(1)

Impairment loss
reversals

–

–

(1)

–

–

–

–

Transfers

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

Transfers (IFRS 5)

–

(5)

(8)

(15)

(16)

–

(11)

(55)

Divestments / changes
in the scope
of consolidation

–

–

–

–

–

–

(1)

(1)

Exchange
differences

–

35

33

19

(1)

7

13

106

December 31, 2016

–

9,312

3,673

1,268

2,027

235

1,860

18,375

Carrying amounts,
December 31, 2016

16,312

3,850

7,372

776

111

652

806

29,879

Carrying amounts,
December 31, 2015

16,096

4,792

7,869

810

151

721

835

31,274

Goodwill and other intangible assets with an indefinite useful life that are of material significance for the
Bayer Group are allocated to the following cash-generating units or unit groups as of the end of the reporting period:
B 17/3

Intangible Assets with an Indefinite Useful Life

Reporting segment

Cash-generating unit /
unit group

Material intangible
assets with indefinite
Goodwill
useful life
(€ million)
(€ million)

Pharmaceuticals

Pharmaceuticals

7,105

857

Consumer Health

Consumer Care

5,854

24

Crop Science

Crop Protection

1,120

41

Crop Science

Seeds

122

98

In the case of research and development projects, the point in time from which a capitalized asset can be
expected to generate an economic benefit for the company cannot be determined. Such assets are therefore classified as having an indefinite useful life. Development projects were capitalized at a total amount of
€927 million as of the end of 2017 (2016: €652 million).
Another intangible asset classified as having an indefinite useful life is the Bayer Cross, which was reacquired for the North America region in 1994, having been awarded to the United States and Canada under
the reparations agreements at the end of the First World War. The period for which the Bayer Group will
derive an economic benefit from this name cannot be determined as Bayer intends to make continuous
use of it. The Bayer Cross is capitalized at €108 million.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

18. Property, plant and equipment
Changes in property, plant and equipment in 2017 were as follows:
B 18/1

Changes in Property, Plant and Equipment

Land and
buildings

Plant
installations
and
machinery

10,346

20,335

2,297

2,551

–

–

–

–

–

286

460

193

1,022

1,961

Retirements

(82)

(304)

(143)

–

(529)

Transfers

282

699

52

(1,033)

–

Transfers (IFRS 5)

(498)

(601)

(66)

(240)

(1,405)

(3,167)

(11,059)

(500)

(455)

(15,181)

5

–

–

–

5

Exchange differences

(466)

(884)

(112)

(82)

(1,544)

December 31, 2017

6,706

8,646

1,721

1,763

18,836

Accumulated depreciation
and impairment losses,
December 31, 2016

22,415

€ million

Cost of acquisition or construction,
December 31, 2016
Acquisitions
Capital expenditures

Divestments / changes in the scope
of consolidation
Inflation adjustment (IAS 29)

Furniture, Construction
fixtures and
in progress
other and advance
equipment
payments

Total
35,529

5,592

15,111

1,685

27

Retirements

(60)

(280)

(125)

–

(465)

Depreciation and impairment losses in 2017

334

893

223

5

1,455

Depreciation

310

860

222

–

1,392

Impairment losses

24

33

1

5

63

Impairment loss reversals

(7)

(6)

–

–

(13)

Transfers
Transfers (IFRS 5)
Divestments / changes in the scope
of consolidation

6

4

(1)

(9)

–

(82)

(214)

(31)

–

(327)
(10,975)

(1,923)

(8,631)

(420)

(1)

Exchange differences

(199)

(610)

(75)

(3)

(887)

December 31, 2017

3,661

6,267

1,256

19

11,203

Carrying amounts, December 31, 2017

3,045

2,379

465

1,744

7,633

Carrying amounts, December 31, 2016

4,754

5,224

612

2,524

13,114

Including impairment loss reversals of €13 million, net impairment losses totaling €50 million were recognized on property, plant and equipment in the Pharmaceuticals (€23 million), Consumer Health (€8 million),
and Crop Science (€25 million) segments, as well as All Other Segments (€1 million), while impairment loss
reversals were recognized for Covestro (€7 million).
In 2017, borrowing costs of €31 million (2016: €31 million) were capitalized as components of the cost of
acquisition or construction of qualifying assets, applying an average interest rate of 2.5% (2016: 2.5%).
Capitalized property, plant and equipment included assets with a total net value of €231 million (2016:
€471 million) held under finance leases. The cost of acquisition or construction of these assets as of the
closing date totaled €368 million (2016: €867 million). They comprised buildings with a carrying amount of
€98 million (2016: €146 million), plant installations and machinery with a carrying amount of €75 million
(2016: €191 million), and other property, plant and equipment with a carrying amount of €58 million (2016:
€134 million). For information on the liabilities arising from finance leases, see Note [27].

257

258

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

In 2017, rental payments of €385 million (2016: €346 million), excluding Covestro, were made for assets
held under operating leases as defined in IAS 17 (Leases).
Lease payments of €1 million are expected to be received in 2018 from operating leases – as defined in
IAS 17 (Leases) – pertaining to property, plant and equipment, excluding the investment property stated
below. Lease payments totaling €1 million are expected to be received between 2019 and 2022 and lease
payments totaling €0 million after 2022.

Investment property
The fair values of investment property are mainly determined using the income approach based on internal
valuations for buildings and developed sites, and using the market comparison approach for undeveloped
sites.
The total carrying amount of investment property as of December 31, 2017, was €97 million (December 31, 2016: €136 million). The fair value of this property was €336 million (2016: €507 million). The rental
income from investment property was €14 million (2016: €11 million), and the operating expenses directly
allocable to this property amounted to €4 million (2016: €5 million). A further amount of €1 million (2016:
€1 million) in operating expenses was directly allocable to investment property from which no rental income
was derived.
Changes in property, plant and equipment in 2016 were as follows:
B 18/2

Changes in Property, Plant and Equipment (Previous Year)

Land and
buildings

Plant
installations
and
machinery

9,685

19,418

2,142

2,295

–

–

–

–

–

248

369

206

1,441

2,264

Retirements

(69)

(262)

(158)

(9)

(498)

Transfers

407

698

82

(1,187)

–

Transfers (IFRS 5)

(14)

(4)

(1)

(1)

(20)

€ million

Cost of acquisition or construction,
December 31, 2015
Acquisitions
Capital expenditures

Furniture, Construction
fixtures and
in progress
other and advance
equipment
payments

Total
33,540

Divestments / changes in the scope
of consolidation

–

–

–

–

–

Inflation adjustment (IAS 29)

3

1

–

–

4

Exchange differences

86

115

26

12

239

December 31, 2016

10,346

20,335

2,297

2,551

35,529

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

B 18/2 (continued)

Changes in Property, Plant and Equipment (Previous Year)

€ million

Land and
buildings

Plant
installations
and
machinery

Accumulated depreciation
and impairment losses,
December 31, 2015

Furniture, Construction
fixtures and
in progress
other and advance
equipment
payments

Total

5,255

14,303

1,578

29

Retirements

(49)

(245)

(139)

(6)

21,165
(439)

Depreciation and impairment losses in 2016

334

936

235

5

1,510

Depreciation

314

927

234

–

1,475

Impairment losses

20

9

1

5

35

Impairment loss reversals

–

–

–

–

–

Transfers

5

(4)

–

(1)

–

Transfers (IFRS 5)

(2)

(1)

(1)

–

(4)

Divestments / changes in the scope
of consolidation

–

–

–

–

–

Divestments / changes in the scope
of consolidation

–

–

–

–

–

Exchange differences

49

122

12

–

183

December 31, 2016

5,592

15,111

1,685

27

22,415

Carrying amounts, December 31, 2016

4,754

5,224

612

2,524

13,114

Carrying amounts, December 31, 2015

4,430

5,115

564

2,266

12,375

19. Investments accounted for using the equity method
Four (2016: five) associates and eight (2016: six) joint ventures were accounted for in the consolidated
financial statements using the equity method.
B 19/1

Associates and Joint Ventures Accounted for Using the Equity Method
Company name

Place of business

Bayer’s interest (%)

Associates
Bayer Trendlines Ag Innovation Fund, L.P 1

Misgav, Israel

100

Covestro AG

Leverkusen, Germany

24.6

Flagship Ventures V Agricultural Fund, L.P 1

Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S.A.

99.9

Nanjing Baijingyu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 1

Nanjing, China

15

Joint ventures
Bayer Zydus Pharma Private Limited

Mumbai, India

BlueRock Therapeutics Canada ULC

Vancouver, Canada

50

BlueRock Therapeutics GP LLC

San Francisco, California, U.S.A.

50

BlueRock Therapeutics LP

San Francisco, California, U.S.A.

42.9

42.9

Casebia Therapeutics LLC

Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S.A.

50

Casebia Therapeutics LLP

Ascot, U.K.

50

Cooksonia Opco LLC

Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.A.

50

DCSO Deutsche Cyber-Sicherheitsorganisation
GmbH

Berlin, Germany

25

1

For information concerning significant influence, see Note [6.1].

259

260

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

In October 2015, Bayer successfully floated the former MaterialScience subgroup on the stock market
under the name “Covestro”. Covestro is a leading global producer of high-tech polymer materials and
develops innovative product solutions for a wide variety of everyday uses. The Covestro Group was deconsolidated at the end of the third quarter of 2017, and, in view of Bayer’s remaining significant influence,
was recognized for the first time as an associate and accounted for using the equity method. See Note
[6.3] for details on the deconsolidation of the Covestro Group.
The remaining interest in Covestro at the time of deconsolidation was remeasured at €3.6 billion based on
its share price, which led to the identification of hidden reserves and liabilities. According to the purchase
price allocation, the hidden reserves and liabilities primarily related to noncurrent assets (€1.9 billion), current assets (€0.1 billion), noncurrent liabilities (€0.6 billion) and goodwill (€1.0 billion).
The following two tables contain summarized data from the income statements and statements of financial
position of the Covestro Group, and show the respective amounts recognized in the consolidated financial
statements of the Bayer Group.
B 19/2

Earnings Data of the Covestro Group
2016

Q4 2017

Net sales

–

3,522

Income after income taxes

–

569

–

566

€ million

of which attributable to Covestro AG shareholders
Other comprehensive income after income taxes
of which attributable to Covestro AG shareholders
Total comprehensive income after income taxes
of which attributable to Covestro AG shareholders

–

(193)

–

(191)

–

376

–

375

Share of total comprehensive income after income taxes

–

92

Share of income after income taxes

–

139

Group adjustments

–

(88)

Equity-method income

–

51

B 19/3

Data from the Statements of Financial Position of the Covestro Group
€ million

Dec. 31, 2016 Dec. 31, 2017

Noncurrent assets

–

5,606

Current assets

–

5,735

Noncurrent liabilities

–

2,885

Current liabilities

–

3,091

Equity

–

5,365

Share of equity

–

1,320

Group adjustments

–

2,307

Carrying amount

–

3,627

The adjustments to the Group data contain hidden reserves and liabilities identified in the course of the
purchase price allocation and their measurement using the equity method.
In December 2015, Bayer and CRISPR Therapeutics AG, Switzerland, agreed to establish a company to
develop and commercialize new, breakthrough therapeutics for blood disorders, blindness and congenital
heart diseases. The joint venture Casebia Therapeutics, established at the beginning of 2016, has access
to gene-editing technology from CRISPR Therapeutics in specific disease areas, as well as access to protein engineering expertise and relevant disease know-how through Bayer.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The following two tables contain summarized data from the income statements and statements of financial
position of the Casebia Group, which is accounted for using the equity method, and show the respective
amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements of the Bayer Group.
B 19/4

Earnings Data of the Casebia Group
€ million

2016

Net sales

–

2017
–

Loss after income taxes

(8)

(32)

Share of loss after income taxes

(4)

(16)

Equity-method loss

(4)

(16)

B 19/5

Data from the Statements of Financial Position of the Casebia Group
€ million

Dec. 31, 2016 Dec. 31, 2017

Noncurrent assets

68

70

Current assets

4

24

Noncurrent liabilities

–

8

Current liabilities

3

4

Equity

69

82

Share of equity

38

69

Other

242

162

Carrying amount

280

231

The item “Other” comprises Bayer’s outstanding capital contribution obligation.
The following table contains a summary of the aggregated income statement data and aggregated carrying
amounts of the individually nonmaterial associates accounted for using the equity method.
B 19/6

Earnings Data and Carrying Amounts of Associates Accounted for Using the Equity Method
€ million

2016

2017

Income after income taxes

4

7

Other comprehensive income after income taxes

3

28

Total comprehensive income after income taxes

7

35

Share of income after income taxes

2

1

Share of total comprehensive income after income taxes

5

29

247

37

Carrying amount
2016 figures restated

The following table contains a summary of the aggregated income statement data and aggregated carrying
amounts of the individually nonmaterial joint ventures that are accounted for using the equity method.
B 19/7

Earnings Data and Carrying Amounts of Joint Ventures Accounted for Using the Equity Method
2016

2017

Income after income taxes

(6)

(16)

Total comprehensive income after income taxes

(6)

(16)

Share of income after income taxes

(4)

(16)

€ million

Share of total comprehensive income after income taxes

(4)

(16)

Carrying amount

57

112

2016 figures restated

261

262

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

20. Other financial assets
The other financial assets were comprised as follows:
B 20/1

Other Financial Assets
Dec. 31, 2016

Dec. 31, 2017

€ million

Total

Of which
current

Loans and receivables

2,140

2,087

1,718

1,501

Available-for-sale financial assets

4,629

3,517

2,728

1,502

of which debt instruments

4,371

3,514

2,463

1,499

of which equity instruments

258

3

265

3

Held-to-maturity financial investments

65

8

57

15

Receivables from derivatives

714

663

647

509

8

–

13

2

7,556

6,275

5,163

3,529

Receivables under lease agreements
Total

Total

Of which
current

Loans and receivables included €1,390 million (2016: €1,770 million) in bank deposits and €108 million
(2016: €305 million) in commercial paper.
The debt instruments classified as available-for-sale financial assets included capital of €605 million (2016:
€612 million) provided to Bayer-Pensionskasse VVaG (Bayer-Pensionskasse) for its effective initial fund,
and jouissance right capital (Genussrechtskapital) of €152 million (2016: €154 million), also provided to
Bayer-Pensionskasse. Also reported in this category were investments of €1,497 million (2016:
€3,513 million) in money market funds.
The equity instruments reported as available-for-sale financial assets included the €101 million (2016:
€98 million) investment in CRISPR Therapeutics AG, Switzerland, along with €35 million (2016: €32 million)
in instruments whose fair value could not be determined from a stock exchange or other market price or by
discounting reliably determinable future cash flows. These equity instruments were recognized at cost.
Further information on the accounting for receivables from derivatives is given in Note [30].
Receivables under lease agreements relate to finance leases where Bayer is the lessor and the economic
owner of the leased assets is the lessee. These receivables comprised expected lease payments of
€15 million (2016: €39 million), including €2 million (2016: €31 million) in interest. Of the expected lease
payments, €3 million (2016: €1 million) is due within one year, €10 million (2016: €2 million) within the following four years and €2 million (2016: €36 million) in subsequent years.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

21. Inventories
Inventories were comprised as follows:
B 21/1

Inventories
Dec. 31,
2016

Dec. 31,
2017

Raw materials and supplies

2,396

1,761

Work in process, finished goods and goods purchased for resale

5,991

4,776

€ million

Advance payments
Total

21

13

8,408

6,550

The deconsolidation of Covestro reduced inventories by €1,831 million.
Impairment losses recognized on inventories were reflected in the cost of goods sold. They were comprised as follows:
B 21/2

Impairments of Inventories
€ million

2016

2017

Accumulated impairment losses, January 1

(427)

(416)

Divestments / changes in the scope of consolidation

–

13

Impairment losses in the reporting period

(321)

(235)

Impairment loss reversals or utilization

346

261

Exchange differences

(18)

45

Transfers (IFRS 5)
Accumulated impairment losses, December 31

4

1

(416)

(331)

22. Trade accounts receivable
Trade accounts receivable less impairment losses amounted to €8,582 million (2016: €10,969 million) on
the closing date and were comprised as follows:
B 22/1

Trade Accounts Receivable
€ million

Trade accounts receivable (before impairments)

2016

2017

11,377

9,007

Accumulated impairment losses

(408)

(425)

Carrying amount, December 31

10,969

8,582

144

97

of which noncurrent

The deconsolidation of Covestro reduced trade accounts receivable by €1,943 million.

263

264

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Changes in impairment losses on trade accounts receivable were as follows:
B 22/2

Impairments of Trade Accounts Receivable
€ million

2016

2017

Accumulated impairment losses, January 1

(248)

(408)

Divestments / changes in the scope of consolidation

–

41

(165)

(133)

Impairment loss reversals or utilization

35

29

Exchange differences

(30)

46

Accumulated impairment losses, December 31

(408)

(425)

Impairment losses in the reporting period

Trade accounts receivable amounting to €8,189 million (2016: €10,954 million) were not individually
impaired. Of this amount, €1,440 million (2016: €1,161 million) was past due or due immediately on the
closing date.
The amounts of impaired and past-due trade accounts receivable are summarized in the following table:
B 22/3

Impaired and Past-Due Trade Accounts Receivable
Of which
neither
impaired
nor past
due at the
closing date
Carrying amount

€ million

Of which
unimpaired but
past due at the
closing date
up to
3 months

3–6
months

6 – 12
months

more than
12 months

Of which
impaired
at the
closing
date

December 31, 2017

8,582

6,749

934

142

104

260

393

December 31, 2016

10,969

9,793

780

162

125

94

15

The gross carrying amount of individually impaired trade accounts receivable was €798 million (2016:
€192 million). The impairment losses recognized on these assets totaled €405 million (2016: €177 million),
resulting in a net carrying amount of €393 million (2016: €15 million).
The unimpaired receivables were deemed to be collectible on the basis of established credit management
processes and individual assessments of customer risks. Recognized impairment losses included an appropriate allowance for the default risk as of the end of the reporting period.
Receivables from government health service institutions, especially in Greece, Italy, Portugal and Spain, are
under special observation in view of the government debt crisis. Although there were no material defaults
on such receivables in 2017 or 2016, it is possible that future developments in these countries could result
in payment delays and / or defaults. This could necessitate the recognition of impairment losses due to new
occurrences. Trade accounts receivable from government health service institutions in the above countries
at the end of 2017 totaled €102 million (2016: €134 million).
An excess-of-loss policy exists for the Pharmaceuticals, Consumer Health and Animal Health segments as
part of a global credit insurance program. More than 80% of the receivables of these segments are insured
up to a maximum total annual compensation payment of €150 million (2016: €150 million). A global excess-of-loss policy has also existed for the Crop Science segment since January 2016. In this global credit
insurance program, more than 80% of this segment’s receivables are insured up to a maximum total annual
compensation payment of €300 million (2016: €300 million).
A further €696 million (2016: €743 million) of receivables was secured by advance payments, letters of
credit or guarantees or by liens on land, buildings or harvest yields.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

23. Other receivables
Other receivables were comprised as follows:
B 23/1

Other Receivables
Dec. 31, 2016

Dec. 31, 2017

Total

Of which
current

Other tax receivables

764

746

554

541

Deferred charges

549

358

298

192

Reimbursement claims

120

104

85

71

Net defined benefit asset

26

–

36

–

Receivables from employees

50

49

47

46

€ million

Total

Of which
current

Miscellaneous receivables

1,284

953

656

426

Total

2,793

2,210

1,676

1,276

The reimbursement claims of €85 million (2016: €120 million) predominantly consisted of receivables from
insurance companies in connection with product liability claims.
In 2016, miscellaneous receivables included a €441 million receivable from Dow AgroSciences LLC, United
States, for damages and royalty payments resulting from the infringement of Bayer’s rights to the LibertyLink™ weed control system. This receivable was settled in May 2017.
Other receivables included €426 million (2016: €690 million) in financial receivables. Of this amount, receivables of €383 million (2016: €612 million) were neither impaired nor past due. Receivables of €26 million (2016: €50 million) were due immediately or up to three months past due. Receivables of €17 million
(2016: €27 million) were more than three months past due.
Other receivables are stated net of impairment losses of €70 million (2016: €56 million), of which
€67 million (2016: €52 million) related to a receivable from the Venezuelan exchange control authority reflecting the right to receive U.S. dollars at a preferential rate.

24. Equity
The foremost objectives of our financial management are to help bring about a sustained increase in
Bayer’s value for the benefit of all stakeholders, and to ensure the Group’s creditworthiness and liquidity.
The pursuit of these goals means reducing our cost of capital, optimizing our capital structure, improving
our financing cash flow and effectively managing risk.

265

266

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The rating agencies commissioned by Bayer assess Bayer’s creditworthiness as follows:
B 24/1

Rating
Long-term rating

Short-term rating

S&P Global Ratings

A-

A-2

Moody's

A3

P-2

These credit ratings reflect the company’s high solvency and ensure access to a broad investor base for
financing purposes. As a result of the agreed acquisition of Monsanto, both S & P Global Ratings and
Moody’s are reviewing the possibility of downgrade. Bayer will continue to target an investment-grade
rating after the successful closing of the Monsanto acquisition. We remain committed to the single “A”
credit rating category over the long term.
Apart from utilizing cash inflows from our operating business to reduce net financial debt, we are implementing our financial strategy by way of vehicles such as the subordinated hybrid bonds issued in July
2014 and April 2015, the mandatory convertible notes issued in November 2016, the authorized and conditional capital, and a potential share buyback program.
The changes in the various components of equity during 2016 and 2017 are shown in the consolidated
statements of changes in equity.

Capital stock
The capital stock of Bayer AG on December 31, 2017, amounted to €2,117 million (2016: €2,117 million),
divided into 826,947,808 (2016: 826,947,808) registered no-par shares, and was fully paid in. Each no-par
share confers one voting right.

Authorized and conditional capital
The authorized and conditional capital was comprised as follows:
B 24/2

Authorized and Conditional Capital
Capital

Resolution

Amount / shares

Expires

Purpose

Authorized
capital I

April 29, 2014

€530 million

April 28, 2019

Increase the capital stock by issuing new
no-par shares against cash contributions
and / or contributions in kind, the latter
not to exceed €423 million

Authorized
capital II

April 29, 2014

€212 million

April 28, 2019

Increase the capital stock by issuing new
no-par shares against cash contributions

Conditional
capital

April 29, 2014

€212 million /
up to
82,694,750 no-par
shares

April 28, 2019

Increase the capital stock by granting
no-par shares to the holders of bonds
with warrants or convertible notes, profit
participation certificates or income
bonds; the authorizations to issue such
instruments are limited to a total nominal
amount of €6 billion.

Capital increases are effected by issuing new registered no-par shares. Stockholders must normally be
granted subscription rights. However, subscription rights may be excluded under certain conditions stated
in the authorization resolutions. Absent a further resolution of the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting on the
exclusion of stockholders’ subscription rights, the Board of Management may only use the existing authorizations to increase the capital stock out of the authorized capital I and II or the conditional capital – while
excluding stockholders' subscription rights – up to a total amount of 20% of the capital stock that existed
when the respective resolutions were adopted by the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting on April 29, 2014. All

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

issuances or sales of no-par shares or of bonds with warrants or conversion rights or obligations that are
effected while excluding stockholders’ subscription rights also count toward this 20% limit. Details of the
authorized and conditional capital are provided in the Notice of the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting of
April 29, 2014, and on the Bayer website. The authorized capital I and the authorized capital II have not
been utilized so far.
On November 22, 2016, Bayer placed mandatory convertible notes in the amount of €4,000 million without
granting subscription rights to existing stockholders of the company. The notes, denominated in units of
€100,000, were issued by Bayer Capital Corporation B.V. under the subordinated guarantee of Bayer AG.
At maturity, the outstanding amount of the notes will be mandatorily converted into registered no-par
shares of Bayer AG. After deduction of €48 million in transaction costs and recognition of €191 million in
deferred taxes, €3,491 million were allocated to capital reserves and €652 million to financial liabilities. The
deferred taxes result from temporary differences in accounting for the liability component and were recognized outside profit or loss in equity. As at December 31, 2017, the financial liability had decreased by
€125 million, resulting in a €41 million deferred tax reversal through profit or loss. The issuance of the
mandatory convertible notes constitutes a utilization of the conditional capital.

Accumulated comprehensive income
Accumulated comprehensive income comprises retained earnings and accumulated other comprehensive
income. The retained earnings comprise prior years’ undistributed income of consolidated companies
and all remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability for pension or other post-employment benefits
that are recognized outside profit or loss. The accumulated other comprehensive income comprises exchange differences, the changes in fair values of cash flow hedges and available-for-sale financial assets,
and the revaluation surplus. In 2017, an amount of €4 million (2016: €4 million) corresponding to the
annual amortization / depreciation of the respective assets was transferred from the revaluation surplus to
retained earnings.

Dividend
Under the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG), the dividend payment is determined by the distributable
profit reported in the annual financial statements of Bayer AG, which are prepared according to the German Commercial Code. Retained earnings were diminished by payment of the dividend of €2.70 per share
for 2016. The proposed dividend for the 2017 fiscal year is €2.80 per share, which – based on the current
number of shares – would result in a total dividend payment of €2,315 million. Payment of the proposed
dividend is contingent upon approval by the stockholders at the Annual Stockholders’ Meeting and therefore is not recognized as a liability in the consolidated financial statements.

267

268

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Noncontrolling interest
The changes in noncontrolling interest in equity during 2016 and 2017 are shown in the following table:
B 24/3

Changes in Noncontrolling Interest in Equity
€ million

2016

2017

January 1

1,180

1,564

Changes in equity not recognized in profit or loss
Remeasurements of the net liability under defined benefit pension plans

(27)

49

Changes in fair value of cash flow hedges

–

–

Changes in fair value of securities

–

–

Exchange differences on translation of operations outside the eurozone

17

(155)

Other changes in equity

157

(2,025)

Dividend payments

(58)

(131)

295

758

1,564

60

Income after income taxes
December 31

Of the dividend payments, €129 million pertained to the noncontrolling interest in the equity of Covestro
AG.
The principal subsidiary with third-party noncontrolling interest holders is Bayer CropScience Limited, India. The interest and share of voting rights attributable to noncontrolling interest amounted to 31.3% as at
December 31, 2017 (December 31, 2016: 31.4%), and the equity attributable to this noncontrolling interest
stood at €52 million (2016: €85 million).
During fiscal 2017, Bayer AG reduced its interest in Covestro AG from 64.2% to 24.6%. In the first quarter,
Bayer sold 22 million shares of Covestro AG to institutional investors at a price of €66.50 per share. A
further 17.25 million shares of Covestro AG were sold to institutional investors in the second quarter at a
price of €62.25 per share. Further, 8 million shares of Covestro AG were deposited in Bayer Pension
Trust e. V. at a price of €63.04 per share. In the third quarter of 2017, Bayer AG sold shares 19 million
shares in Covestro AG at a price of €63.25 per share on September 12, 2017, and approximately 14 million Covestro AG shares at a price of €71.72 on September 29, 2017. The buyers of the around 14 million
shares sold on September 29, 2017 agreed to be bound by a lock-up arrangement pursuant to which they
would not sell the shares they purchased until at least December 11, 2017. Under the contractual agreement, Bayer retained the economic exposure to the price of these shares at least until that date.
The reductions in Bayer's interest through September 12, 2017, detailed above had a €4.2 billion positive
effect on Bayer Group equity, which was recognized in other changes in equity. Of this amount, €2.7 billion
was attributable to stockholders of Bayer AG and €1.5 billion to noncontrolling interest. As part of the
deconsolidation at the end of September 2017, the noncontrolling interest in Covestro AG equity was derecognized in its entirety. See Note [6.3] for details on the deconsolidation of Covestro.
As of December 31, 2017, Bayer held 24.6% of the shares of Covestro AG. Bayer Pension Trust e.V. held a
further 8.9%.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

25. Provisions for pensions and other post-employment
benefits
Provisions were established for defined benefit obligations pertaining to pensions and other postemployment benefits. The net liability was accounted for as follows:
B 25/1

Net Defined Benefit Liability Reflected in the Statement of Financial Position
Pensions
€ million

Provisions for pensions and other postemployment benefits (net liability)

Other post-employment
benefits

Total

Dec. 31,
2016

Dec. 31,
2017

Dec. 31,
2016

Dec. 31,
2017

Dec. 31,
2016

Dec. 31,
2017

10,736

7,798

398

222

11,134

8,020

of which Germany

9,176

6,778

–

–

9,176

6,778

of which other countries

1,560

1,020

398

222

1,958

1,242

Net defined benefit asset

25

36

1

–

26

36

23

22

–

–

23

22

of which Germany
of which other countries

2

14

1

–

3

14

10,711

7,762

397

222

11,108

7,984

of which Germany

9,153

6,756

–

–

9,153

6,756

of which other countries

1,558

1,006

397

222

1,955

1,228

Net defined benefit liability

The deconsolidation of Covestro reduced provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits by
€1,201 million.
The expenses for defined benefit plans for pensions and other post-employment benefits comprised the
following components:
B 25/2

Expenses for Defined Benefit Plans

Germany

Pension plans

Other post-employment
benefit plans

Total

Other countries

Other countries

€ million

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

Current service cost

281

312

86

93

367

405

14

13

Past service cost

17

20

(4)

(3)

13

17

(1)

(2)

of which plan
curtailments

–

–

1

(2)

1

(2)

–

(2)

Plan settlements

–

–

(8)

8

(8)

8

–

–

Plan administration
cost paid out of plan
assets

3

3

1

1

4

4

–

–

Net interest

175

135

46

43

221

178

14

13

Total

476

470

121

142

597

612

27

24

2016 figures restated

In addition, a total of €1,236 million in effects of remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability was
recognized in 2017 outside profit or loss (2016: minus €1,036 million). Of this amount, €1,223 million
(2016: minus €1,063 million) related to pension obligations, €1 million (2016: €34 million) to other postemployment benefit obligations, and €12 million (2016: minus €7 million) to the effects of the asset ceiling.

269

270

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The net defined benefit liability developed as follows:
B 25/3

Changes in Net Defined Benefit Liability

€ million

Defined
benefit
obligation

Fair value of Effects of the
plan assets asset ceiling

Net defined
benefit
liability

Germany
January 1, 2017

(20,962)

11,809

–

–

–

–

–

Divestments / changes in the scope of consolidation

3,021

(2,075)

–

946

Current service cost

(368)

Past service cost

(32)

Net interest

(358)

Net actuarial gain / (loss)

206

206

180

180

Acquisitions

of which due to changes in financial assumptions

(9,153)

(368)
(32)
208

–

(150)

of which due to changes in demographic assumptions

(1)

(1)

of which due to experience adjustments

27

27

Return on plan assets excluding amounts recognized as interest income

755

755

Employer contributions

593

593

(39)

39

–

Payments due to plan settlements

–

–

–

Benefits paid out of plan assets

216

(216)

–

Benefits paid by the company

441

Employee contributions

Plan administration cost paid from plan assets
Reclassification to current assets / liabilities held for sale

441
(3)

(3)

38

(29)

(17,837)

11,081

–

(6,756)

(8,033)

6,127

(49)

(1,955)

–

–

–

–

Divestments / changes in the scope of consolidation

840

(589)

3

254

Current service cost

(109)

Past service cost

8

8

Gains / (losses) from plan settlements

(8)

(8)

December 31, 2017

9

Other countries
January 1, 2017
Acquisitions

(109)

Net interest

(244)

Net actuarial gain / (loss)

(166)

(166)

of which due to changes in financial assumptions

183

(3)

(64)

(191)

(191)

of which due to changes in demographic assumptions

21

21

of which due to experience adjustments

4

Return on plan assets excluding amounts recognized as interest income

4
429

Remeasurement of asset ceiling

429
12

Employer contributions

125

12
125

Employee contributions

(14)

14

–

Payments due to plan settlements

32

(41)

(9)

Benefits paid out of plan assets

300

(300)

Benefits paid by the company

94

Plan administration costs paid out of plan assets

–
94

(1)

(1)

Reclassification to current assets / liabilities held for sale

10

(8)

–

2

Exchange differences

635

(481)

6

160

December 31, 2017

(6,655)

5,458

(31)

(1,228)

(671)

449

–

(222)

(24,492)

16,539

(31)

(7,984)

of which other post-employment benefits
Total, December 31, 2017
Covestro is included in the net defined benefit liability.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements

271

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

B 25/4

Changes in Net Defined Benefit Liability (Previous Year)

€ million

Defined
benefit
obligation

Fair value of Effects of the
plan assets asset ceiling

Net defined
benefit
liability

Germany
January 1, 2016

(19,148)

10,199

–

(8,949)

Acquisitions

–

–

–

–

Divestments / changes in the scope of consolidation

4

(2)

–

Current service cost

(350)

Past service cost

(26)

Net interest

(452)

Net actuarial gain / (loss)
of which due to changes in financial assumptions

2
(350)
(26)

248

–

(204)

(1,610)

(1,610)

(1,563)

(1,563)

of which due to changes in demographic assumptions

(1)

(1)

of which due to experience adjustments

(46)

(46)

Return on plan assets excluding amounts recognized as interest income

669

669

Employer contributions

878

878
–

Employee contributions

(39)

39

Payments due to plan settlements

–

–

–

Benefits paid out of plan assets

219

(219)

–

Benefits paid by the company

440

Plan administration cost paid from plan assets
Reclassification to current assets / liabilities held for sale
December 31, 2016

440
(3)

(3)

–

–

(20,962)

11,809

–

(9,153)

–

(7,660)

5,799

(32)

(1,893)

–

1

–

1

4

(3)

–

Other countries
January 1, 2016
Acquisitions
Divestments / changes in the scope of consolidation

1

Current service cost

(118)

(118)

Past service cost

6

6

Gains / (losses) from plan settlements

9

9

Net interest

(284)

Net actuarial gain / (loss)

(515)

(515)

(650)

(650)

of which due to changes in demographic assumptions

89

89

of which due to experience adjustments

46

of which due to changes in financial assumptions

Return on plan assets excluding amounts recognized as interest income

215

(3)

46
427

Remeasurement of asset ceiling

427
(7)

Employer contributions

(72)

152

(7)
152

Employee contributions

(12)

12

–

Payments due to plan settlements

83

(84)

(1)

Benefits paid out of plan assets

295

(295)

Benefits paid by the company

87

Plan administration costs paid out of plan assets

–
87

(1)

(1)

Reclassification to current assets / liabilities held for sale

–

–

–

–

Exchange differences

72

(96)

(7)

(31)

December 31, 2016

(8,033)

6,127

(49)

(1,955)

(867)

471

–

(396)

(28,995)

17,936

(49)

(11,108)

of which other post-employment benefits
Total, December 31, 2016
Covestro is included in the net defined benefit liability.

The benefit obligations pertained mainly to Germany (73%; 2016: 72%), the United States (12%;
2016: 14%) and the United Kingdom (8%; 2016: 7%). In Germany, current employees accounted for about
43% (2016: 46%), retirees or their surviving dependents for about 50% (2016: 47%) and former employees
with vested pension rights for about 7% (2016: 7%) of entitlements under defined benefit plans. In the

272

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

United States, current employees accounted for about 21% (2016: 25%), retirees or their surviving dependents for about 65% (2016: 53%) and former employees with vested pension rights for about 14%
(2016: 22%) of entitlements under defined benefit plans.
The actual return on the assets of defined benefit plans for pensions or other post-employment benefits
amounted to €1,517 million (2016: €1,519 million) and €58 million (2016: €40 million), respectively.
The following table shows the defined benefit obligations for pensions and other post-employment benefits
along with the funded status of the funded obligations.
B 25/5

Defined Benefit Obligation and Funded Status

Pension obligation
€ million

Defined benefit obligation

2016

2017

Other postemployment
benefit obligation

Total

2016

2017

2016

2017
24,492

28,128

23,821

867

671

28,995

of which unfunded

1,231

1,117

125

64

1,356

1,181

of which funded

26,897

22,704

742

607

27,639

23,311

Funded status of funded obligations
Overfunding

74

67

1

–

75

67

Underfunding

9,506

6,681

272

158

9,778

6,839

Pension and other post-employment benefit obligations
Group companies provide retirement benefits for most of their employees, either directly or by contributing
to privately or publicly administered funds. The benefits vary depending on the legal, fiscal and economic
conditions of each country. The obligations relate both to existing retirees’ pensions and to pension entitlements of future retirees.
Bayer has set up funded pension plans for its employees in various countries. The most appropriate investment strategy is determined for each defined benefit pension plan based on the risk structure of the
obligations (especially demographics, the current funded status, the structure of the expected future cash
flows, interest sensitivity, biometric risks etc.), the regulatory environment and the existing level of risk
tolerance or risk capacity. A strategic target investment portfolio is then developed in line with the plan’s
risk structure, taking capital market factors into consideration. Further determinants are risk diversification,
portfolio efficiency and the need for both a country-specific and a global risk / return profile centered on
ensuring the payment of all future benefits. As the capital investment strategy for each pension plan is
developed individually in light of the plan-specific conditions listed above, the investment strategies for
different pension plans may vary considerably. The investment strategies are generally aligned less toward
maximizing absolute returns and more toward the maximum probability of being able to finance pension
commitments over the long term. For pension plans, stress scenarios are simulated and other risk analyses
(such as value at risk) undertaken with the aid of risk management systems.
Bayer-Pensionskasse VVaG (Bayer-Pensionskasse), Leverkusen, Germany, is by far the most significant of
the pension plans. It has been closed to new members since 2005. This legally independent fund is regarded as a life insurance company and therefore is subject to the German Insurance Supervision Act. The
benefit obligations covered by Bayer-Pensionskasse comprise retirement, surviving dependents’ and disability pensions. It constitutes a multi-employer plan, to which the active members and their employers
contribute. The company contribution is a certain percentage of the employee contribution. This percentage is the same for all participating employers, including those outside the Bayer Group, and is set by
agreement between the plan’s executive committee and its supervisory board, acting on a proposal from
the responsible actuary. It takes into account the differences between the actuarial estimates and the actual values for the factors used to determine liabilities and contributions. Bayer may also adjust the company contribution in agreement with the plan’s executive committee and its supervisory board, acting on a
proposal from the responsible actuary. The plan’s liability is governed by Section 1, Paragraph 1, Sentence

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

3 of the German Law on the Improvement of Occupational Pensions. This means that if the pension plan
exercises its right under the articles of association to reduce benefits, each participating employer has to
make up the resulting difference. Bayer is not liable for the obligations of participating employers outside
the Bayer Group, even if they cease to participate in the plan.
Pension entitlements for people who joined Bayer in Germany in 2005 or later are granted via Rheinische
Pensionskasse VVaG, Leverkusen. Future pension payments from this plan are based on contributions and
the return on plan assets; a guaranteed interest rate applies.
Another important pension provision vehicle is Bayer Pension Trust e. V. (BPT). This covers further retirement provision arrangements of the Bayer Group, such as deferred compensation, pension obligations
previously administered by Schering Altersversorgung Treuhand e. V., and components of other direct
commitments.
The defined benefit pension plans in the United States have been frozen for some years, and no significant
new entitlements can be earned under these plans. The assets of all the U.S. pension plans are held by a
master trust for reasons of efficiency. The applicable regulatory framework is based on the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), which includes a statutory 80% minimum funding requirement to
avoid benefit restrictions. The actuarial risks, such as investment risk, interest-rate risk and longevity risk,
remain with the company.
The defined benefit pension plans in the United Kingdom have been closed to new members for some
years. Plan assets in the U.K. are administered by independent trustees, who are legally obligated to act
solely in the interests of the beneficiaries. A technical assessment is performed every three years in line
with U.K. regulations. This serves as the basis for developing a plan to cover any potential financing requirements. Here, too, the actuarial risks remain with the company.
The other post-employment benefit obligations outside Germany mainly comprised health care benefit
payments for retirees in the United States.

273

274

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The fair value of the plan assets to cover pension and other post-employment benefit obligations was
as follows:
B 25/6

Fair Value of Plan Assets as of December 31
Pension obligations
Germany
€ million

2016

2017

Other countries
2016

2017

Other post-employment
obligations
Other countries
2016

2017

Plan assets based on quoted prices
in active markets
Real estate and special real estate funds
Equities and equity funds
Callable debt instruments
Noncallable debt instruments
Bond funds

–

–

215

181

22

16

2,919

3,617

1,861

1,739

149

158

–

–

263

27

–

–

556

–

736

602

128

127

3,754

3,737

1,823

1,631

104

94

Derivatives

11

11

(3)

–

–

–

Cash and cash equivalents

243

164

114

74

17

13

Other

–

–

6

–

–

–

7,483

7,529

5,015

4,254

420

408

Real estate and special real estate funds

563

496

124

179

–

–

Equities and equity funds

115

121

72

71

–

–

Callable debt instruments

1,525

1,399

–

–

–

–

Noncallable debt instruments

1,870

1,394

–

–

–

–

Bond funds

–

–

72

74

–

–

Derivatives

1

–

–

–

–

–

252

142

373

431

51

41

Plan assets for which quoted prices
in active markets are not available

Other
Total plan assets

4,326

3,552

641

755

51

41

11,809

11,081

5,656

5,009

471

449

The fair value of plan assets in Germany included real estate leased by Group companies, recognized at a
fair value of €82 million (2016: €82 million), and Bayer AG shares and bonds held through investment
funds, recognized at their fair values of €37 million (2016: €41 million) and €3 million (2016: €3 million),
respectively.
In 2017, Bayer AG deposited 8 million (2016: 10 million) shares it held in Covestro AG with BPT. The market value of BPT’s total shareholding in Covestro AG amounted to €1,549 million as of December 31, 2017
(2016: €652 million). In 2016, Covestro deposited short-term securities totaling €450 million with Metzler
Trust e. V.
The other plan assets comprised mortgage loans granted, other receivables and qualified insurance policies.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Risks
The risks from defined benefit plans arise partly from the defined benefit obligations and partly from the
investment in plan assets. These risks include the possibility that additional contributions will have to be
made to plan assets in order to meet current and future pension obligations, and negative effects on provisions and equity.

Demographic / biometric risks
Since a large proportion of the defined benefit obligations comprises lifelong pensions or surviving dependents’ pensions, longer claim periods or earlier claims may result in higher benefit obligations, higher
benefit expense and / or higher pension payments than previously anticipated.

Investment risks
If the actual return on plan assets were below the return anticipated on the basis of the discount rate, the
net defined benefit liability would increase, assuming there were no changes in other parameters. This
could happen as a result of a drop in share prices, increases in market rates of interest, default of individual debtors or the purchase of low-risk but low-interest bonds, for example.

Interest-rate risk
A decline in capital market interest rates, especially for high-quality corporate bonds, would increase the
defined benefit obligation. This effect would be at least partially offset by the ensuing increase in the market values of the debt instruments held.

Measurement parameters and their sensitivities
The following weighted parameters were used to measure the obligations for pensions and other postemployment benefits as of December 31 of the respective year:
B 25/7

Parameters for Benefit Obligations
Germany
%

Other countries

Total

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

1.80

1.90

Pension obligations
Discount rate

3.25

2.95

2.15

2.15

of which U.S.A

3.70

3.40

3.70

3.40

of which U.K.

2.65

2.50

2.65

2.50

Projected future salary increases

2.75

2.75

3.50

3.60

2.95

2.95

Projected future benefit increases

1.50

1.70

3.35

3.25

1.95

2.10

–

–

4.35

4.25

4.35

4.25

Other post-employment benefit obligations
Discount rate

The data selection criteria used to determine the discount rate in the eurozone were modified starting in
the third quarter of 2017 in connection with the deconsolidation of Covestro. As before, the underlying
bond portfolio consists entirely of high-quality corporate bonds with a minimum AA or AAA rating. It no
longer contains corporate bonds issued by government-owned entities. The bond portfolio includes corporate bonds of special-purpose entities and exchange-traded corporate bonds. Without these modifications, the interest rate as of December 31, 2017, would have been 20 basis points lower. Provisions for
pensions would therefore have been €0.6 billion higher.
In Germany the Heubeck 2005 G mortality tables were used, in the United States the RP-2014 Mortality
Tables, and in the United Kingdom 95% of S1NXA.

275

276

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The following weighted parameters were used to measure the expense for pension and other postemployment benefits in the respective year:
B 25/8

Parameters for Benefit Expense
Germany

Other countries

Total

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

Discount rate

2.40

1.80

3.85

3.25

2.75

2.15

Projected future salary increases

3.00

2.75

3.35

3.50

3.10

2.95

Projected future benefit increases

1.75

1.50

3.20

3.35

2.15

1.95

–

–

4.45

4.35

4.45

4.35

%

Pension obligations

Other post-employment benefit obligations
Discount rate

The parameter sensitivities were computed by expert actuaries based on a detailed evaluation similar to
that performed to obtain the data presented in Table B 25/3. Altering individual parameters by 0.5 percentage points (mortality by 10% per beneficiary) while leaving the other parameters unchanged would have
impacted pension and other post-employment benefit obligations as of year-end 2017 as follows:
B 25/9

Sensitivity of Benefit Obligations
Germany
€ million

Other countries

Total

Increase

Decrease

Increase

Decrease

Increase

Decrease

(1,417)

1,620

(414)

468

(1,831)

2,088

50

(47)

137

(129)

Pension obligations
0.5%-pt. change in discount rate
0.5%-pt. change in projected future
salary increases

87

(82)

0.5%-pt. change in projected future
benefit increases

921

(841)

146

(110)

1,067

(951)

10% change in mortality

(587)

660

(172)

176

(759)

836

0.5%-pt. change in discount rate

–

–

(36)

39

(36)

39

10% change in mortality

–

–

(20)

22

(20)

22

Other post-employment benefit obligations

B 25/10

Sensitivity of Benefit Obligations (prior year)
Germany

Other countries

Total

Increase

Decrease

Increase

Decrease

Increase

Decrease

0.5%-pt. change in discount rate

(1,752)

2,014

(478)

539

(2,230)

2,553

0.5%-pt. change in projected future
salary increases

135

(125)

50

(47)

185

(172)

0.5%-pt. change in projected future
benefit increases

1,107

(1,009)

139

(94)

1,246

(1,103)

10% change in mortality

(670)

752

(195)

209

(865)

961

0.5%-pt. change in discount rate

–

–

(48)

53

(48)

53

10% change in mortality

–

–

(24)

27

(24)

27

€ million

Pension obligations

Other post-employment benefit obligations

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Provisions are also set up for the obligations, mainly of U.S. subsidiaries, to provide post-employment
benefits in the form of health care cost payments for retirees. The valuation of health care costs was based
on the assumption that they will increase at a rate of 6.5% (2016: 6.8%), which should gradually decline to
5.0% by 2023 (assumption in 2016: gradually decline to 5.0% by 2023). The following table shows the
impact on other post-employment benefit obligations and total benefit expense of a one-percentage-point
change in the assumed cost increase rates:
B 25/11

Sensitivity to Health Care Cost Increases
Increase of one
percentage point

Decrease of one
percentage point

2016

2017

2016

2017

Impact on other post-employment benefit obligations

77

55

(66)

(47)

Impact on benefit expense

4

3

(3)

(3)

€ million

Payments made and expected future payments
The following payments or asset contributions correspond to the employer contributions made or expected
to be made to funded benefit plans:
B 25/12

Employer Contributions Paid or Expected
Germany

Other countries

€ million

2016

2017

2018
expected

2016

2017

2018
expected

Pension obligations

878

593

42

151

146

104

–

–

–

1

(21)

1

878

593

42

152

125

105

Other post-employment benefit obligations
Total

Bayer has currently committed to make deficit contributions for its U.K. pension plans of approximately
GBP 16 million annually through 2019. For its U.S. pension plans, Bayer made payments of US$50 million
in 2017 and expects to make payments of US$50 million in 2018, the latter amount being subject to
change depending on future circumstances.
Pensions and other post-employment benefits payable in the future from funded and unfunded plans are
estimated as follows:
B 25/13

Future Benefit Payments
Payments out of plan assets

Payments by the company

Other postemployment
benefits
Pensions

Other postemployment
benefits
Pensions

Germany

Other
countries

Other
countries

Total

Germany

Other
countries

Other
countries

Total

2018

203

247

22

472

434

69

14

517

2019

205

247

23

475

439

66

16

521

2020

208

251

23

482

443

70

17

530

2021

211

259

24

494

449

77

18

544

2022

216

261

25

502

454

78

18

550

1,135

1,363

128

2,626

2,311

415

110

2,836

€ million

2023-2027

The weighted average term of the pension obligations is 17.0 years (2016: 18.0 years) in Germany and
13.8 years (2016: 13.3 years) in other countries. The weighted average term of the obligations for other
post-employment benefits in other countries is 11.5 years (2016: 11.5 years).

277

278

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

26. Other provisions
Changes in the various provision categories in 2017 were as follows:
B 26/1

Changes in Other Provisions

Other
Taxes

Environmental
protection

Restructuring

December 31, 2016

41

321

276

2,375

Divestments /
changes in the scope
of consolidation

(6)

(44)

(56)

(88)

€ million

Traderelated
commitments Litigations

Personnel
commitments

Miscellaneous

Total

512

3,290

386

7,201

(7)

(552)

(25)

(778)

Additions

19

34

103

5,440

172

2,706

332

8,806

Utilization

(18)

(32)

(101)

(4,423)

(199)

(2,720)

(255)

(7,748)

Reversal

(5)

(14)

(37)

(567)

(47)

(589)

(61)

(1,320)

Reclassification to
current liabilities

–

–

–

(11)

–

(2)

–

(13)

Interest cost

–

(2)

–

–

–

7

–

5

Exchange
differences

(2)

(20)

(14)

(245)

(38)

(102)

(22)

(443)

December 31, 2017

29

243

171

2,481

393

2,038

355

5,710

The provisions recognized in the statement of financial position as of December 31, 2017, were expected
to be utilized as follows:
B 26/2

Expected Utilization of Other Provisions

Other
Taxes

Environmental
protection

Restructuring

2018

12

69

109

2,313

258

2019

–

13

29

147

2020

–

8

11

9

2021

–

7

6

2022

–

2

2023 or later

17

Total

29

€ million

Traderelated
commitments Litigations

Personnel
commitments

Miscellaneous

Total

1,334

249

4,344

65

59

3

316

2

187

2

219

2

3

159

1

178

4

2

6

40

5

59

144

12

8

59

259

95

594

243

171

2,481

393

2,038

355

5,710

The provisions were partly offset by claims for refunds in the amount of €74 million (2016: €110 million),
which were recognized as receivables. These claims predominantly related to product liability.

Restructuring
Provisions for restructuring included €116 million (2016: €179 million) for severance payments and €55
million (2016: €97 million) for other restructuring expenses, which mainly comprised other costs related to
the closure of production facilities.
In the Pharmaceuticals segment, restructuring took place mainly in the areas of marketing and supply
network optimization as part of the Continuous Efficiency Program. In 2017, further use was made of the
restructuring provisions established for this program in previous years, primarily in Japan, France and the
United States. Provisions for the above and other restructuring measures in Pharmaceuticals as of December 31, 2017, totaled €45 million. Of this amount, severance payments accounted for €44 million and other
restructuring expenses for €1 million.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

In the Consumer Health segment, restructuring took place mainly in France, Germany and Italy. The restructuring measures in France and in Italy related to distribution, and in Germany to the discontinuation of
contract manufacturing of medical products for third parties. Provisions for restructuring in this segment
totaled €33 million as of December 31, 2017, with severance payments accounting for the entire amount.
In the Crop Science segment, provisions were established for the planned restructuring of the site in Institute, West Virginia, United States, to prepare for the termination of thiodicarb production. The restructuring
measures initiated in connection with the “Advancing our Leadership Strategy” program to improve customer centricity, innovation and efficiency continued to be implemented. Restructuring provisions for the
above and other measures at Crop Science as of December 31, 2017, totaled €73 million. Of this amount,
severance payments accounted for €21 million and other restructuring expenses for €52 million.
Provisions for restructuring in the Animal Health segment as of December 31, 2017, totaled €6 million. Of
this amount, severance payments accounted for €5 million and other restructuring expenses for €1 million.
In “All Other Segments,” provisions were established for the relocation of a shared service center in China
from Shanghai to Dalian. In addition, the provisions established in past years were utilized to implement
planned restructuring measures to enhance efficiency. The restructuring provisions totaled €14 million as of
December 31, 2017. Of this amount, severance payments accounted for €13 million and other restructuring expenses for €1 million.

Litigations
The legal risks currently considered to be material, and their development, are described in Note [32].

Personnel commitments
Stock-based compensation programs
Bayer offers stock-based compensation programs collectively to different groups of employees. As required by IFRS 2 (Share-based Payment) for compensation systems involving cash settlement, awards to
be made under the stock-based programs are covered by provisions in the amount of the fair value of the
obligations existing as of the date of the financial statements vis-à-vis the respective employee group. All
resulting valuation adjustments are recognized in profit or loss.
The following table shows the changes in provisions for the various programs:
B 26/3

Changes in Provisions for Stock-Based Compensation Programs
Aspire I

Aspire II

Aspire 2.0

Aspire I
Covestro

Aspire II
Covestro

Covestro
Prisma

Total

December 31, 2016

61

203

85

17

48

15

429

Acquisitions / divestments

–

–

–

(7)

(22)

(27)

(56)

Additions

54

163

292

2

5

15

531

€ million

Utilization

(51)

(157)

–

(8)

(27)

–

(243)

Reversal

(56)

(167)

(98)

(3)

(3)

(1)

(328)

Exchange differences

(2)

(7)

(16)

(1)

(1)

(2)

(29)

December 31, 2017

6

35

263

–

–

–

304

279

280

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The value of the Aspire tranches that were fully earned at the end of 2017, resulting in payments at the
beginning of 2018, was €34 million (2016: €241 million).
The net expense for all stock-based compensation programs (excluding Covestro) was €194 million (2016:
€87 million), including €5 million (2016: €5 million) for the BayShare stock participation program and expense of €1 million (2016: €1 million income) for grants of virtual Bayer shares.
The fair value of the obligations under the Aspire I, Aspire II and Aspire 2.0 programs (excluding Aspire
programs for Covestro) was calculated using the Monte Carlo simulation method based on the following
key parameters:
B 26/4

Parameters for Monte Carlo Simulation
Dividend yield

2016

2017

2.90%

2.46%

Risk-free interest rate

(0.67)%

(0.35)%

Volatility of Bayer stock

22.78%

15.49%

Volatility of EURO STOXX 50

11.66%

9.27%

0.67

0.71

Correlation between Bayer stock price and the EURO STOXX 50

Long-term incentive program for members of the Board of Management and other
senior executives (Aspire I)
From 2005 through 2015, members of the Board of Management and other senior executives were entitled
to participate in Aspire I on the condition that they purchased a certain number of Bayer shares – determined for each individual according to specific guidelines – and retained them for the full term of the program. A percentage of the executive’s annual base salary – according to his or her position – was defined
as a target for variable payments (Aspire target opportunity). Depending on the performance of Bayer
stock, both in absolute terms and relative to the EURO STOXX 50 index over a four-year performance
period, participants receive a payment of up to 300% of their individual Aspire target opportunity at the
end of the period. The prices used to determine the amount of the payment are the averages of the official
closing prices of Bayer shares over the last 30 stock-exchange trading days of the respective year. At the
start of 2017, a payment of 270% was made for the tranche issued in 2013. A payment of 20% was made
at the start of 2018 for the tranche issued in 2014.

Long-term incentive program for middle management (Aspire II)
From 2005 through 2015, other senior managers were offered Aspire II, which was similar to Aspire I but
did not require a personal investment in Bayer shares. The amount of the payment is based entirely on the
absolute performance of Bayer stock over a four-year period. The maximum payment is 250% of each
manager’s Aspire target opportunity. The prices used to determine the amount of the payment are the
averages of the official closing prices of Bayer shares over the last 30 stock-exchange trading days of the
respective year. At the start of 2017, a payment of 220% was made for the tranche issued in 2013. A
payment of 40% was made at the start of 2018 for the tranche issued in 2014.

Long-term incentive program Aspire 2.0
Since 2016, Aspire has been offered to all eligible employees in a new, standardized format named Aspire
2.0. For the Board of Management, there is an additional hurdle in the form of a comparison between the
performance of Bayer stock and that of the EURO STOXX 50. Each tranche runs for four years. Aspire 2.0
is also based on a percentage of each employee’s annual base salary, the percentage varying according to
his or her position. This target value is multiplied by the employee’s STI payment factor for the previous
year to give the Aspire grant value. The STI payment factor reflects the employee’s individual performance
and the business performance under the global short-term incentive program (STI). The Aspire grant value
is converted into virtual Bayer shares by dividing it by the share price at the start of the program. The program’s performance is based on these virtual shares. The fair value of the obligations is determined from
the price of Bayer stock at year end and the dividends paid up to that time. The payment made at the end
of each tranche is determined by multiplying the number of virtual shares by the Bayer share price at that

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

time and adding an amount equivalent to the dividends paid during the period of the tranche. The maximum payment for Aspire 2.0 is 250% of the Aspire grant value.

BayShare 2017
All management levels and nonmanagerial employees are offered an annual stock participation program
known as BayShare, under which Bayer subsidizes their personal investments in the company’s stock. The
discount under this program in 2017 was 20% (2016: 20%) of the subscription amount. Employees stated
a fixed amount that they wished to invest in shares. The maximum subscription amount in Germany was
set at €2,500 (2016: €2,500) or €5,000 (2016: €5,000), depending on the employee’s position. These
shares must be retained until December 31, 2018.
In 2017, employees purchased a total of about 229,000 shares (2016: 259,000 shares) under the BayShare program.

27. Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities were comprised as follows:
B 27/1

Financial Liabilities
Dec. 31, 2016

Dec. 31, 2017

Total

Of which
current

Total

Of which
current

Bonds and notes / promissory notes

15,991

2,010

12,436

505

Liabilities to banks

1,837

820

534

513

Liabilities under finance leases

436

59

238

32

Liabilities from derivatives

587

309

240

221

€ million

Other financial liabilities
Total

730

203

970

664

19,581

3,401

14,418

1,935

The development of financial liabilities in 2017 is outlined in Note [35].
A breakdown of financial liabilities by contractual maturity is given below:
B 27/2

Maturities of Financial Liabilities
€ million

Dec. 31, 2016

€ million

Dec. 31, 2017

2017

3,401

2018

1,935

2018

3,241

2019

2,155

2019

2,456

2020

1,248

2020

44

2021

2,096

2021

2,714

2022

2022 or later

7,725

2023 or later

6,895

Total

19,581

Total

14,418

89

281

282

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

In addition to promissory notes in the amount of €45 million (2016: €45 million), the Bayer Group has
issued the following bonds and notes:
B 27/3

Bonds and Notes
Effective
interest rate

Stated rate

Nominal volume

Dec. 31, 2016 Dec. 31, 2017
€ million
€ million

Bayer AG, Germany
1.253%

1.125% DIP bond 2014 / 2018 3

EUR 750 million

749

–

5.774%

5.625% DIP bond 2006 / 2018

GBP 250 million

292

281

5.541%

5.625% DIP bond 2006 / 2018 (increase)

GBP 100 million

117

113

0.050%

0.050% Exchangeable bond 4 2017 / 2020

EUR 1,000 million

–

1,220

2.086%

1.875% DIP bond 2014 / 2021

EUR 750 million

755

753

3.811%

3.750% Hybrid bond 2014 / 2024 5 / 2074

EUR 1,500 million

1,494

1,495

2.517%

2.375% Hybrid bond 2015 / 2022 5 / 2075

EUR 1,300 million

1,290

1,292

3.093%

3.000% Hybrid bond 2014 / 2020 5 / 2075

EUR 1,750 million

1,745

1,746

Bayer Capital Corporation B.V., Netherlands
1.333%

1.250% DIP bond 2014 / 2023

6.061%

5.625% Mandatory convertible notes 6 2016 / 2019

EUR 500 million

497

498

EUR 4,000 million

–

–

US$ 350 million

351

307
–

Bayer Corporation, U.S.A.
6.670%

6.650% Notes 1998 / 2028
Bayer Holding Ltd., Japan

0.858%

0.816% DIP bond 2012 / 2017

JPY 30 billion

243

1.493%

1.459% DIP bond 2010 / 2017

JPY 10 billion

81

–

3.654%

3.575% DIP bond 2008 / 2018

JPY 15 billion

122

111

0.629%

0.594% DIP bond 2013 / 2019

JPY 10 billion

81

74

0.270%

0.230% DIP bond 2017 / 2021

JPY 10 billion

–

74

0.301%

0.260% DIP bond 2017 / 2022

JPY 10 billion

–

74

EUR 500 million

500

–
–

Bayer Nordic SE, Finland
Floating 1

Floating 1 DIP bond 2014 / 2017
Bayer U.S. Finance LLC, U.S.A.

Floating 2

Floating 2 Notes 2014 / 2017

US$ 400 million

379

1.615%

1.500% Notes 2014 / 2017

US$ 850 million

806

–

2.564%

2.375% Notes 2014 / 2019

US$ 2,000 million

1,889

1,662

3.096%

3.000% Notes 2014 / 2021

US$ 1,500 million

1,419

1,247

3.579%

3.375% Notes 2014 / 2024

US$ 1,750 million

1,642

1,444

Floating

Floating DIP bond 2016 / 2018

EUR 500 million

500

–

1.076%

1.000% DIP bond 2016 / 2021

EUR 500 million

497

–

1.782%

1.750% DIP bond 2016 / 2024

EUR 500 million

497

–

15,946

12,391

Covestro AG, Germany

Total
1

Floating-rate coupon comprising three-month EURIBOR plus 22 basis points
Floating-rate coupon comprising three-month USD-LIBOR plus 28 basis points
3
Bond was early redeemed in October 2017
4
Bond can be redeemed in cash, Covestro shares or a combinaton thereof
5
Date of first option to early redeem the bond at par
6
The mandatory convertible notes were allocated to capital reserves and to other financial liabilities.
2

Debt Issuance Programme
An important means of external financing are the bonds issued under the Debt Issuance Programme (DIP).
Bayer Holding Ltd., Japan, issued two JPY 10 billion bonds under the DIP in May 2017.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Hybrid bonds
The hybrid bonds issued by Bayer AG are subordinated, and 50% of their amount is treated by Moody’s
and S & P Global Ratings as equity. They therefore have a more limited effect on the Group’s ratingrelevant debt indicators than senior borrowings.

Mandatory convertible notes
On November 22, 2016, Bayer Capital Corporation B.V. placed subordinated mandatory convertible notes
in the amount of €4,000 million, which will be converted into no-par shares of Bayer AG at maturity. The
notes represented the first part of the equity component of the financing for the planned acquisition of
Monsanto. The mandatory convertible notes were recognized in capital reserves and other financial liabilities.

Exchangeable bond
On June 14, 2017, Bayer AG issued bonds with a nominal value of €1,000 million which mature in 2020.
The issue price was 105.25 percent of the principal amount and the initial exchange price was fixed at
€80.93. These bonds can be settled in cash, by delivery of Covestro shares or by a combination thereof at
or prior to maturity. Applying the fair value option under IAS 39.11A, these debt instruments were designated as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss upon first-time recognition.
Bayer AG guarantees all the bonds issued by subsidiaries.

Lease liabilities
Lease payments totaling €365 million (2016: €609 million), including €127 million (2016: €173 million) in
interest, are to be made under finance leases to the respective lessors in future years.
The liabilities under finance leases mature as follows:
B 27/4

Lease Liabilities
€ million

Dec. 31, 2016

Maturity

€ million

Dec. 31, 2017

Maturity

Liabilities
under
finance
leases

Lease
payments

Interest
component

Liabilities
under
finance
leases

2017

88

29

59

2018

49

17

32

2018

76

24

52

2019

44

13

31

2019

68

21

47

2020

39

12

27

2020

59

17

42

2021

31

11

20

2021

57

15

42

2022

25

10

15

2022 or later

261

67

194

2023 or later

177

64

113

Total

609

173

436

Total

365

127

238

Lease
Interest
payments component

283

284

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Other financial liabilities
Other financial liabilities as of December 31, 2017, comprised €525 million (2016: €652 million) relating to
the mandatory convertible notes issued in November 2016, and €292 million (2016: €0 million) in commercial paper.

Other information
As of December 31, 2017, the Group had undrawn credit facilities at its disposal totaling €47 billion (2016:
€55 billion), including €43 billion, or US$52 billion (2016: €50 billion, or US$53 billion), in bridge financing
for the planned acquisition of Monsanto.
Further information on the accounting for liabilities from derivatives is given in Note [30].

28. Trade accounts payable
Trade accounts payable comprised €5,116 million (2016: €6,403 million) due within one year and €13 million (2016: €7 million) due after one year. As a result of the deconsolidation of Covestro, trade accounts
payable decreased by €1,286 million.

29. Other liabilities
Other liabilities comprised:
B 29/1

Other Liabilities
Dec. 31, 2016
Total

Of which
current

Other tax liabilities

544

Deferred income

1,463

Liabilities to employees

Dec. 31, 2017
Total

Of which
current

527

420

418

651

1,156

195

229

219

181

164

Liabilities for social expenses

168

157

138

130

Accrued interest on liabilities

186

181

149

139

Miscellaneous liabilities

788

686

724

606

3,378

2,421

2,768

1,652

€ million

Total

Deferred income included an upfront payment, originally amounting to US$1 billion, in connection with the
strategic pharmaceutical collaboration agreed between Bayer and Merck & Co., Inc., United States, in the
field of soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) modulation. This deferred income is being amortized over a period
of 13.5 years as the obligations are satisfied. At the end of 2017, the remaining amount of deferred income
was €601 million (2016: €660 million). In addition, a milestone achieved in 2017 in the course of the collaboration led to the recognition of €291 million in deferred income at year end.
Deferred income also included the proceeds from the sale of the Diabetes Care business at the beginning
of 2016. As at December 31, 2016, the amount deferred was €469 million. The original proceeds of
around €1 billion were accrued over a period of 24 months in line with the rendering of the services and
were fully realized by the end of 2017.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The deferred income included €48 million (2016: €62 million) in grants and subsidies received from governments, of which €17 million (2016: €15 million) was reversed through profit or loss.
The miscellaneous liabilities included financing commitments of US$195 million (2016: US$255 million) for
the joint venture Casebia Therapeutics LLP, United Kingdom, established in December 2015 with CRISPR
Therapeutics AG, Switzerland, and a further financing commitment of US$70 million for the joint venture
Cooksonia Opco LLC, United States, established in September 2017 with Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc., United
States, which will operate in the area of the plant microbiome.
The miscellaneous liabilities included €321 million (2016: €271 million) from derivatives.

30. Financial instruments
The system used by the Bayer Group to manage credit risks, liquidity risks and the different types of market price risk (interest-rate and currency risks), together with its objectives, methods and procedures, is
outlined in the Opportunity and Risk Report, which forms part of the Combined Management Report.

30.1 Financial instruments by category
The following table shows the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and liabilities for each
financial instrument category and a reconciliation to the corresponding line item in the statements of financial position. Since the line items “Other receivables,” “Trade accounts payable” and “Other liabilities” contain both financial instruments and nonfinancial assets or liabilities (such as other tax receivables or advance payments for services to be received in the future), the reconciliation is shown in the column headed
“Nonfinancial assets / liabilities.”

285

286

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

B 30.1/1

Carrying Amounts and Fair Values of Financial Instruments
Dec.31, 2017
Carried at
amortized
cost

Nonfinancial
Carried at fair value
assets /
[fair value for information 1 ]
liabilities
Based on
quoted
prices in
Based on
Based on
active observable unobservmarkets market data able inputs
(Level 1)
(Level 2)
(Level 3)

€ million

Carrying
amount

Carrying
amount

Carrying
amount

Carrying
amount

Carrying
amount
in the
statement
Carrying of financial
amount
position

Trade accounts receivable

8,582

8,582

Loans and receivables

8,582

8,582

Other financial assets
Loans and receivables

1,823

452

1,731

Available-for-sale financial assets

35

Held-to-maturity financial assets

57

448

Derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting
Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting
Other receivables
Loans and receivables

2,085

803

5,163

793

2,728

[1,731]

4

1,452

1,731

[58]

57

296

296

337

380

10
46

380

[380]

Available-for-sale financial assets

380

7,581

Loans and receivables

7,581

of which available-for-sale financial assets
Financial liabilities
Carried at amortized cost

18,366
35

7,581

452

2,085

849

448

1,452

839

1,220

240

14,418

12,958

[11,327]

[2,183]

12,958

1,220

1,220

Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting

53

187
53

4,568

561

4,568
681

2

681

319

7

681
7

2

288

31

33

Nonfinancial liabilities

1,759
18,207

1,222

559

18,207

7

1,759
19,995
18,207

of which derivatives that qualify
for hedge accounting

1

2,768

288

Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting

of which derivatives that do not qualify
for hedge accounting

561

1,759

7

Derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting

of which carried at amortized cost

561
[681]

Carried at fair value (non-derivative)

Total financial liabilities

5,129
4,568

Nonfinancial liabilities
Carried at amortized cost

2,774

12,958

187

Other liabilities

21,752
18,274

Derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting

Carried at amortized cost

1,250
7,581

[7,581]

18,274

Carried at fair value (non-derivative)

Trade accounts payable

46
1,250

Cash and cash equivalents

of which loans and receivables

1,676

46

Nonfinancial assets

Total financial assets

351
1,250

2

475

475

84

86

Fair value of the financial instruments carried at amortized cost; the exemption provisions under IFRS 7.29(a) were applied for information on specific fair values.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements

287

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

B 30.1/2

Carrying Amounts and Fair Values of Financial Instruments
Dec. 31, 2016
Carried at
amortized
cost

Nonfinancial
Carried at fair value [fair value for
assets /
information 1 ]
liabilities
Based on
quoted
Based on
Based on
prices in
active observable
unobsermarkets market data vable inputs
(Level 1)
(Level 2)
(Level 3)

€ million

Carrying
amount

Carrying
amount

Carrying
amount

Carrying
amount

Carrying
amount
in the
statement
Carrying of financial
amount
position

Trade accounts receivable

10,969

10,969

Loans and receivables

10,969

10,969

Other financial assets
Loans and receivables

2,245

523

2,148

Available-for-sale financial assets

32

Held-to-maturity financial assets

65

520

Derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting
Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting
Other receivables
Loans and receivables

3

3,985

803

[2,145]

[16]

2,148

3,283

794

4,629

[68]

65

269

269

433

633

9
57

633

633

1,899

Loans and receivables

1,899

Financial liabilities
Carried at amortized cost

57
2,103

Cash and cash equivalents

of which available-for-sale financial assets

2,793

57

Nonfinancial assets

of which loans and receivables

445
2,103

[633]

Available-for-sale financial assets

Total financial assets

7,556

15,746

1,899
[1,899]

1,899

523

3,985

860

21,114

520

3,283

851

587

19,581

[16,040]

[3,362]

18,994

312

312

15,649
32

15,649

18,994
18,994

2,103

4,686

Carried at fair value (non-derivative)

–

Derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting
Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting
Trade accounts payable
Carried at amortized cost

275

275

6,035

375

6,035

6,035

Nonfinancial liabilities
Other liabilities
Carried at amortized cost

840

2

840

252

25

840
8

2

87

165
17

Nonfinancial liabilities

106
2,259

25,869

2

839

25

25,869

2,259
26,735
25,869

of which derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting

1

3,378

165

Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting

of which derivatives that do not qualify
for hedge accounting

375

2,259

8

Derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting

of which carried at amortized cost

375
[840]

Carried at fair value (nonderivative)

Total financial liabilities

6,410

477
2

362

477
17

381

Fair value of the financial instruments carried at amortized cost; the exemption provisions under IFRS 7.29(a) were applied for information on specific fair values.

288

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The loans and receivables reflected in other financial assets and the liabilities measured at amortized cost
also include receivables and liabilities under finance leases in which Bayer is the lessor or lessee and which
are therefore measured in accordance with IAS 17.
Due to the short maturities of most trade accounts receivable and payable, other receivables and liabilities,
and cash and cash equivalents, their carrying amounts at the closing date do not significantly differ from
the fair values.
The fair values of loans and receivables, held-to-maturity financial investments and of financial liabilities
carried at amortized cost that are given for information are the present values of the respective future cash
flows. The present values are determined by discounting the cash flows at a closing-date interest rate,
taking into account the term of the assets or liabilities and the creditworthiness of the counterparty. Where
a market price is available, however, this is deemed to be the fair value.
The fair values of available-for-sale financial assets correspond to quoted prices in active markets (Level 1),
are determined using valuation techniques based on observable market data as of the end of the reporting
period (Level 2) or are the present values of the respective future cash flows, determined on the basis of
unobservable inputs (Level 3).
The fair values of derivatives for which no publicly quoted prices exist in active markets (Level 1) are determined using valuation techniques based on observable market data as of the end of the reporting period
(Level 2). In applying valuation techniques, credit value adjustments are determined to allow for the contracting party’s credit risk.
Currency and commodity forward contracts are measured individually at their forward rates or forward
prices on the closing date. These depend on spot rates or prices, including time spreads. The fair values of
interest-rate hedging instruments and cross-currency interest-rate swaps were determined by discounting
future cash flows over the remaining terms of the instruments at market rates of interest, taking into account any foreign currency translation as of the closing date.
Fair values measured using unobservable inputs are categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
This applies to certain available-for-sale debt or equity instruments, in some cases to the fair values of
embedded derivatives, and to obligations for contingent consideration in business combinations. Credit
risk is frequently the principal unobservable input used to determine the fair values of debt instruments
classified as available-for-sale financial assets by the discounted cash flow method. Here the credit
spreads of comparable issuers are applied. A significant increase in credit risk could result in a lower fair
value, whereas a significant decrease could result in a higher fair value. However, a relative change of 10%
in the credit spread does not materially affect the fair value.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements

289

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Embedded derivatives are separated from their respective host contracts. Such host contracts are generally sale or purchase agreements relating to the operational business. The embedded derivatives cause the
cash flows from the contracts to vary with exchange-rate or price fluctuations. The internal measurement
of embedded derivatives is mainly performed using the discounted cash flow method, which is based on
unobservable inputs. These include planned sales and purchase volumes, and prices derived from market
data. Regular monitoring is carried out based on these fair values as part of quarterly reporting.
Within financial liabilities, the fair value option permitted by IAS 39.11A was used for the first time for the
debt instruments issued in June 2017 (exchangeable bond 2017/2020). On first-time recognition, the bond
was designated as a financial liability at fair value through profit or loss.
The changes in the amount of financial assets and liabilities recognized at fair value based on unobservable inputs (Level 3) for each financial instrument category were as follows:
B 30.1/3

Development of Financial Assets and Liabilities (Level 3)
2016

€ million

Liabilities
Availablemeasured
for-sale
at fair
financial Derivatives value (nonassets
(net) derivative)

Total

2017
Liabilities
Availablecarried at
for-sale
fair value
financial Derivatives
(nonassets
(net) derivative)

Total

Carrying amounts of net assets /
(net liabilities), Jan. 1

833

9

(37)

805

851

(8)

(8)

835

Gains (losses) recognized
in profit or loss

18

(17)

23

24

15

21

–

36

1

15

21

–

36
(16)

of which related to assets / liabilities
recognized in the statements
of financial position

18

(17)

–

Gains (losses) recognized outside
profit or loss

9

–

–

9

(16)

–

–

Additions of assets / (liabilities)

46

–

–

46

6

–

–

6

Settlements of (assets) / liabilities

(23)

–

6

(17)

(17)

–

1

(16)

Disposals from divestments /
changes in scope of consolidation

–

–

–

–

–

(3)

–

(3)

Transfers to a different fair-value
hierarchy

(32)

–

–

(32)

–

–

–

–

Carrying amounts of net assets /
(net liabilities), Dec. 31

851

(8)

(8)

835

839

10

(7)

842

The changes recognized in profit or loss were included in other operating income / expenses, in interest
income in the financial result, and in exchange gains / losses.

290

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Income, expense, gains and losses on financial instruments can be assigned to the following categories:
B 30.1/4

Income, Expense, Gains and Losses on Financial Instruments
2017

Loans and
receivables

Held-tomaturity
financial
investments

Available
for-sale
financial
assets

Interest income

61

–

Interest expense

–

Income / expenses from affiliated
companies
Changes in fair value
Impairment losses

€ million

Held for
trading

Liabilities
carried at
amortized
cost

Liabilities
carried at
fair value
(nonderivative)

Total

37

–

78

–

176

–

–

(3)

(628)

–

(631)

–

–

2

–

–

–

2

–

–

–

17

–

(172)

(155)
(140)

(139)

–

(1)

–

–

–

Impairment loss reversals

23

–

5

–

–

–

28

Exchange gains / losses

(733)

–

–

(232)

620

–

(345)

Gains / losses from retirements

–

–

5

–

–

–

5

Other financial income / expenses

(14)

–

(7)

–

–

–

(21)

Net result

(802)

–

41

(218)

70

(172)

(1,081)

B 30.1/5

Income, Expense, Gains and Losses on Financial Instruments (Previous Year)
2016

Loans and
receivables

Held-tomaturity
financial
investments

Availablefor-sale
financial
assets

Held for
trading

Interest income

42

–

21

2

62

–

127

Interest expense

–

–

–

(3)

(597)

–

(600)

€ million

Liabilities
Liabilities carried at
carried at
fair value
amortized
(noncost derivative)

Total

Income / expenses
from affiliated companies

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

Changes in fair value

–

–

–

(71)

–

–

(71)

Impairment losses

(165)

(163)

–

(2)

–

–

–

Impairment loss reversals

23

–

–

–

–

–

23

Exchange gains / losses

348

–

–

(55)

(329)

–

(36)

Gains / losses from retirements

–

–

6

–

–

–

6

Other financial income / expenses

–

–

–

–

(34)

–

(34)

250

–

25

(127)

(898)

–

(750)

Net result
2016 figures restated

The interest expense of €628 million (2016: €597 million) from non-derivative financial liabilities also
included the income and expense from interest-rate swaps that qualified for hedge accounting. Interest
income from financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss amounted to €98 million
(2016: €63 million). Interest income from interest-rate derivatives that qualified for hedge accounting was
€78 million (2016: €62 million). The changes in fair values of financial assets held for trading related
mainly to forward commodity contracts and embedded derivatives.
The changes of minus €172 million in the fair value of (nonderivative) liabilities measured at fair value
contain fair value adjustments pertaining to debt instruments (exchangeable bond 2017/2020) issued in
June 2017. The changes in fair value relating to credit risks were not material.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Derivatives that form part of a master netting arrangement, constitute a financial asset or liability and can
only be netted in the event of breach of contract by, or insolvency of, one of the contracting parties do not
satisfy, or only partially satisfy, the criteria for offsetting in the statement of financial position according to
IAS 32. The volume of such derivatives with positive fair values was €654 million (2016: €630 million), and
the volume with negative fair values was €520 million (2016: €762 million). Included here is an amount of
€312 million (2016: €362 million) in positive and negative fair values of derivatives concluded with the same
contracting party.

30.2 Maturity analysis
The liquidity risks to which the Bayer Group was exposed from its financial instruments at the end of the
reporting period comprised obligations for future interest and repayment installments on financial liabilities
and the liquidity risk arising from derivatives.
There were also loan commitments under an as yet unpaid €1,005 million (2016: €1,005 million) portion of
the effective initial fund of Bayer-Pensionskasse VVaG, which may result in further payments by Bayer AG
in subsequent years.
B 30.2/1

Maturity Analysis of Financial Instruments
Dec. 31,
2017
€ million

2018

2019

2020

Carrying
amount

2021

2022

after
2022

Interest and repayment

Financial liabilities
Bonds and notes / promissory notes

12,436

719

2,096

1,487

2,288

236

Liabilities to banks

534

527

20

–

–

–

7,125
–

Remaining liabilities

1,208

716

359

40

32

26

177

Trade accounts payable

4,568

4,555

11

2

–

–

–

Accrued interest on liabilities

149

140

1

1

1

1

5

Remaining liabilities

539

455

66

3

2

2

11

Derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting

475

443

34

–

6

–

–

Derivatives that do not qualify
for hedge accounting

86

88

1

2

–

–

–

Derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting

296

144

62

17

2

–

–

Derivatives that do not qualify
for hedge accounting

351

331

4

1

1

–

–

Loan commitments

–

1,005

–

–

–

–

–

Financial guarantees

–

12

–

–

–

–

–

Other liabilities

Liabilities from derivatives

Receivables from derivatives

291

292

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

B 30.2/2

Maturity Analysis of Financial Instruments
Dec. 31,
2016
€ million

2017

2018

2019

Carrying
amount

2020

2021

after
2021

Interest and repayment

Financial liabilities
Bonds and notes / promissory notes

15,991

2,261

2,160

2,367

295

2,916

Liabilities to banks

1,837

884

998

39

–

–

8,093
9

Remaining liabilities

1,166

293

303

382

61

58

268

Trade accounts payable

6,035

6,028

4

2

1

–

–

Accrued interest on liabilities

186

181

1

1

1

–

2

Remaining liabilities

662

626

3

5

2

1

25

Derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting

477

178

231

157

2

–

–

Derivatives that do not qualify
for hedge accounting

381

374

3

4

2

1

1

Derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting

269

210

23

4

3

2

–

Derivatives that do not qualify
for hedge accounting

445

467

2

2

1

1

1

Loan commitments

–

1,213

–

–

–

–

–

Financial guarantees

–

14

–

–

–

–

3

Other liabilities

Liabilities from derivatives

Receivables from derivatives

30.3 Information on derivatives
Asset and liability fair values and future cash flows are exposed to currency, interest-rate and commodity
price risks. Derivatives are used to reduce this risk. In some cases they are designated as hedging instruments in a hedge accounting relationship.

Currency risks
Foreign currency receivables and liabilities are hedged using foreign exchange derivatives without the existence of a hedge accounting relationship. A bond of Bayer AG denominated in British pounds was
swapped on the issuance date into a fixed-rate euro bond by means of a cross-currency interest-rate
swap, which was designated as a cash flow hedge. Cross-currency interest-rate swaps used to hedge
intra-Group loans were also designated as cash flow hedges.
Fluctuations in future cash flows resulting from forecasted foreign currency transactions and procurement
activities are avoided partly through derivatives contracts, most of which are designated as cash flow
hedges.
Foreign currency risks related to the planned acquisition of Monsanto Company were partially hedged with
currency derivatives, which were designated as cash flow hedges.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Interest-rate risk
The interest-rate risks from fixed-interest borrowings are managed in part using interest-rate swaps.
Two interest-rate swaps in the total amount of €200 million were designated as fair value hedges for the
€750 million DIP bond issued in 2014 and maturing in 2021.
Losses of €3 million were recorded on fair-value hedging instruments in 2017 (2016: €1 million). Gains of
€4 million were recorded on the underlying hedged items (2016: €1 million).
Interest-rate risks relating to the planned acquisition of Monsanto were partly hedged using interest-rate
derivatives. These were designated as cash flow hedges.

Commodity price risks
Hedging contracts are also used to partly reduce exposure to fluctuations in future cash outflows and
inflows resulting from price changes on procurement and selling markets.

Hedging of obligations under stock-based employee compensation programs
A portion of the obligations to make variable payments to employees under stock-based compensation
programs (Aspire) is hedged against share price fluctuations using derivatives contracts that are settled in
cash at maturity. These derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges.

Further information on cash flow hedges
Other comprehensive income from cash flow hedges declined in 2017 by €89 million (2016: increased by
€44 million) due to changes in the fair values of derivatives net of tax. Total changes of €3 million in the fair
values of derivatives were expensed in 2017 (2016: €3 million). The respective pro-rated deferred tax income of €2 million (2016: €2 million) was likewise recognized through profit or loss.
No material ineffective portions of hedges required recognition through profit or loss in 2017 or 2016.
The income and expense from cash flow hedges recognized in other comprehensive income as at December 31, 2017, mainly comprised gains of €177 million (2016: €204 million) and losses of €289 million
(2016: €143 million) from the hedging of forecasted transactions in foreign currencies and the planned
acquisition of Monsanto Company. Of these gains and losses, a net amount of €102 million (2016: minus
€91 million) will be re-classifiable to profit or loss within one year, and a net amount of minus €17 million
(2016: €2 million) in subsequent years.

293

294

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The fair values of existing contracts in the major categories at the end of the reporting period are indicated
in the following table together with the included volumes of hedges.
B 30.3/1

Fair Values of Derivatives
Dec. 31, 2016

Dec. 31, 2017

Notional
amount 1

Positive
fair value

Negative
fair value

Notional
amount 1

Positive
fair value

Negative
fair value

Currency hedging of recorded transactions

22,645

299

(587)

12,321

233

(240)

Forward exchange contracts

20,454

296

(273)

10,399

144

(53)

Cross-currency interest-rate swaps

2,191

3

(314)

1,922

89

(187)

2,146

3

(312)

1,880

87

(187)

Currency hedging of forecasted transactions

17,799

317

(206)

9,475

116

(194)

Forward exchange contracts

3,805

48

(145)

9,292

105

(194)

of which cash flow hedges

3,672

43

(138)

9,205

103

(192)

13,994

269

(61)

183

11

–

13,698

161

(5)

183

11

–

Interest-rate hedging of recorded
transactions

200

14

–

200

11

–

Interest-rate swaps

200

14

–

200

11

–

200

14

–

200

11

–

€ million

of which cash flow hedges

Currency options
of which cash flow hedges

of which fair value hedges
Interest-rate hedging of forecasted
transactions

–

–

–

9,086

64

(81)

Interest-rate swaps

–

–

–

9,086

64

(81)

–

–

–

9,086

64

(81)

–

–

–

–

–

–

Commodity price hedging

168

5

(4)

420

6

(3)

Forward commodity contracts

167

4

(4)

414

6

(3)

Commodity option contracts

1

1

–

6

–

–

of which cash flow hedges

Hedging of stock-based employee
compensation programs

532

48

(22)

544

20

(15)

Share price options

152

48

–

75

5

–

152

48

–

75

5

–

380

–

(22)

469

15

(15)

380

–

(22)

469

15

(15)

Total

41,344

683

(819)

32,046

450

(533)

of which current derivatives

38,349

635

(514)

30,259

317

(499)

for currency hedging

38,111

597

(510)

20,678

242

(415)

–

3

–

9,086

64

(81)

for raw material price hedging

168

5

(4)

420

6

(3)

for hedging of stock-based employee
compensation programs

70

30

–

75

5

–

of which cash flow hedges
Forward share transactions
of which cash flow hedges

for interest-rate hedging 2

1
2

The notional amount is reported as gross volume, which also contains economically closed hedges.
The portion of the fair value of long-term interest-rate swaps that relates to current interest payments was classified as current.

Other information
In connection with the sale of Covestro AG shares in 2017, Bayer AG entered into derivative contracts.
These resulted in Bayer AG retaining economic exposure to the price of Covestro AG shares. As at the end
of the year, Bayer AG continued to hold derivatives on the Covestro AG shares with a notional amount of
€752 million, and had generated a gain of €50 million from these derivatives. The derivatives had a fair
value of €150 million as of December 31, 2017, that was also recognized in profit and loss.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

31. Contingent liabilities and other financial commitments
Contingent liabilities
The following warranty contracts, guarantees and other contingent liabilities existed at the end of the reporting period:
B 31/1

Contingent Liabilities
€ million

Dec. 31, 2016 Dec. 31, 2017

Warranties

100

88

Guarantees

264

148

Other contingent liabilities

444

614

Total

808

850

The guarantees mainly comprise a declaration issued by Bayer AG to the trustees of the U.K. pension
plans guaranteeing the pension obligations of Bayer Public Limited Company and Bayer CropScience
Limited. Under the declaration, Bayer AG – in addition to the two companies – undertakes to make further
payments into the plans upon receipt of a payment request from the trustees. The net liability with respect
to these defined benefit plans as of December 31, 2017, declined to €148 million (2016: €264 million).

Other financial commitments
The other financial commitments were as follows:
B 31/2

Other Financial Commitments
€ million

Dec. 31, 2016 Dec. 31, 2017

Operating leases

1,101

801

Commitments under purchase agreements for property, plant and equipment

479

493

Contractual obligation to acquire intangible assets

243

83

Capital contribution commitments

182

149

53,000

47,000

Unpaid portion of the effective initial fund

1,213

1,005

Potential payment obligations under R&D collaboration agreements

2,444

2,349

Revenue-based milestone payment commitments

1,839

1,923

Total

60,501

53,803

Binding acquisition agreement with Monsanto Company, St. Louis, Missouri, U.S.A. 1

1

The contingent financial commitment of approximately US$56 billion was translated at the closing rate and rounded.

On September 14, 2016, Bayer signed a definitive merger agreement with Monsanto Company, St. Louis,
Missouri, United States, which provides for Bayer’s acquisition of all outstanding shares in Monsanto
Company against a cash payment of US$128 per share. Bayer thus has a contingent financial commitment
in the amount of approximately US$56 billion to acquire Monsanto’s entire outstanding capital stock. Further details of this planned acquisition are given in Note [6.2].
Financial commitments resulting from orders already placed under purchase agreements related to planned
or ongoing capital expenditure projects totaled €493 million (2016: €479 million), while contractual obligations to acquire intangible assets totaled €83 million (2016: €243 million).

295

296

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

The nondiscounted future minimum lease payments relating to operating leases totaled €801 million (2016:
€1,101 million). The decline is largely due to the deconsolidation of Covestro. The maturities of the respective payment obligations were as follows:
B 31/3

Operating Leases
Maturing in

Dec. 31, 2016

Maturing in

€ million

Dec. 31, 2017
€ million

2017

237

2018

166

2018

192

2019

143

2019

161

2020

124

2020

138

2021

93

2021

102

2022

73

271

2023 or later

202

Total

801

2022 or later
Total

1,101

The Bayer Group has entered into cooperation agreements with third parties under which it has agreed to
fund various research and development projects or has assumed other payment obligations based on the
achievement of certain milestones or other specific conditions. If all of these payments have to be made,
their maturity distribution as of December 31, 2017, was expected to be as set forth in the following table.
The amounts shown represent the maximum payments to be made, and it is unlikely that they will all fall
due. Since the achievement of the conditions for payment is highly uncertain, both the amounts and the
dates of the actual payments may vary considerably from those stated in the table.
B 31/4

Potential Payment Obligations Under R&D Collaboration Agreements
Maturing in

Dec. 31, 2016

Maturing in

€ million

Dec. 31, 2017
€ million

2017

233

2018

157

2018

151

2019

510

2019

333

2020

143

2020

66

2021

143

2021

28

2022

54

2022 or later

1,633

2023 or later

1,342

Total

2,444

Total

2,349

In addition to the above commitments, there were also revenue-based milestone payment commitments
totaling €1,923 million (2016: €1,839 million), of which €1,764 million (2016: €1,834 million) was not expected to fall due until 2023 (2016: 2022) or later. These commitments are also highly uncertain.

32. Legal risks
As a global company with a diverse business portfolio, the Bayer Group is exposed to numerous legal
risks, particularly in the areas of product liability, competition and antitrust law, anticorruption, patent disputes, tax assessments and environmental matters. The outcome of any current or future proceedings
cannot normally be predicted. It is therefore possible that legal or regulatory judgments or future settlements could give rise to expenses that are not covered, or not fully covered, by insurers’ compensation
payments and could significantly affect our revenues and earnings.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Legal proceedings currently considered to involve material risks are outlined below. The legal proceedings
referred to do not represent an exhaustive list.

Product-related litigation
Mirena™: As of January 30, 2018, lawsuits from approximately 2,900 users of Mirena™, a levonorgestrel-

releasing intrauterine system providing long-term contraception, had been served upon Bayer in the United
States (excluding lawsuits no longer pending). Plaintiffs allege personal injuries resulting from the use of
Mirena™, including perforation of the uterus, ectopic pregnancy or idiopathic intracranial hypertension, and
seek compensatory and punitive damages. Plaintiffs claim, inter alia, that Mirena™ is defective and that
Bayer knew or should have known of the risks associated with it and failed to adequately warn its users.
Additional lawsuits are anticipated. In April 2017, most of the cases pending in U.S. federal courts in which
plaintiffs allege idiopathic intracranial hypertension were consolidated in a multidistrict litigation (“MDL”)
proceeding for common pre-trial management. As of January 30, 2018, lawsuits from approximately 400
users of Mirena™ alleging idiopathic intracranial hypertension had been served upon Bayer in the United
States. Another MDL proceeding concerning perforation cases has, in the meantime, been dismissed. The
Second Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the perforation MDL district court’s summary judgment order of
2016 dismissing approximately 1,230 cases pending before that court. In August 2017, Bayer reached an
agreement in principle with plaintiffs’ counsel leadership for global settlement of the perforation litigation,
for a total amount of US$12.2 million. As of January 30, 2018, a total of approximately 4,000 cases would
be included in the settlement. The idiopathic intracranial hypertension MDL proceeding is not included in
the settlement.
As of January 30, 2018, five Canadian lawsuits relating to Mirena™ seeking class action certification had
been served upon Bayer. Bayer believes it has meritorious defenses and intends to defend itself vigorously.
Xarelto™: As of January 30, 2018, U.S. lawsuits from approximately 22,000 recipients of Xarelto™, an oral
anticoagulant for the treatment and prevention of blood clots, had been served upon Bayer. Plaintiffs allege
personal injuries from the use of Xarelto™, including cerebral, gastrointestinal or other bleeding and death,
and seek compensatory and punitive damages. They claim, amongst other things, that Xarelto™ is defective and that Bayer knew or should have known of these risks associated with the use of Xarelto™ and
failed to adequately warn its users. Additional lawsuits are anticipated. Cases pending in U.S. federal
courts have been consolidated in an MDL for common pre-trial management. In May, June and August
2017, the first three MDL trials resulted in complete defense verdicts; plaintiffs have appealed all three
verdicts. In January 2018, after the first trial to proceed in Pennsylvania state court had initially resulted in a
judgment in favor of the plaintiff, the trial judge vacated the jury’s verdict and granted judgment in favor of
Bayer. Further Pennsylvania state court trials are currently scheduled for the first and second quarters of
2018. Bayer anticipates that additional trials will be scheduled.

As of January 30, 2018, ten Canadian lawsuits relating to Xarelto™ seeking class action certification had
been served upon Bayer. Bayer believes it has meritorious defenses and intends to defend itself vigorously.

297

298

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Essure™: As of January 30, 2018, U.S. lawsuits from approximately 16,100 users of Essure™, a medical
device offering permanent birth control with a nonsurgical procedure, had been served upon Bayer. Plaintiffs allege personal injuries from the use of Essure™, including hysterectomy, perforation, pain, bleeding,
weight gain, nickel sensitivity, depression and unwanted pregnancy, and seek compensatory and punitive
damages. Additional lawsuits are anticipated.

As of January 30, 2018, two Canadian lawsuits relating to Essure™ seeking class action certification had
been served upon Bayer. Bayer believes it has meritorious defenses and intends to defend itself vigorously.
Class actions over neonicotinoids in Canada: Proposed class actions against Bayer were filed in Quebec

and Ontario (Canada) concerning crop protection products containing the active substances imidacloprid
and clothianidin (neonicotinoids). Plaintiffs are honey producers, who have filed a proposed nationwide
class action in Ontario and a Quebec-only class action in Quebec. Plaintiffs claim for damages and punitive
damages and allege Bayer and another crop protection company were negligent in the design, development, marketing and sale of neonicotinoid pesticides. The proposed Ontario class action is in a very early
procedural phase. In Quebec, the plaintiff sought authorization (certification) of a class for which a motion
was heard in November 2017. Bayer believes it has meritorious defenses and intends to defend itself
vigorously.
In connection with the above-mentioned proceedings, Bayer is insured against statutory product liability
claims against Bayer to the extent customary in the respective industries and has, based on the information currently available, taken appropriate accounting measures for anticipated defense costs. However,
the accounting measures relating to Essure™ claims exceed the available insurance coverage.

Patent disputes
Adempas™: In January 2018, Bayer filed patent infringement lawsuits in a U.S. federal court against Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited, Alembic Global Holding SA, Alembic Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and INC Research, LLC (together “Alembic”), against MSN Laboratories Private Limited and MSN Pharmaceuticals Inc.
(together “MSN”) and against Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
(together “Teva”). In December 2017, Bayer had received notices of an Abbreviated New Drug Application
with a paragraph IV certification (“ANDA IV”) pursuant to which Alembic, MSN and Teva each seek approval of a generic version of Bayer’s pulmonary hypertension drug Adempas™ in the United States.
Betaferon™ / Betaseron™: In 2010, Bayer filed a complaint against Biogen Idec MA Inc. in a U.S. federal

court seeking a declaration by the court that a patent issued to Biogen in 2009 is invalid and not infringed
by Bayer’s production and distribution of Betaseron™, Bayer’s drug product for the treatment of multiple
sclerosis. Biogen is alleging patent infringement by Bayer through Bayer’s production and distribution of
Betaseron™ and Extavia™ and has sued Bayer accordingly. Bayer manufactures Betaseron™ and distributes the product in the United States. Extavia™ is also a drug product for the treatment of multiple sclerosis; it is manufactured by Bayer, but distributed in the United States by Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, another defendant in the lawsuit. In 2016, the U.S. federal court decided a disputed issue regarding
the scope of the patent in Biogen’s favor. Bayer disagrees with the decision, which may be appealed at the
conclusion of the proceedings in the U.S. federal court.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Damoctocog alfa pegol (BAY 94-9027, long-acting recombinant factor VIII): In August 2017, Bayer filed a

lawsuit in a U.S. federal court against Nektar Therapeutics (“Nektar”), Baxalta Incorporated and Baxalta
U.S., Inc. (together “Baxalta”) seeking a declaration by the court that a patent by Nektar is invalid and not
infringed by Bayer’s drug candidate BAY 94-9027 for the treatment of hemophilia A. In September 2017,
Baxalta and Nektar filed a complaint in a different U.S. federal court against Bayer alleging that BAY
94-9027 infringes seven other patents by Nektar. Regarding the complaint by Bayer, Nektar and Baxalta
gave Bayer a covenant not to make any claims against Bayer for infringement of that patent. Bayer
amended the complaint to now seek a declaration by the court that the seven other patents by Nektar are
not infringed by BAY 94-9027. The patents are part of a patent family registered in the name of Nektar and
further comprising European patent applications with the title “Polymer-factor VIII moiety conjugates”
which are at issue in a lawsuit Bayer filed against Nektar in 2013 in the district court of Munich, Germany.
In this proceeding, Bayer claims rights to the European patent applications based on a past collaboration
between Bayer and Nektar in the field of hemophilia. However, Bayer believes that the patent family does
not include any valid patent claim relevant for Bayer’s drug candidate BAY 94-9027 for the treatment of
hemophilia A.
Nexavar™: In 2015, Bayer filed patent infringement lawsuits in a U.S. federal court against Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Mylan Inc. (together “Mylan”). In 2014 and 2015, Bayer had received notices of an ANDA
IV application pursuant to which Mylan seeks approval of a generic version of Bayer’s cancer drug
Nexavar™ in the United States. In October 2017, Bayer reached agreement with Mylan to settle this patent
dispute. Under the settlement terms, Mylan will obtain a license to sell its generic version of NexavarTM in
the United States at a date after the expiration of the patent for the active ingredient expiring in January
2020. In 2016, Bayer had received another notice of such an ANDA IV application by Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. Bayer filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Teva in the same U.S. federal court. In
January 2018, Bayer reached agreement with Teva to settle this patent dispute. Under the settlement
terms, Teva will obtain a license to sell its generic version of NexavarTM in the United States at a date after
the expiration of the patent for the active ingredient expiring in January 2020.
Stivarga™: In 2016, Bayer filed patent infringement lawsuits in a U.S. federal court against Apotex, Inc.
and Apotex Corp. (together “Apotex”) and against Teva. Bayer had received notices of an ANDA IV application pursuant to which Apotex and Teva each seek approval of a generic version of Bayer’s cancer drug
Stivarga™ in the United States.
Xarelto™: In 2015, Bayer and Janssen Pharmaceuticals filed a patent infringement lawsuit in a U.S. federal

court against Aurobindo Pharma Limited, Aurobindo Pharma USA, Inc. (together “Aurobindo”), Breckenridge Pharmaceutical Inc. (“Breckenridge”), Micro Labs Ltd., Micro Labs USA Inc. (together “Micro Labs”),
Mylan, Prinston Pharmaceutical Inc. (“Prinston”), Sigmapharm Laboratories, LLC (“Sigmapharm”), Torrent
Pharmaceuticals, Limited and Torrent Pharma Inc. (together “Torrent”). Bayer had received notices of an
ANDA IV application by Aurobindo, Breckenridge, Micro Labs, Mylan, Prinston, Sigmapharm and Torrent,
each seeking approval to market a generic version of Xarelto™, an oral anticoagulant for the treatment and
prevention of blood clots, in the United States. In 2016, Bayer received another notice of such an ANDA IV
application by InvaGen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“InvaGen”). Bayer and Janssen Pharmaceuticals filed a patent infringement lawsuit against InvaGen in the same U.S. federal court.
Bayer believes it has meritorious defenses in the above ongoing patent disputes and intends to defend
itself vigorously.

Further Legal Proceedings
Trasylol™ / Avelox™: A qui tam complaint relating to marketing practices for Trasylol™ (aprotinin) and

Avelox™ (moxifloxacin) filed by a former Bayer employee is pending in the United States District Court in
New Jersey. The U.S. government has declined to intervene at the present time.

299

300

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Newark Bay Environmental Matters: In the United States, Bayer is one of numerous parties involved in a

series of claims brought by federal and state environmental protection agencies. The claims arise from
operations by entities which historically were conducted near Newark Bay or surrounding bodies of water,
or which allegedly discharged hazardous waste into these waterways or onto nearby land. Bayer and the
other potentially responsible parties are being asked to remediate and contribute to the payment of past
and future remediation or restoration costs and damages. In 2016, Bayer learned that two major potentially
responsible parties had filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. While Bayer
remains unable to determine the extent of its liability for these matters, this development is likely to adversely affect the share of costs potentially allocated to Bayer.
In the Lower Passaic River matter, a group of more than sixty companies including Bayer is investigating
contaminated sediments in the riverbed under the supervision of the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and other governmental authorities. Future remediation will involve some form of dredging, the nature and scope of which are not yet defined, and potentially other tasks. The cost of the investigation and the remediation work may be substantial if the final remedy involves extensive dredging and
disposal of impacted sediments. In the Newark Bay matter, an unaffiliated party is currently conducting an
investigation of sediments in Newark Bay under EPA supervision. The investigation is in a preliminary
stage. Bayer has contributed to certain investigation costs in the past and may incur costs for future investigation and remediation activities in Newark Bay.
Bayer has also been notified by governmental authorities acting as natural resource trustees that it may
have liability for natural resource damages arising from the contamination of the Lower Passaic River,
Newark Bay and surrounding water bodies. Bayer is currently unable to determine the extent of its liability.
Asbestos: A further risk may arise from asbestos litigation in the United States. In many cases, the plaintiffs

allege that Bayer and co-defendants employed third parties on their sites in past decades without providing them with sufficient warnings or protection against the known dangers of asbestos. Additionally, a
Bayer affiliate in the United States is the legal successor to companies that sold asbestos products until
1976. Union Carbide has agreed to indemnify Bayer for this liability. Bayer believes it has meritorious defenses and intends to defend itself vigorously.

Tax Proceedings
Stamp taxes in Greece: In 2014, 2016 and 2017, a Greek administrative court of first instance dismissed
Bayer’s lawsuits against the assessment of stamp taxes and contingent penalties in a total amount of approximately €130 million on certain intra-Group loans to a Greek subsidiary. Bayer is convinced that the
decisions are wrong and either has appealed the relevant decisions or plans to do so in due course. Bayer
believes it has meritorious arguments to support its legal position and intends to defend itself vigorously.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Notes to the Statements
of Cash Flows
The statement of cash flows shows how cash inflows and outflows during the fiscal year affected the cash
and cash equivalents of the Bayer Group. Cash flows are classified by operating, investing and financing
activities in accordance with IAS 7 (Statement of Cash Flows). Effects of changes in the scope of consolidation are stated separately.
Of the cash and cash equivalents, an amount of €14 million (2016: €17 million) had limited availability due
to foreign exchange restrictions. Past experience has shown such restrictions to be of short duration. The
above amount included €0 million (2016: €3 million) of exchange-restricted cash in Venezuela. The conversion of cash from Venezuelan bolivars (VEF) into U.S. dollars is subject to a government approval process.
The cash flows reported by consolidated companies outside the eurozone are translated at average
monthly exchange rates, with the exception of cash and cash equivalents, which are translated at closing
rates. The “Change in cash and cash equivalents due to exchange rate movements” is reported in a separate line item.

33. Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
The operating cash flow (total) declined by 10.5% in 2017, to €8,134 million. The prior-year figure included
inflows from the divestment of Diabetes Care. The operating cash flow from continuing operations was
€6,611 million, up 2.7% from the previous year. It included the operating portion of the payments received
from DOW Chemical in connection with a patents dispute.
The transfer of Covestro shares with a value of €504 million (2016: €337 million) to Bayer Pension Trust
e. V. was a noncash transaction and therefore did not result in an operating cash outflow.

34. Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
The net cash outflow for investing activities in 2017 amounted to €432 million (2016: €8,729 million).
Additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets in 2017 resulted in a cash outflow of
€2,366 million (2016: €2,578 million). Cash inflows from sales of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets amounted to €241 million (2016: €111 million).
The proceeds of €999 million from the sale of Covestro shares as of September 29, 2017, which, together
with the control termination agreement concluded, led to the de facto loss of control, less the cash of
€637 million derecognized with Covestro, resulted in a cash inflow of €362 million from divestments. The
sale of some of these shares by the banks in December 2017 resulted in a further cash inflow of
€37 million.
The net cash inflow from noncurrent and current financial assets amounted to €1,230 million (2016: net
cash outflow of €6,335 million).

301

302

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

35. Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
In 2017 there was a net cash outflow of €1,881 million (2016: €350 million) for financing activities. Net loan
repayments amounted to €2,479 million (2016: €730 million).
Cash outflows for dividend payments amounted to €2,364 million (2016: €2,126 million). Net interest payments – including payments for and receipts from interest-rate swaps – declined to €732 million (2016:
€794 million). The sale of Covestro shares prior to the de facto loss of control resulted in a total net inflow
of €3,717 million. In 2016, the net inflow of €3,952 million from the mandatory convertible notes was reflected as a capital contribution of €3,300 million and a borrowing of €652 million.
The transfer of Covestro shares with a value of €504 million (2016: €337 million) to Bayer Pension Trust
e. V. was a noncash transaction and therefore did not result in a financing cash inflow.
B 35/1

Financial Liabilities
Cash flows
€ million

Dec. 31,
2016

Non-cash changes
Acquisition
Divestment

Currency
effects

New
contracts

Fair value
changes 1

Dec. 31,
2017

Bonds and notes /
promissory notes

15,991

(1,121)

(1,492)

(788)

–

(154)

12,436

Liabilities to banks

1,837

(1,006)

(92)

(203)

–

(2)

534

Liabilities under finance leases

436

(153)

(229)

(28)

212

–

238

Liabilities from derivatives

587

(434)

(6)

–

–

93

240

Other financial liabilities

730

235

–

(4)

–

9

970

19,581

(2,479)

(1,819)

(1,023)

212

(54)

14,418

Total
1

Including discount effects

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

Other Information
36. Audit fees
The following fees for the services of the worldwide network of Deloitte or Deloitte GmbH
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (Deloitte GmbH WPG) were recognized as expenses:
B 36/1

Audit Fees

PwC

Of which
Deloitte
GmbH
WPG

Of which
PwC
GmbH
WPG

Deloitte
2016

2017

2016

2017

Financial statements auditing

16

9

7

3

Audit-related services and other audit work

2

2

1

2

Tax consultancy

3

1

–

–

Other services

7

5

5

4

Total

28

17

13

9

€ million

The fees for the auditing of financial statements mainly comprised those for the audits of the consolidated
financial statements of the Bayer Group and the financial statements of Bayer AG and its subsidiaries. In
2016, €2 million in fees related to the auditing of the Covestro Group’s financial statements.
The non-audit-related services primarily related to the analysis of financial information concerning business
entities considered for divestment (Other services), the assessment of financial and nonfinancial information outside of financial statement auditing (Audit-related services and other audit work), and compliance-related tax consultancy services that had neither a material or direct impact on the annual financial
statements or consolidated financial statements.
Deloitte has been Bayer’s auditor since 2017 and is thus the successor to PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC).
The Independent Auditor’s Report on the consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2017 was signed by
Mr. Heiner Kompenhans and Prof. Frank Beine. Both signed the Independent Auditor’s Report for the first
time for the year ended December 31, 2017, and are the responsible audit partners.

37. Related parties
Related parties as defined in IAS 24 (Related Party Disclosures) are those legal entities and natural persons
that are able to exert influence on Bayer AG and its subsidiaries or over which Bayer AG or its subsidiaries
exercise control or joint control or have a significant influence. They include, in particular, nonconsolidated
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates included in the consolidated financial statements at cost of
acquisition or using the equity method, and post-employment benefit plans, as well as the corporate officers of Bayer AG whose compensation is reported in Note [38] and in the Compensation Report, which
forms part of the Combined Management Report.
Transactions with nonconsolidated subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates included in the consolidated
financial statements at cost of acquisition or using the equity method, and post-employment benefit plans
are carried out on an arm’s-length basis.
The following table shows the volume of transactions with related parties included in the consolidated
financial statements of the Bayer Group at amortized cost or using the equity method, and with postemployment benefit plans:

303

304

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

B 37/1

Related Parties
2016

€ million

Purchases
Sales of
of goods
goods and
and
services
services

Receivables

2017

Purchases
Sales of
of goods
goods and
and
Liabilities
services
services

Receivables

Liabilities

Nonconsolidated
subsidiaries

4

5

9

19

5

6

6

16

Joint ventures

24

–

4

243

25

–

3

164

Associates

34

557

3

6

84

84

119

87

Post-employment
benefit plans

–

–

907

63

–

–

974

70

Intercompany profits and losses for companies accounted for in the consolidated financial statements
using the equity method were immaterial in 2017 and 2016.
In the second quarter of 2017, Bayer AG increased the coverage of Bayer Pension Trust e. V. through a
deposit of 8 million of the shares it held in Covestro AG. The shares deposited amounted to 4.0% of the
outstanding shares of Covestro AG and had a value of €504 million.
Due to the loss of control at the end of the third quarter of 2017, Covestro is now an associate. Consequently, receivables from and payables to associates both increased from €0.0 billion as of December 31,
2016, to €0.1 billion as of December 31, 2017. In this connection, goods and services received from associates declined from €0.6 billion to €0.1 billion. From the end of the third quarter of 2017, transactions in
goods and services between Covestro and its associates are no longer reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Bayer Group.
Bayer AG has undertaken to provide jouissance right capital (Genussrechtskapital) in the form of an interest-bearing loan with a nominal volume of €150 million (2016: €150 million) for Bayer-Pensionskasse
VVaG. The entire amount remained undrawn as of December 31, 2017. The carrying amount as of December 31, 2017, was €152 million (2016: €154 million). Loan capital was first provided to BayerPensionskasse VVaG in 2008 for its effective initial fund. This capital had a nominal volume of €595 million
as of December 31, 2017 (2016: €595 million). The carrying amount as of December 31, 2017, was
€605 million (2016: €612 million). The outstanding receivables, comprised of different tranches, are each
subject to a five-year interest-rate adjustment mechanism. Interest income of €15 million was recognized
for 2017 (2016: €18 million).
Impairment losses of €2 million were recognized on receivables from associates in 2017 (2016: €0 million).

Bayer Annual Report 2017

B Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

38. Total compensation of the Board of Management and
the Supervisory Board, advances and loans
The compensation of the Board of Management comprises short-term payments, stock-based payments
and post-employment benefits.
The following table shows the individual components of the Board of Management’s compensation according to IFRS. Further details are provided in the Compensation Report, which forms part of the Combined
Management Report:
B 38/1

Board of Management Compensation according to IFRS
€ thousand

2016

2017

Fixed annual compensation

6,385

6,148

Fringe benefits
Total short-term non-performance-related compensation

664

266

7,049

6,414

Short-term performance-related cash compensation

9,063

4,890

Total short-term compensation

16,112

11,304

Change in value of existing entitlements to stock-based compensation (virtual Bayer shares)

(1,275)

538

Stock-based compensation (Aspire) earned in the respective year

5,217

9,082

Change in value of existing entitlements to stock-based compensation (Aspire)

(923)

(641)

Total stock-based compensation (long-term incentive)

3,019

8,979

Service cost for pension entitlements earned in the respective year

3,902

3,907

Total long-term compensation

6,921

12,886

Severance indemnity in connection with the termination of a service contract

4,542

1,978

Aggregate compensation (IFRS)

27,575

26,168

In addition to the above compensation, actuarial gains of €245 thousand (2016: losses of
€3,196 thousand) incurred in connection with pension obligations to the currently serving members of the
Board of Management were recognized outside profit or loss. The losses in the previous year mainly resulted from the decline in the level of interest rates.
Pension payments to former members of the Board of Management and their surviving dependents in
2017 amounted to €12,758 thousand (2016: €12,800 thousand). The defined benefit obligation for former
members of the Board of Management and their surviving dependents amounted to €184,479 thousand
(2016: €188,850 thousand).
The compensation of the Supervisory Board amounted to €3,703 thousand (2016: €3,479 thousand).
In addition to their compensation as members of the Supervisory Board, those employee representatives
who are employees of Bayer Group companies receive compensation unrelated to their service on the
Supervisory Board. The total amount of such compensation in 2017 was €767 thousand (2016:
€939 thousand).
Pension obligations for employee representatives on the Supervisory Board amounted to €3,941 thousand
(2016: €4,399 thousand).
There were no advances or loans to members of the Board of Management or the Supervisory Board outstanding as of December 31, 2017, nor at any time during 2017 or 2016.

305

306

B Consolidated Financial Statements

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bayer Group
Augmented Version

39. Events after the end of the reporting period
Sale of 10.4% of the shares in Covestro
On January 10, 2018, Bayer AG reduced its direct interest in Covestro from 24.6% to 14.2%. This was
achieved by selling 21 million shares to institutional investors at a price of €86.25 per share. In addition to
Bayer AG’s direct stake in Covestro, Bayer Pension Trust holds a further 8.9%. As already announced,
Bayer intends to achieve full separation from Covestro in the medium term.
The proceeds from the divestment of Covestro shares were largely used to reduce the syndicated credit
facility arranged to finance the planned acquisition of Monsanto by US$1.8 billion to US$49.7 billion.

Divestments in conjunction with the planned acquisition of Monsanto
In connection with the proposed acquisition of Monsanto and related anti-trust clearance proceedings,
Bayer has committed to divest its entire vegetable seed business, in addition to the sale of certain Crop
Science businesses to BASF. Certain additional business activities of Bayer and Monsanto may also be
sold or out-licensed. Through the move, Bayer is actively addressing observations expressed by anti-trust
authorities. Any sales and licenses would be subject to a successful closing of the proposed acquisition of
Monsanto, which remains subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of required regulatory
approvals.

Leverkusen, February 20, 2018
Bayer Aktiengesellschaft

The Board of Management

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Responsibility Statement
Augmented Version

Responsibility Statement
To the best of our knowledge, and in accordance with the applicable reporting principles for financial
reporting, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial
position and profit or loss of the Bayer Group, and the combined management report includes a fair review
of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Bayer Group and Bayer AG,
together with a description of the principal opportunities and risks associated with the expected development of the Bayer Group and Bayer AG.
Leverkusen, February 20, 2018
Bayer Aktiengesellschaft
The Board of Management

Werner Baumann
Chairman

Liam Condon

Johannes Dietsch

Dr. Hartmut Klusik

Kemal Malik

Erica Mann

Dieter Weinand

307

308

Independent Auditor’s Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

Independent Auditor’s Report
To: Bayer Aktiengesellschaft, Leverkusen

REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND THE COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORT
Audit opinions
We audited the consolidated financial statements of Bayer Aktiengesellschaft, Leverkusen, and its subsidiaries (the Group), which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31,
2017, the consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the fiscal year
from January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017 as well as the notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies. In addition, we audited the group management report of Bayer Aktiengesellschaft, Leverkusen, which is combined with the Company’s management report, for the fiscal year from January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017. In conformity with German legal regulations, we have not audited the parts of the combined management report specified in the
Chapter “Other information” of our independent auditor’s report with regard to their content.
In our opinion, based on our knowledge obtained during the audit,
> the accompanying consolidated financial statements comply with International Financial Reporting

Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU and the supplementary German legal regulations to be applied
in accordance with Section 315e (1) German Commercial Code (HGB) in all material respects and give a
true and fair view of the Group’s net assets and financial position as of December 31, 2017 as well as its
results of operations for the fiscal year from January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017 in accordance
with these requirements and
> the accompanying combined management report as a whole provides a suitable view of the Group’s
position. In all material respects, this combined management report is consistent with the consolidated
financial statements, complies with German legal requirements and suitably presents the opportunities
and risks of future development. Our audit opinion on the combined management report does not
extend to the content of the parts of the combined management report detailed in the Chapter “Other
information” section.
Pursuant to Section 322 (3) Sentence 1 German Commercial Code (HGB), we state that our audit has not
led to any reservations with respect to the propriety of the consolidated financial statements and the combined management report.
Basis for the audit opinions
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements and the combined management report in
accordance with Section 317 German Commercial Code (HGB) and the EU Audit Regulation (No.
537/2014; hereinafter referred to as “EU Audit Regulation”), and generally accepted German standards for
the audit of financial statements promulgated by the Institute of Public Auditors in Germany [Institut der
Wirtschaftsprüfer] (IDW). We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements also in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA). Our responsibilities under these requirements, principles, and standards are further described in the Section “Auditor’s responsibility for the audit of the consolidated financial statements and the combined management report” of our report. We are independent of
the group companies in accordance with European and German commercial law and rules of professional
conduct and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities applicable in Germany in accordance with
these requirements. In addition, pursuant to Article 10 (2) lit. f EU Audit Regulation, we declare that we
have not provided any prohibited non-audit services pursuant to Article 5 (1) EU Audit Regulation. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and combined management report.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Independent Auditor’s Report
Augmented Version

Key audit matters in the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year from January 1, 2017 through December
31, 2017. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon but we do not provide a separate opinion on these
issues.
In the following we present the key audit matters in our view:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.

Sales of shares in Covestro AG and deconsolidation of the Covestro Group
Impairment of goodwill and brand rights
Financial instruments – hedge accounting
Depiction of risks from product-related legal disputes
Adjustments to EBITDA for special items

Our presentation of these key audit matters is structured as follows:
a)
b)

Description (including reference to corresponding information in the consolidated financial statements)
Auditor’s response

1.
a)

Sales of shares in Covestro AG and deconsolidation of the Covestro Group
Following the creation of the financial and legal autonomy of the MaterialScience segment in autumn
2015 and the subsequent IPO under the name of Covestro, at the end of 2016 the Bayer Group still
held directly and indirectly via Bayer Pension Trust e. V. a total of 69.1 % of the shares in Covestro AG
(of which 64.2 % were held directly). Due to three separate share sales transactions totaling 58.25 million or 28.7 % of the shares in Covestro AG for EUR 3.7bn and the contribution of 8 million shares or
4 % of the shares in Covestro AG worth EUR 0.5bn to Bayer Pension Trust e. V., the direct interest
held by Bayer in Covestro AG fell to 31.5 % and the directly and indirectly held interest to 40.4 % by
the beginning of September 2017. Since Bayer would still have held a majority at the Covestro AG Annual General Meeting at that time and was therefore able to exercise de facto control over the
Covestro Group, these transfers of shares were accounted for as transactions between shareholders
under IFRS 10 and the Covestro Group continued to be (fully) consolidated by Bayer. In all, the Bayer
Group’s equity increased by EUR 4.2bn as a result of these transactions, of which EUR 1.5bn were attributable to non-controlling interests.
Finally, at the end of September 2017 Bayer sold a further 13.94 million or 6.9 % of the shares in
Covestro AG for EUR 1.0bn and entered into a relinquishment of control agreement with Covestro AG
with effect from September 30, 2017. The consequence of this was the relinquishment of de facto
control over the Covestro Group. Pursuant to IFRS 10, these two transactions were recognized economically as a single transaction. The Covestro Group was deconsolidated as of September 30, 2017
and has since been shown in the consolidated financial statements as a discontinued operation, in accordance with IFRS 5. Since Bayer currently directly holds 24.6 % and indirectly holds 33.5 % of the
shares in Covestro AG and can continue to exercise significant influence over the Covestro Group,
Covestro AG was included as of September 30, 2017 in the Bayer consolidated financial statements
as an associated company with a carrying amount (fair value) of EUR 3.6bn according to the equity
method. Bayer received income of EUR 3.1bn at Group level from the deconsolidation in 2017, in particular due to the recognition of the carrying amount at fair value. As of December 31, 2017, the equity
value is virtually unchanged.
In our opinion, this issue was of particular significance due to the complexity of the underlying contractual agreements and the numerous material effects on the consolidated financial statements.
The Company’s disclosures on the discontinued operation, the deconsolidation, and the first-time
inclusion of the Covestro Group as an associate are set out in Sections 6.3 and 19 of the Notes to the
consolidated financial statements.

309

310

Independent Auditor’s Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

b)

We assessed whether Bayer had in fact continued to control the Covestro Group, despite the share
sales up until the beginning of September, and thus ought to have continued to consolidate the
Covestro Group. Moreover, by inspecting the relevant Board of Management resolutions and Board of
Management and Supervisory Board minutes, we investigated whether the Board of Management had
not already at the time of the individual share sales drawn up a plan that would have led to a loss of
control over the Covestro Group, so that it would have been necessary, under IFRS 5, to report the
Covestro Group as a discontinued operation even before September 30, 2017. We analyzed the sale
of shares at the end of September 2017 and the conclusion of the relinquishment of control agreement
to determine whether these can be treated as a single transaction under IFRS 10 and isolated from the
earlier sales of shares up to mid-September.
We also assessed the relinquishment of control agreement as to whether the agreement fulfilled the
company and stock corporation law requirements for the loss of control and thus for the deconsolidation of the Covestro Group and whether Covestro should have been deconsolidated as of September
30, 2017. We also examined whether the first-time classification as a discontinued operation as of
September 30, 2017 was appropriate and that the presentation in the income statement and statements of cash flows as a discontinued operation is in accordance with IFRS 5.
Furthermore, we verified whether the deconsolidation was technically correct and whether the result of
the deconsolidation was correctly determined and recognized in the accounts. We also performed audit procedures to ascertain whether the carrying amount of the investment in Covestro AG as an associated company and the provisional purchase price allocation made in this connection for the initial fair
value measurement had been appropriately calculated.

2.
a)

Impairment of goodwill and brand rights
In the consolidated financial statements, an amount of EUR 14,751m (20 % of total Group assets) is
reported under the balance sheet item “Goodwill”. In addition, brand rights of EUR 6,412m (9 % of the
Group’s total assets) are reported under “Other intangible assets”. The Company allocates goodwill to
the strategic business units or groups of strategic business units within the Bayer Group. Regular impairment tests of goodwill and case-related impairment tests of brand rights compare the respective
carrying amounts with their recoverable amounts. Fundamentally, the recoverable amount is determined on the basis of the fair value less costs to sell. The present value of future cash flows is used as
a basis, since as a rule no market values are available for the individual strategic business units. The
present value is determined using discounted cash flow models based on the Bayer Group’s threeyear operating plan drawn up by the legal representatives and acknowledged by the Supervisory
Board and perpetuated with assumptions about long-term growth rates. Discounting is based on the
weighted average cost of capital of the reporting segments concerned. The result of this valuation depends to a large extent on the estimates by the legal representatives of the future cash flows of the
strategic business unit concerned and the discount rate used and is therefore fraught with considerable uncertainty. In the light of this, and owing to the underlying complexity of the valuation models, this
issue was of particular importance within the framework of our audit.
The Company’s disclosures on goodwill and brand rights are contained in Section 4 and 17 of the
Notes to the consolidated financial statements.

b)

In our audit, among other things we reconstructed the methodology used to perform the impairment
tests and assessed the calculation of the weighted cost of capital. We convinced ourselves of the appropriateness of the future cash inflows used in the valuation among other things by recording and
critically assessing the underlying planning process. We also compared this information with the current budget from the three-year plan drawn up by the legal representatives and noted by the Supervisory Board, and reconciled it with general and industry-specific market expectations. For this, we also
convinced ourselves that the costs of the Group functions included in the Corporate Functions and
Consolidation segment of segment reporting were appropriately taken into account in the impairment
test of the strategic business unit concerned. We studied intensively the parameters used to determine
the discount rate applied and assessed the completeness and correctness of the calculation scheme.
Owing to the material significance of goodwill, we further performed additional sensitivity analyses of
our own for the strategic business units (carrying amount in comparison to the recoverable amount).

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Independent Auditor’s Report
Augmented Version

3.
a)

Financial instruments - hedge accounting
Bayer Group companies conclude a large number of different derivative financial instruments to hedge
against currency, commodity price, and interest rate risks from ordinary business operations. The basis
for this is the hedging policy prescribed by the legal representatives, which is documented in appropriate internal guidelines. The currency risk essentially results from sales revenues, sales and procurement transactions (in particular relating to raw materials), and financing transactions in foreign currencies. The aim of interest rate hedging is, on the one hand to achieve a reasonable relationship between
variable and fixed interest rates and on the other to secure a low rate of interest for planned financing
transactions. Derivative financial instruments are recognized at their fair value as of balance sheet
date. The positive fair values of all derivative financial instruments used as hedges amounted to EUR
450m as of the closing date (i.e., 1 % of total Group assets), the negative fair values amounted to EUR
533m (representing 1 % of total Group assets). To the extent that the financial instruments used by the
Bayer Group are effective hedges of future cash flows under hedge accounting in accordance with IAS
39, changes in fair value are recognized in equity until the due date of the hedged cash flow (effective
portion) over the term of the hedge relationship. As of the balance sheet date, a cumulative amount of
EUR -112m had been recognized outside profit or loss as expenses and income before taxes on income. In our view, these issues were of particular importance due to the high complexity and the
great number of transactions, and the extensive accounting and reporting requirements of IAS 39 and
IFRS 7.
The disclosures on hedge accounting are contained in Sections 4 and 30 of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements. Risk reporting with regard to the use of financial instruments is provided in
the combined management report in Section 3.2.2.

b)

Within the framework of our audit, and with the support of our internal specialists from the Financial
Risk Solutions unit, we assessed the contractual and financial fundamentals of the financial instruments, among other things, and reconstructed the accounting including the effects on equity and
earnings of the various hedging transactions. Jointly with our specialists, we also assessed the Company’s internal control system in the area of derivative financial instruments, including the internal monitoring of compliance with the hedging policy, and reviewed the controls with regard to design, implementation, and effectiveness. Furthermore, while auditing the fair value measurement of the financial
instruments, we also checked, on the basis of market data and within the framework of our risk assessment, the calculation methods of representatively selected samples and reconstructed the correct
implementation of the methods in the system. In order to audit the effectiveness of the hedging transactions, we analyzed the various methods (prospective critical term match method; retrospective regression method) and, in the framework of our risk assessment, reconstructed their correct implementation in the system. With regard to the expected cash flows, we essentially assessed the past
hedging ratios in retrospect.

4.
a)

Depiction of risks arising from product-related legal disputes
Bayer Group companies are involved in legal and out-of-court proceedings with public authorities,
competitors, and other parties. These give rise to legal risks, in particular in the areas of product liability, competition and anti-trust law, patent law, tax law, and environmental protection.
Against the background of pending and expected product liability lawsuits relating to the product
Mirena™, the Bayer Group had been served in the United States with lawsuits from approximately
2,900 (previous year: 2,600) (women) users of Mirena™ by January 30, 2018. In addition, by January
30, 2018, the Bayer Group had been served in the United States with about 22,000 claims (prior year:
16,400) for damages and punitive damages from users of the product Xarelto™. Moreover, by January
30, 2018, the Bayer Group had been served in Canada with ten lawsuits relating to Xarelto™, in each
of which the admission of a class action has been applied for. By January 30, 2018, the Bayer Group
had been served with lawsuits in the United States by about 16,100 (prior year 3,700) (women) users
of Essure™ and two lawsuits in Canada, in each of which the admission of a class action has been
applied for.
Whether a pending legal dispute makes the recognition of a provision to cover the risk necessary and,
if so, to what extent, is determined to a large extent by estimates and assumptions by the legal repre-

311

312

Independent Auditor’s Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

sentatives. Against this background, and in view of the amount of the claims asserted, the abovementioned product-related disputes of the Bayer Group were of particular significance from our point
of view.
The disclosures about and explanations of the legal disputes mentioned are contained in Section 32 of
the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
b)

Within the framework of our audit, we assessed, among other things, the process established by the
Company to ensure the recognition, the estimate of the outcome of the proceedings, and the accounting presentation of a legal dispute. Furthermore, we held regular discussions with the Company’s internal legal department in order to be informed about current developments and the reasons that led
to the corresponding estimates. The development of material legal disputes, including the estimates by
the legal representatives with regard to the possible outcome of proceedings, was made available to
us in writing by Bayer AG’s internal legal department. As of the closing date, we furthermore obtained
external attorney’s certificates, which we compared with the risk assessment made by the legal representatives about the product-related disputes named in the “Description of the facts” section.

5.
a)

Adjustments to EBITDA for special items
For management and analysis purposes, the Bayer Group adduces EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest,
Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization, and also impairment losses and reversals), adjusted for special
items (by their nature or amount special effects). Adjustments to EBITDA amounting to EUR 725m are
presented in Bayer AG’s consolidated financial statements in continuing operations. Adjusted EBITDA
from continuing operations are used by Bayer as a key financial performance indicator in its capital
market communications. They are furthermore adduced as a degree of target achievement for the annual performance-based compensation of the employees of the Bayer Group. The adjustments to
EBITDA were of particular significance within the framework of our audit, as they are made on the basis of the Bayer Group’s internal accounting guideline and there is a risk that the legal representatives
may exercise their discretionary powers one-sidedly.
The company’s disclosures on the adjustments to EBITDA and the calculation thereof are presented in
Section 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and in Section 2.2 of the combined
management report.

b)

We reconstructed the calculation of adjusted EBITDA and critically examined the identification of the
Group companies’ special items taken into account by the legal representatives. For this we analyzed
the composition of the adjustments in terms of the extent to which the individual components correspond to the corresponding guidelines for special items and were correctly excluded from adjusted
EBITDA. At the same time, we examined, on the basis of the findings of our audit and the information
provided by the legal representatives, whether the adjustments made were carried out in accordance
with the definition and procedure presented in the explanations in the combined management report
and in the segment reporting.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Independent Auditor’s Report
Augmented Version

Other information
The legal representatives are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises:
> the Group’s statement on business management pursuant to Section 289f and Section 315d HGB

specified in Chapter 4.1 of the combined management report,
> the “Compliance” section of the Corporate Governance Report contained in Chapter 4.2 of the

combined management report pursuant to No. 3.10 of the German Corporate Governance Code,
> all online annexes referred to in the combined management report and contained in the augmented

online version of the Annual Report,
> assurance pursuant to Section 297 (2) Sentence 4 German Commercial Code (HGB) to the consolidated

financial statements and assurance pursuant to Section 315 (1) Sentence 5 German Commercial Code
(HGB) to the combined management report, and
> the remaining components of the annual report, with the exception of the audited consolidated financial
statements and the combined management report and our Auditor’s Report.
Our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and the combined management report do not
extend to cover the other information, and accordingly we do not issue an audit opinion or any other form
of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, to consider
whether the other information
> is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements, the combined man-agement report

or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or
> otherwise appears to be substantially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this information, we are required to report on that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of the legal representatives and the Supervisory Board for the consolidated
financial statements and the combined management report
The legal representatives are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements which
comply with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the supplementary requirements of the German legal regulations pursuant to Section 315e (1) German Commercial Code (HGB) in all material respects, so that the
consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the net assets, financial position, and results
of operations of the Group in accordance with these requirements. In addition, the legal representatives are
responsible for the internal controls they have identified as necessary in order to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatements, whether intentional or unintentional.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the legal representatives are responsible for assessing
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Furthermore, they have the responsibility to disclose
matters relating to the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, if relevant. In addition, they are responsible for using the going concern basis of accounting, unless the intention is to liquidate the Group or
to cease operations, or there is no realistic alternative but to do so.
In addition, the legal representatives are responsible for the preparation of the combined management
report, which as a whole provides a suitable view of the Group’s position, is consistent with the consolidated financial statements in all material respects, complies with German legal regulations and suitably presents the opportunities and risks of future development. Furthermore, the legal representatives are responsible for such arrangements and measures (systems) which they have deemed necessary in order to
enable the preparation of a combined management report in accordance with the applicable German legal
regulations and to furnish sufficient and appropriate evidence for the statements in the combined management report.
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and the combined management report.

313

314

Independent Auditor’s Report

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements and the
combined management report
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error, and whether the combined
management report as a whole provides an appropriate view of the Group’s position and, in all material
respects, is consistent with the findings of the audit, is in accordance with the German legal regulations,
and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development, as well as to issue an auditor’s report that includes our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and the combined
management report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Section 317 German Commercial Code (HGB) and the EU Audit Regulation and generally
accepted German standards for the audit of financial statements promulgated by the Institute of Public
Auditors in Germany (IDW), and subject to supplementary compliance with ISA, will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements and this combined management report.
As part of an audit, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism. We also
> identify and assess the risks of material misstatements in the consolidated financial statements and in

>

>
>

>

>

>

the combined management report, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our audit opinions. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher
than one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the overriding of internal controls.
obtain an understanding of internal controls relevant to the audit of the consolidated financial
statements and the arrangements and measures relevant to the audit of the combined management
report in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of these systems.
evaluate the appropriateness of the accounting policies used by the legal representatives and the
reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the legal representatives.
form a conclusion on the appropriateness of the legal representatives’ use of the going concern basis of
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists relating to
events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going
concern. If we conclude that there is a material uncertainty, we are required to draw attention in our
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and combined
management report, or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
evaluate the overall presentation, structure, and content of the consolidated financial statements,
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
transactions and events in a manner such that the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair
view of the net assets and financial position as well as the results of operations of the Group in
accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the supplementary requirements of German law
pursuant to Section 315e (1) German Commercial Code (HGB).
obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
activities within the Group to express opinions on the consolidated financial statements and the
combined management report. We are responsible for the direction, supervision, and performance of
the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinions.
evaluate the consistency of the combined management report with the consolidated financial
statements, its legal consistency, and the view provided of the Group’s position.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Independent Auditor’s Report
Augmented Version

> perform audit procedures on the forward-looking information presented by the legal representatives in

the combined management report. On the basis of sufficient appropriate audit evidence, we particularly
evaluate the significant assumptions underlying the forward-looking information by the legal
representatives and evaluate the correct derivation of forward-looking information from these
assumptions. We do not issue an independent opinion on the forward-looking information or on the
underlying assumptions. There is a significant unavoidable risk that future events will differ materially
from the forward-looking information.
We communicate with those charged with governance among other matters, on the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any deficiencies in internal control, which we
identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current reporting
period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report on the
consolidated financial statements unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter.

OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
Other information pursuant to Article 10 EU Audit Regulation
We were appointed by the Annual General Meeting on April 28, 2017 to audit the consolidated financial
statements. We were engaged by the Supervisory Board on June 1/28, 2017. We have been engaged
continuously as the auditors of the consolidated financial statements of Bayer Aktiengesellschaft,
Leverkusen, since the fiscal year 2017.
We confirm that the audit opinions contained in this auditor’s report are consistent with the additional report to the audit committee pursuant to Article 11 EU Audit Regulation (“Prüfungsbericht”).

RESPONSIBLE AUDITOR
The auditor responsible for the audit is Prof. Dr. Frank Beine.
Munich, February 21, 2018
Deloitte GmbH
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft

Heiner Kompenhans
German Public Auditor

Prof. Dr. Frank Beine
German Public Auditor

315

316

Independent Auditor’s Report on a Limited Assurance Engagement on Sustainability Information

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

Independent Auditor’s Report on
a Limited Assurance Engagement
on Sustainability Information
To: Bayer Aktiengesellschaft, Leverkusen
We performed a limited assurance engagement on the disclosures marked with “limited assurance” in the
online annexes of the augmented online version of the Annual Report of Bayer Aktiengesellschaft,
Leverkusen, (hereafter “the Company”) for the period from January 1 through December 31, 2017 (“Annual
Report 2017 – Augmented Version” hereafter “the Online Version”).

Responsibility of the legal representatives
The legal representatives of Bayer Aktiengesellschaft are responsible for preparing the Online Version in
accordance with the criteria stated in the G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines of the Global Reporting
Initiative (GRI) (hereafter “the GRI Criteria”) and for selecting the disclosures to be evaluated.
This responsibility of the Company’s legal representatives includes the selection and application of appropriate sustainability reporting methods, and the making of assumptions about and estimates of individual
sustainability disclosures that are appropriate in the circumstances. The legal representatives are furthermore responsible for the internal controls which they have determined are necessary to enable the preparation of an Online Version that is free from material misstatements, whether due to intentional or unintentional error.

Auditor’s statements regarding independence and quality
We are independent of the entity in accordance with the provisions under German commercial law and
professional requirements, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the
relevant provisions within these requirements.
The Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft applies the German national legal requirements and
the German profession’s pronouncements for quality control, in particular the by-laws regulating the rights
and duties of Wirtschaftsprüfer and vereidigte Buchprüfer in the exercise of their profession (Berufssatzung
für Wirtschaftsprüfer und vereidigte Buchprüfer) as well as the IDW Standard on Quality Control 1: Requirements for Quality Control in Audit Firms [IDW Qualitätssicherungsstandards 1: Anforderungen an die
Qualitätssicherung in der Wirtschaftsprüferpraxis (IDW QS 1)], that are consistent with the International
Standard on Quality Control 1 issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board
(IAASB).

Responsibility of the Auditor
Our responsibility is to express a limited assurance conclusion on the disclosures marked with limited assurance in the Online Version, based on the assurance engagement we have performed.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Independent Auditor’s Report on a Limited Assurance Engagement on Sustainability Information
Augmented Version

We performed our assurance engagement in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance
Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised): Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical
Financial Information issued by the IAASB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
such that we are able to state with limited assurance that we have not become aware of any matters that
cause us to believe that the disclosures in the Company’s Online Version for the period from January 1
through December 31, 2017 have not been prepared in accordance with the relevant GRI criteria in all
material respects. This does not mean that a separate audit opinion has been issued for each disclosure
marked. In a limited assurance audit, the audit procedures performed are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement and therefore a substantially lower level of assurance is obtained. The assurance procedures selected depend on the practitioner’s professional judgement.
Within the framework of our audit, we performed the following audit procedures and other activities,
including:
> Obtaining an understanding of the structure of the sustainability organization and the stakeholder

engagement
> Inquiries of personnel involved in the compilation of the Online Version about the compilation process,

the internal control system related to this process and about selected disclosures in the Online Version
> The identification of likely risks of material misstatements in the Online Version, under consideration of

the GRI criteria
> The performance of on-site audit procedures to deepen the recording of processes and to analyze

>
>
>
>
>

selected data at Bayer’s locations Berlin, Bergkamen and Wuppertal (each Pharmaceuticals, Germany),
Institute and Kansas City (each Crop Science, USA) as well as Dormagen, Leverkusen and KrefeldUerdingen (each Currenta, Germany)
Remote assessments to analyze selected data for Bayer’s sites Berkeley (Pharmaceuticals, USA) and
Vapi (Crop Science, India)
Analytical assessment of selected disclosures in the Online Version
A comparison of disclosures with the corresponding data in the consolidated financial statements and
the group management report
An assessment of the presentation of the selected sustainability performance data
The timing of the audit procedures performed

Audit opinion
On the basis of the audit procedures performed and the audit evidence obtained, nothing has come to our
attention that causes us to believe that the disclosures marked with limited assurance in the Company’s
Online Version for the period from January 1 to December 31, 2017, have not been prepared, in all material
aspects, in accordance with the relevant GRI criteria.

Intended use of the Report
We issue this Report on the basis of the engagement concluded with Bayer Aktiengesellschaft, Leverkusen. The limited assurance engagement was conducted for the purposes of Bayer Aktiengesellschaft and
the Report is solely intended to inform Bayer Aktiengesellschaft as to the results of the assurance engagement.

317

318

Independent Auditor’s Report on a Limited Assurance Engagement on Sustainability Information

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Augmented Version

Limitation of liability
The report is not intended to provide third parties with support in making (financial) decisions. Our responsibility lies solely toward Bayer Aktiengesellschaft and is also limited by the “General Terms and Conditions
for Auditors and Auditing Firms” in the version dated January 1, 2017, as published by the Institut der
Wirtschaftsprüfer in Deutschland e. V. We assume no responsibility towards third parties.
Munich, February 21, 2018
Deloitte GmbH
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft

[Heiner Kompenhans]
German Public Auditor

[Prof. Dr. Frank Beine]
German Public Auditor

Bayer-Geschäftsbericht 2017

A Zusammengefasster Lagebericht
Fehler! Kein Text mit angegebener Formatvorlage im Dokument.

Further Information

1

Bayer Annual Report 2017

C Further Information

319

Governance Bodies
Augmented Version

Governance Bodies
Supervisory Board
Members of the Supervisory Board held offices as members of the supervisory board or a comparable supervising
body of the corporations listed (as at December 31, 2017, or the date on which they ceased to be members of
the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG) and as shown attended the meetings of the Supervisory Board and committees
to which he or she belonged:

Werner Wenning
Leverkusen, Germany
(born October 21, 1946)

Memberships on other supervisory
boards:

Chairman of the Supervisory Board
effective October 2012

• Deutsche Bank AG (Chairman)

Chairman of the Supervisory Board
of Bayer AG

Memberships in comparable
supervising bodies of German or
foreign corporations:

Memberships on other
supervisory boards:
• Henkel Management AG
• Siemens AG (Vice Chairman)
Memberships in comparable
supervising bodies of German or
foreign corporations:

• Daimler AG

Memberships in comparable
supervising bodies of German or
foreign corporations:

Thomas Ebeling
Muri bei Bern, Switzerland
(born February 9, 1959)

• InCarda Therapeutics, Inc.
(Board of Directors)

Member of the Supervisory Board
effective April 2012

Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 6 of 6

Chief Executive Officer of
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE
(until February 2018)

• Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
(Shareholders’ Committee)
Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 13 of 14

Dr. Clemens Börsig
Frankfurt am Main, Germany
(born July 27, 1948)
Member of the Supervisory Board
until April 2017

• Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
(Shareholders’ Committee)

Dr. rer. nat. Simone Bagel-Trah
Düsseldorf, Germany
(born January 10, 1969)

Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 20 of 20

Member of the Supervisory Board
effective April 2014

Memberships on other supervisory
boards:
• Daimler AG

Oliver Zühlke
Solingen, Germany
(born December 11, 1968)

Chairwoman of the Supervisory
Board of Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
and Henkel Management AG
and of the Shareholders’ Committee of Henkel AG & Co. KGaA

Vice Chairman of the Supervisory
Board effective July 2015

Memberships on other
supervisory boards:

Member of the Supervisory Board
effective April 2007

• Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
(Chairwoman)

Chairman of the Bayer Central
Works Council

• Henkel Management AG
(Chairwoman)

Memberships on other supervisory
boards:

• Heraeus Holding GmbH

• Bayer Pharma AG
(until January 2017)
Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 15 of 15

Dr. Paul Achleitner
Munich, Germany
(born September 28, 1956)
Member of the Supervisory Board
effective April 2002
Chairman of the Supervisory Board
of Deutsche Bank AG

Memberships in comparable
supervising bodies of German or
foreign corporations:
• Henkel AG & Co. KGaA
(Shareholders’ Committee,
Chairwoman)
Attendance at Supervisory Board
meetings: 8 of 9

Dr. Norbert W. Bischofberger
Hillsborough, U.S.A.
(born January 10, 1956)
Member of the Supervisory Board
effective April 2017
Executive Vice President Research
& Development and Chief Scientific
Officer of Gilead Sciences, Inc.

Member of various supervisory
boards

• Linde AG
Memberships in comparable
supervising bodies of German or
foreign corporations:
• Emerson Electric Co. (Board of
Directors)
Attendance at Supervisory Board
meetings: 3 of 3

André van Broich
Dormagen, Germany
(born June 19, 1970)
Member of the Supervisory Board
effective April 2012
Chairman of the Bayer Group
Works Council
(effective September 2017)
Chairman of the Works Council
of the Dormagen site
Memberships on other supervisory
boards:
• Bayer CropScience AG
(until January 2017)
Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 14 of 14

Memberships on other
supervisory boards:
• GfK SE (effective April 2017)
Memberships in comparable
supervising bodies of German or
foreign corporations:
• Cullinan Oncology, LLC
(Board of Directors)
(effective November 2017)
• Lonza Group AG (until April 2017)
Attendance at Supervisory Board
meetings: 7 of 9

Dr. Thomas Elsner
Düsseldorf, Germany
(born April 24, 1958)
Member of the Supervisory Board
effective April 2017
Chairman of the Bayer Group
Managerial Employees’ Committee
Chairman of the Managerial Employees’ Committee of Bayer AG
Leverkusen
Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 8 of 8

Johanna W. (Hanneke) Faber
Amstelveen, Netherlands
(born April 19, 1969)
Member of the Supervisory Board
effective April 2016
Chief E-Commerce and Innovation
Officer and Member of the
Executive Committee of Koninklijke
Ahold Delhaize N.V.
(until December 2017)
President Europe at Unilever
N.V. / plc (effective January 2018)
Attendance at Supervisory Board
meetings: 6 of 9

320

C Further Information

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Governance Bodies
Augmented Version

Dr.-Ing. Thomas Fischer
Krefeld, Germany
(born August 27, 1955)
Member of the Supervisory Board
until April 2017
Chairman of the Managerial
Employees’ Committee of Covestro
Deutschland AG

Yüksel Karaaslan
Hohen Neuendorf, Germany
(born March 1, 1968, deceased
June 4, 2017)
Member of the Supervisory Board
until June 2017
Chairman of the Bayer Group
Works Council

Memberships on other supervisory
boards:

Vice Chairwoman of the Works
Council of the Elberfeld site

• Evotec AG (Chairman)

Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 3 of 3

Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 15 of 15

Memberships on other supervisory
boards:

Vice Chairman of the Bayer Central
Works Council

Sue H. Rataj
Sebastopol, U.S.A.
(born January 8, 1957)

• Covestro AG
• Covestro Deutschland AG

Chairman of the Works Council
of the Berlin site

Member of the Supervisory Board
until April 2017

Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 5 of 5

Memberships on other supervisory
boards:

Member of the Board of Directors
of Cabot Corporation, Boston,
U.S.A.

• Bayer Pharma AG (Vice
Chairman) (until January 2017)
Colleen A. Goggins
Princeton, U.S.A.
(born September 9, 1954)
Member of the Supervisory Board
effective April 2017
Independent consultant
Memberships in comparable
supervising bodies of German or
foreign corporations:
• The Toronto-Dominion Bank
(Board of Directors)
• IQVIA Holdings Inc. (formerly
QuintilesIMS Holdings, Inc.)
(Board of Directors)
(effective July 2017)
Attendance at Supervisory Board
meetings: 6 of 6

Heike Hausfeld
Leverkusen, Germany
(born September 19, 1965)
Member of the Supervisory Board
effective April 2017
Chairwoman of the Works Council
of the Leverkusen site
Memberships on other supervisory
boards:
• Bayer Business Services GmbH
(Vice Chairwoman)
Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 9 of 9

Reiner Hoffmann
Wuppertal, Germany
(born May 30, 1955)

Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 6 of 7

Attendance at Supervisory Board
meetings: 3 of 3
Petra Kronen
Krefeld, Germany
(born August 22, 1964)

Petra Reinbold-Knape
Gladbeck, Germany
(born April 16, 1959)

Chairwoman of the Central Works
Council of Covestro

Member of the Supervisory Board
effective April 2012

Chairwoman of the Works Council
of Covestro of the Uerdingen site

Member of the Executive
Committee of the German Mining,
Chemical and Energy Industrial
Union

Memberships on other supervisory
boards:
• Covestro AG (Vice Chairwoman)
• Covestro Deutschland AG
(Vice Chairwoman)
Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 8 of 8

Frank Löllgen
Cologne, Germany
(born June 14, 1961)
Member of the Supervisory Board
effective November 2015
North Rhine District Secretary of
the German Mining, Chemical and
Energy Industrial Union
Memberships on other supervisory
boards:

Attendance at Supervisory Board
meetings: 8 of 9

Memberships on other supervisory
boards:
• Lausitz Energie Bergbau AG
(Vice Chairwoman)
• Lausitz Energie Kraftwerk AG
(Vice Chairwoman effective
March 2017)
Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 11 of 11

Detlef Rennings
Krefeld, Germany
(born April 29, 1965)
Member of the Supervisory Board
effective June 2017

• Evonik Industries AG

Chairman of the Central Works
Council of CURRENTA

• IRR-Innovationsregion
Rheinisches Revier GmbH

Chairman of the Works Council of
CURRENTA of the Uerdingen site

Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 13 of 13

Memberships on other supervisory
boards:

Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Plischke
Aschau im Chiemgau, Germany
(born September 15, 1951)
Member of the Supervisory Board
effective April 2016
Independent consultant

Member of the Supervisory Board
effective April 2012
Chairman of the Works Council
of the Elberfeld site
Attendance at Supervisory Board
meetings: 8 of 9

Dr. Klaus Sturany*
Ascona, Switzerland
(born October 23, 1946)
Member of the Supervisory Board
effective April 2007

Member of the Supervisory Board
until September 2017

Member of the Supervisory Board
effective October 2006
Chairman of the German Trade
Union Confederation

Member of the Board of Directors
of Agilent Technologies Inc., Santa
Clara, U.S.A.

Michael Schmidt-Kießling
Schwelm, Germany
(born March 24, 1959)

Member of various supervisory
boards
Memberships on other supervisory
boards:
• Hannover Rück SE
(Vice Chairman)
Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 12 of 13

Heinz Georg Webers
Bergkamen, Germany
(born December 27, 1959)
Member of the Supervisory Board
until April 2017
Chairman of the Bayer European
Forum
Chairman of the Works Council of
the Bergkamen site
Memberships on other supervisory
boards:
• Bayer Pharma AG
(until January 2017)
Attendance at Supervisory Board
meetings: 3 of 3

Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. Otmar
D. Wiestler
Berlin, Germany
(born November 6, 1956)

• Currenta GeschäftsführungsGmbH

Member of the Supervisory Board
effective October 2014

Attendance at Supervisory Board
meetings: 4 of 4

President of the Helmholtz
Association of German Research
Centres

Sabine Schaab
Wuppertal, Germany
(born June 25, 1966)
Member of the Supervisory Board
effective October 2017

Attendance at Supervisory Board
and committee meetings: 10 of 11

* Expert member pursuant to Section
100, Paragraph 5 of the German
Stock Corporation Act (AktG)

Bayer Annual Report 2017

C Further Information
Governance Bodies
Augmented Version

Board of Management
Standing committees of the
Supervisory Board of Bayer AG
(as at December 31, 2017)

Presidial Committee /
Mediation Committee
Wenning (Chairman),
Achleitner, Reinbold-Knape,
Zühlke

Members of the Board of Management held offices as members of the
supervisory board or a comparable supervising body of the corporations
listed (as at December 31, 2017):

Werner Baumann
(born October 6, 1962)

Dr. Hartmut Klusik
(born July 30, 1956)

Chairman

Member of the Board of
Management effective
January 1, 2016, appointed
until December 31, 2018

Audit Committee
Sturany* (Chairman),
Elsner, Löllgen, Plischke,
Wenning, Zühlke

Member of the Board of
Management effective
January 1, 2010, appointed
until April 30, 2021

Human Resources Committee
Wenning (Chairman),
Achleitner, Hausfeld, van Broich

Liam Condon
(born February 27, 1968)

Nominations Committee
Wenning (Chairman),
Achleitner

Innovation Committee
Plischke (Chairman), Bischofberger,
van Broich, Reinbold-Knape,
Schaab, Wenning, Wiestler, Zühlke

Member of the Board of
Management effective
January 1, 2016, appointed
until December 31, 2018

Johannes Dietsch
(born January 2, 1962)
Member of the Board of
Management effective
September 1, 2014, appointed
until May 31, 2018
• Bayer Business Services GmbH
(Chairman)
• Bayer CropScience AG
(Chairman) (until February 2017)

Labor Director
• Bayer Pharma AG (Chairman)
(until February 2017)
• Currenta GeschäftsführungsGmbH (Chairman)

Kemal Malik
(born September 29, 1962)
Member of the Board of
Management effective
February 1, 2014, appointed
until January 31, 2022

Erica Mann
(born October 11, 1958)
Member of the Board of
Management effective
January 1, 2016, appointed
until March 31, 2018

• Covestro AG
• Covestro Deutschland AG
Dieter Weinand
(born August 16, 1960)
Member of the Board of
Management effective
January 1, 2016, appointed
until December 31, 2018
• HealthPrize Technologies LLC
(Board of Directors)

)

321

322

Bayer Annual Report 2017

C Further Information
Organization Chart
Augmented Version

Organization Chart
C1



Werner Baumann
Chairman

Johannes Dietsch 1
Finance

Hartmut Klusik *
Human Resources, Technology
& Sustainability

Kemal Malik
Innovation

M. Arnold
Corporate Office

M. Baum
Risk Management

A. Günther
Human Resources
& Organization

A. Bouchon
Bayer Lifescience Center

T.-P. Hausner
Strategy

B.-P. Bier
Accounting & Taxes

O. Maier
Investor Relations

V. Hahn
Regional Coordination

M. Preuss
Communications and
Public Affairs

G. Harnier
Law, Patents & Compliance

F. Rittgen
Mergers, Licencing & Acquisitions
R. Schwarz
Internal Audit

D. Hartert
Business Services
P. Müller
Finance
G. Schildmeyer
Corporate Controlling
T. Udesen
Procurement

* Labor Director
1
From June 1, 2018, Wolfgang Nickl
2
E urope / Middle East / Africa
3
Asia / Pacific
4
From April 1, 2018, Heiko Schipper

P.-G. Heiden
Corporate Quality
D. Heinz
Corporate Technology
& Manufacturing
R. Heumann
Corporate Supply Chain
G. Hilken
Currenta
A. Knors
Engineering & Technology
K. van Laak
Corporate Health,
Safety & Sustainability

M. Lessl
Corporate Innova­t ion and
Research & Development

Bayer Annual Report 2017

C Further Information
Organization Chart
Augmented Version

C 1 (continued)



Dieter Weinand
Pharmaceuticals

Erica Mann 4
Consumer Health

Liam Condon
Crop Science

C. Brunn
Commercial Operations
Americas

N. Bartner
Commercial Operations
North America

J. Applegate
Environmental Science

W. Carius
Product Supply

S. James
Innovation & Development

M. Devoy
Chief Medical Officer

J. Koelink
Product Supply

R. Franzen
Commercial Operations EMEA 2

O. Mauroy-Bressier
Finance

S. Guth
Strategic Marketing

S. Meyer
Commercial Operations
Europe / Middle East / Africa

W. Jiang
Commercial Operations
China & APAC 3
R. LaCaze
Oncology
J. Möller
Research & Development
H. Prinz
Commercial Operations
Japan
J. Triana
Finance

A. Sanchez
Commercial Operations
Latin America
G. Vreeken
Strategic Marketing
L. Yuen
Commercial Operations
Asia / Pacific

D. Backhaus
Product Supply
M. Dawkins
Post-Merger Integration
M. Kremer
Crop Strategies & Portfolio
Management
T. Menne
Digital Farming
B. Naaf
Business Affairs
& Communications
A. Percy
Research & Development
M. Reichardt
Agricultural Commercial
Operations
M. A. Schulz
Finance
F. Terhorst
Pre-Merger Planning

D. Ehle
Animal Health

As of March 1, 2018

323

324

C Further Information

Bayer Annual Report 2017

GRI Content Index
Augmented Version

G4 Content Index of the Global
Reporting Initiative (GRI) with the 10
Principles of the U.N. Global Compact
For fiscal 2017 we are once again applying the GRI G4 Guidelines that are valid until June 30, 2018. We have again
drafted our report in accordance with the “comprehensive” option of the Guidelines. If there is insufficient information
available on a GRI indicator, we have explained this. The detailed GRI Content Index additionally includes the corresponding UNGC principles and the assignment of our areas of activity to the GRI aspects. Moreover, we indicate whether our
scope to exercise influence lies within or outside the company (GRI G4–19, G4–20, G4–21).
For the implementation of the GRI Materiality Disclosure Service the GRI had access to the “Annual Report 2017 –
Augmented Version.” The correct positioning of the “G4 Materiality Disclosures” (G4-17 – G4-27) was confirmed by the GRI.

GRI G4 Content Index
UNGC
Principles

G4 Standard Disclosures

Page

General Standard Disclosures

Statement from the most
senior decision-maker

1-7

G4–1

G4–2

Key impacts, risks and
opportunities concerning
sustainability

43, 50 – 55,
56 – 58, 62,
94, 173

Organizational Profile

6

GRI aspect
limitation
G4-20 G4-21
within

Strategy and Analysis

G4–3

Name of the organization 46

G4–4

Primary brands, products 43, 46 – 47, 52
and services

G4–5

Location of the
organization’s
headquarters

G4–6

Countries with significant 44 – 46
operations

G4–7

Nature of ownership
and legal form

G4–8

Markets served

44 – 45, 102,
102 – 103

Scale of the
organization

Cover 3 (front
inside cover),
44 – 45, 79, 99,
208, 210

G4–9

Comments

Bayer area
of activity

44

39, 48

Employees by
80 – 81, 86
employment type, gender
G4–10 and region

outside

Bayer Annual Report 2017

C Further Information

325

GRI Content Index
Augmented Version

GRI G4 Content Index
UNGC
Principles

G4 Standard Disclosures

Page

General Standard Disclosures

3

Description of the
G4–12 supply chain

93

Significant changes
during the reporting
G4–13 period

2, 46, 48, 62,
64, 131

Implementation of the
G4–14 precautionary principle

107

External initiatives
that the organization
G4–15 endorses

40, 51, 56, 61,
85, 90, 94 – 95,
105, 107, 125

Significant memberships
in industry and business
G4–16 associations

56, 60, 85, 107,
109

Identified Material Aspects and Boundaries
Entities included in the
consolidated financial
G4–17 statements

42, 237

Process for defining
G4–18 the report content

57;
www.bayer.com/
materiality

Material Aspects
G4–19 identified

328 – 337;
www.bayer.com/
areas-of-activity

Aspect Boundaries
G4–20 within the organization

328 – 337;
www.bayer.com/
areas-of-activity

Aspect Boundaries
G4–21 outside the organization

328 – 337;
www.bayer.com/
areas-of-activity

Restatements of
information provided
G4–22 in previous reports

42, 48

Significant changes in
the Scope and Aspect
G4–23 Boundaries

57;
www.bayer.com/
areas-of-activity

Stakeholder Engagement
58 – 59

Identification and
G4–25 selection of stakeholders 58 – 59
Approach to stakeholder
engagement and
G4–26 frequency

GRI aspect
limitation
G4-20 G4-21
within

Percentage of employees
covered by collective
G4–11 bargaining agreements
88

Stakeholder groups
G4–24 engaged

Comments

Bayer area
of activity

38 – 39, 57 – 62,
64, 83 – 84, 97

Key topics and concerns
raised through
stakeholder engagement 38 – 39, 57, 61
G4–27 and response

outside

326

C Further Information

Bayer Annual Report 2017

GRI Content Index
Augmented Version

GRI G4 Content Index
UNGC
Principles

G4 Standard Disclosures

Page

General Standard Disclosures
Report Profile
42

Date of most recent
G4–29 previous report

Annual Report:
2016-02-22

G4–30 Reporting cycle

Annually

Contact point for
questions regarding
G4–31 the report

Cover 4 (back
inside cover)

“In accordance” option
with GRI and Content
G4–32 Index chosen

40, 324 – 337

External verification
G4–33 of the report

35, 42, 308 –
315, 316 – 318

Governance
Governance structure,
28 – 30, 32 – 34,
incl. committees of the
182, 184,
G4–34 highest governance body 186 – 187
Process for delegating
authority for economic,
environmental and social 57, 184,
G4–35 topics
186 – 188
28 – 29, 31, 33,
57, 89, 104,
167 – 169, 184,
188

34, 38 – 39,
Cover 4 (back
Processes for
inside cover);
consultation between
www.bayer.com/
stakeholders and the
en/corporateG4–37 highest governance body governance.aspx
Composition of the
highest governance body 33, 183,
G4–38 and its committees
185 – 186
Independence of the
Chair of the highest
G4–39 governance body

30, 186

Nomination and selection 34, 183 – 187
processes for the highest
governance body and its
G4–40 committees
Process for avoiding
G4–41 conflicts of interest

183 – 185,
187 – 188

Highest governance
body's role concerning
G4–42 strategy and goals

31, 56, 184

Measures taken
concerning the highest
governance body’s
knowledge in
G4–43 sustainability issues

GRI aspect
limitation
G4-20 G4-21
within

G4– 28 Reporting period

Executive-level position
with responsibility for
economic, environG4–36 mental and social topics

Comments

Bayer area
of activity

33

outside

Bayer Annual Report 2017

C Further Information

327

GRI Content Index
Augmented Version

GRI G4 Content Index
UNGC
Principles

G4 Standard Disclosures

Page

Comments

General Standard Disclosures

Bayer area
of activity

GRI aspect
limitation
G4-20 G4-21
within

Evaluation of the highest
governance body’s
performance concerning
G4–44 sustainability

30, 33

Highest governance
body’s role concerning
sustainability impacts,
G4–45 risks, and opportunities

171, 188

Highest governance
body’s role concerning
the effectiveness of the
G4–46 risk management

31, 33,168 –
169, 186 – 187

Frequency of the highest
governance body’s
review of sustainability
impacts, risks, and
33, 168,
G4–47 opportunities
170 – 171
Highest committee that
formally reviews and
approves the
G4–48 sustainability report

35, 41, 57, 190

Process for
communicating critical
concerns to the highest
G4–49 governance body

34, 38 – 39, 189;
www.bayer.com/
asm

Critical concerns that
were communicated to
the highest governance
G4–50 body

31;
www.bayer.com/
asm

Remuneration policies for
the highest governance
body and senior
43, 188,
G4–51 executives
191 – 195, 202
Process for determining
G4–52 remuneration

31, 191, 202

Stakeholders’ views
G4–53 regarding remuneration

191, 202;
www.bayer.com/
asm

Ratio of the highest
annual total
compensation to the
median annual total
G4–54 compensation

Not available: we do not consider this
compensation detail to be of informative
value for the evaluation of the
appropriateness of our compensation
structures. We report on these in detail in the
section “Competitive compensation and
variable pay” and in our Compensation
Report.

Ratio of percentage
increase in the
highest annual total
G4–55 compensation

Not available: we do not consider this
compensation detail to be of informative
value for the evaluation of the
appropriateness of our compensation
structures. We report on these in detail in the
section “Competitive compensation and
variable pay” and in our Compensation
Report.

outside

328

C Further Information

Bayer Annual Report 2017

GRI Content Index
Augmented Version

GRI G4 Content Index
UNGC
Principles

G4 Standard Disclosures

Page

Comments

Bayer area
of activity

General Standard Disclosures

GRI aspect
limitation
G4-20 G4-21
within

outside

within

outside

Ethics and Integrity

10

Values, principles,
standards and norms of
G4–56 behavior

43, 57, 83, 89,
188

10

Mechanisms for seeking
advice on ethical and
G4–57 lawful behavior

189

10

Mechanisms for reporting
concerns about unethical 89, 103,
G4–58 or unlawful behavior
188 – 189
Specific Standard Disclosures G4-19
Economic

7

7

6

Aspect: Economic Performance –
Management Approach

49, 91

G4EC1

Direct economic value
created and distributed

49 – 50, 86,
90 – 91, 249

G4EC2

Financial implications
and other risks and
opportunities due to
climate change

178;
www.bayer.com
/CDP-Climate

G4EC3

Coverage of benefit plan
obligations

86, 88,176,
269 – 272,
272 – 274, 277

G4EC4

Financial assistance
received from
government

64

Aspect: Market Presence –
Management Approach

6

G4EC5

Ratios of standard entry
level wage compared to
local minimum wage

6

G4EC6

Proportion of senior
management hired from
the local community

84
We align our compensation with local
market conditions in Emerging Markets
and developing countries. Furthermore,
in keeping with our human rights
position, we pursue the goal of paying
adequate salaries that ensure a suitable
standard of living for our employees and
their families. In all Emerging Markets
where we are active, the lowest salary
paid by Bayer is at least in line with the
applicable minimum wage and in most
cases higher. We therefore do not
report on the margin between standard
entry salary according to gender and
local minimum wage.

84

Employee relations &
development

X

Product and process
innovation

X

X

Environmental
protection / resource
efficiency

X

X

Employee relations &
development

X

Bayer Annual Report 2017

329

C Further Information
GRI Content Index
Augmented Version

GRI G4 Content Index
UNGC
Principles

G4 Standard Disclosures

Page

Comments

Bayer area of
activity

Specific Standard Disclosures G4-19

within

Aspect: Indirect Economic
Impacts – Management Approach 49
G4EC7

Infrastructure
investments and
services provided

51 – 52, 91, 98

G4EC8

Indirect economic
impacts

49

Aspect: Procurement Practices –
Management Approach

93

G4EC9

42, 93, 338 –
339

Proportion of spending
on local suppliers

GRI aspect
limitation
G4-20 G4-21
outside

Sustainable food
supply

X

Access to
health care

X

Supplier
management

X

Environmental

7, 8

7, 8

Aspect: Materials –
Management Approach

G4EN1

Materials used by
weight or volume

94, 99,
104 – 105,
120, 128

94

Environmental
protection / resource
efficiency

X

X

Environmental
protection / resource
efficiency

X

X

Environmental
protection / resource
efficiency

X

X

We do not report on the weight and volume of
the materials used. This information constitutes
a business secret. On account of our product
portfolio we additionally do not consider this
information to be meaningful.
We do not provide any information on volumes
relating to the total material use of secondary
raw materials since this also constitutes a
business secret. We do provide information on
production-, material- and, where possible,
product-related recycling.

Percentage of materials
used that are recycled
input materials

8

G4EN2

7, 8,
9

Aspect: Energy –
Management Approach

55, 99,
104 – 105,
120 – 122

7, 8

G4EN3

Energy consumption
within the organization

120 – 121

G4EN4

Energy consumption
outside of the
organization

121

8

G4EN5

Energy intensity

121 – 124

8, 9

G4EN6

Reduction of energy
consumption

121 – 124

8, 9

G4EN7

Reductions in energy
requirements of
products and services

7; 8

Aspect: Water –
Management Approach

55, 99,
104 – 105, 120,
124 – 125

7, 8

G4EN8

Total water withdrawal by source

125 – 126

8

G4EN9

Water resources
significantly affected

125;
www.bayer.com
/CDP-Water

8

G4EN10

Water recycled and
reused

125

Such energy consumption is contained in the
details of greenhouse gas emissions for Scope
3, which we publish in the CDP Report
(www.bayer.com/CDP-Climate).

We do not consider this indicator to be
applicable to our product portfolio as a Life
Science company. Data are therefore not
available.

330

C Further Information

Bayer Annual Report 2017

GRI Content Index
Augmented Version

GRI G4 Content Index
UNGC
Principles

G4 Standard Disclosures

Page

Comments

Bayer area of
activity

within

outside

Environmental
protection / resource
efficiency

X

X

Environmental
protection / resource
efficiency

X

X

Environmental
protection / resource
efficiency

X

X

Specific Standard Disclosures G4-19

8

Aspect: Biodiversity –
Management Approach

99, 109

G4EN11

Operational sites
in protected areas

99

8

G4EN12

Impacts on protected
areas or areas of high
biodiversity value

109

7, 8,
9

Aspect: Emissions –
Management Approach

7, 8

G4EN15

Direct greenhouse gas
(GHG) emissions
(Scope 1)

7, 8

G4EN16

Energy indirect
greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions (Scope 2)

122 – 123

7, 8

G4EN17

Other indirect
greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions (Scope 3)

122 – 123;
www.bayer.com/
CDP-Climate

8

G4EN18

Greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions intensity

123

8, 9

G4EN19

Reduction of
greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions

122, 127

7, 8

G4EN20

Emissions of ozonedepleting substances
(ODS)

124

7, 8

G4EN21

NOx, SOx and other
significant air emissions

124

8

We use our site register to record all site-related
data (including size). For confidentiality reasons,
we do not publish any size data on our sites, for
example.

55, 99,
104 – 105, 120,
122 – 123

122 – 123

99, 104 – 105,
112, 120,
124 – 126, 128,
177

8

Aspect: Effluents and Waste –
Management Approach

8

G4EN22

Total water discharge
by quality and
destination

126

8

G4EN23

Total weight of waste
by type and disposal
method

127

8

G4EN24

Total number and
volume of significant
spills

119 – 120, 124

8

G4EN25

Handling of hazardous
waste

127

Waste transported across borders is recorded
in Europe in line with legal regulations and
reported to the responsible authorities.

G4EN26

Water bodies
significantly affected
by discharges of water
and runoff

99, 124 – 125,
126

We give detailed information on all waterrelated issues in our CDP Water Report
(www.bayer.com/CDP-Water)

8

GRI aspect
limitation
G4-20 G4-21

Bayer Annual Report 2017

331

C Further Information
GRI Content Index
Augmented Version

GRI G4 Content Index
UNGC
Principles

G4 Standard Disclosures

Page

Comments

Bayer area of
activity

within

outside

Product and process
innovation

X

X

Product stewardship

X

X

Environmental
protection / resource
efficiency

X

X

Specific Standard Disclosures G4-19

7, 8,
9

Aspect: Products and Services –
Management Approach

106, 108, 112,
113, 115, 120,
176

7, 8,
9

G4EN27

Mitigation of
environmental impacts
of products and
services

64, 112 – 113,
115

8

G4EN28

Reclaimed products
and packaging

8

8

8

Aspect: Compliance –
Management Approach

G4EN29

Fines and sanctions
for noncompliance
with environmental
regulations

Aspect: Transport –
Management Approach
Significant
environmental impacts
of transports

8

G4EN30

8

Aspect: Supplier Environmental
Assessment – Management
Approach

8

Percentage of new
suppliers that were
screened using
environmental criteria

G4EN32

Significant negative
environmental impacts
in the supply chain and
actions taken

8

G4EN33

8

Aspect: Environmental
Grievance Mechanisms –
Management Approach

8

G4EN34

Grievances about
environmental impacts

GRI aspect
limitation
G4-20 G4-21

128
55, 89,
103 – 104,
169,177, 182,
187 – 189

Business ethics

X

X

Safety

X

X

Environmental
protection / resource
efficiency

X

X

229 – 230, 278,
296 – 297, 300

101

101, 122
Supplier
management

54, 93 – 96, 101

95

We do not report on the percentage of
new suppliers screened using
environmental criteria because these data
are not available. We report on the
procedure used for assessment.

95 – 96

We do not report in detail on the negative
environmental impact determined during
supplier assessment. We give details on
the areas in which essential impacts were
identified and corrective measures were
defined.

189

189

Business ethics
We do not report on the number of grievances
with respect to negative environmental impact.
We report on the total number of notifications
registered with the compliance hotline. We
internally record the precise reason for the
grievance, track how it is followed up and take
corresponding action in line with our corporate
policy. More detailed information on this would
constitute a business secret.

X

X

X

332

C Further Information

Bayer Annual Report 2017

GRI Content Index
Augmented Version

GRI G4 Content Index
UNGC
Principles

G4 Standard Disclosures

Page

Comments

Bayer area of
activity

Specific Standard Disclosures G4-19

GRI aspect
limitation
G4-20 G4-21
within

outside

Labor Practices and Decent Work
6

Aspect: Employment –
Management Approach

79, 86

6

G4LA1

New employee hires
and employee turnover

81 – 82

G4LA2

Benefits provided to
full-time employees

85

6

G4LA3

Return to work and
retention rates after
parental leave

86 – 87

3

Aspect: Labor / Management
Relations – Management
Approach

83 – 84

3

G4LA4

1, 6

Aspect: Occupational Health
and Safety –
Management Approach

Minimum notice
period(s) regarding
operational changes

X

Employee relations
& development

X

Safety

X

Employee relations
& development

X

Employee relations
& development

X

83
55, 79, 87, 99,
104 – 105, 116 –
117, 177, 188

Percentage of total
workforce represented
in health and safety
committees

We do not report on the percentage of the total
workforce represented in health and safety
committees as these data are not globally
available. We plan to record these data in the
future.

G4LA6

Injuries, occupational
diseases, lost days and
work-related fatalities

116 – 117

We do not report on occupational injuries by
gender, as these data have to be collected in
certain regions anonymously. It is important for
us to have classification by incident type and a
detailed analysis of the causes of the individual
incidents.

G4LA7

Workers with high
incidence or risk of
diseases

116

G4LA8

Health and safety topics
covered in formal
agreements with trade
unions
87

G4LA5

Employee relations
& development

6

Aspect: Training and Education –
79, 82, 174
Management Approach

6

G4LA9

Average hours of
training

83

G4LA10

Programs that support
the continued
employability of
employees

62, 82, 87, 117;
www.bayer.com
/training

6

G4LA11

Percentage of
employees receiving
regular performance
and career
development reviews

83

1, 6

Aspect: Diversity and
Equal Opportunity –
Management Approach

55, 79, 83 – 85,
174, 183 – 185

X

Bayer Annual Report 2017

333

C Further Information
GRI Content Index
Augmented Version

GRI G4 Content Index
UNGC
Principles

G4 Standard Disclosures

Page

Comments

Bayer area of
activity

Specific Standard Disclosures G4-19
Composition of
governance bodies and
breakdown of
employees by aspects
of diversity

6

G4LA12

6

Aspect: Equal Remuneration for
Women and Men –
Management Approach

6

G4LA13

Ratio of basic salary
and remuneration of
women to men

Aspect: Supplier Assessment
for Labor Practices –
Management Approach

G4LA14

Percentage of new
suppliers that were
screened using labor
practices criteria

G4LA15

Significant negative
impacts
for labor practices in
the supply chain and
actions taken

Aspect: Labor Practices
Grievance Mechanisms –
Management Approach

G4LA16

Grievances about
labor practices

28 – 29, 80 – 81,
84 – 85, 183,
185 – 186,
319 – 322

within

Employee relations
& development

X

We do not report quantitatively on the ratio of
the basic salary and compensation of women
to men. Male and female employees at Bayer
receive equal compensation. It is awarded on
the basis of qualifications and responsibility.

54, 89, 93 – 96,
101

Supplier
management

95

We do not report on the percentage of
new suppliers screened using labor
practices criteria because these data are
not available. We report on the procedure
used for assessment.

89, 95 – 96

We do not report in detail on the negative
impact on labor practices determined
during supplier assessment. We give
details on the areas in which essential
impacts were identified and corrective
measures were defined.

89, 189

189

outside

We do not report on minorities, as these data
may not be recorded in some countries on
grounds of protection of personal rights.

85

85

GRI aspect
limitation
G4-20 G4-21

X

Business ethics

X

X

Business ethics

X

X

Employee relations
& development

X

We do not report on the number of
grievances with respect to the negative
impact on labor practices. We report on
the total number of notifications registered
with the compliance hotline. We internally
record the precise reason for the
grievance, track how it is followed up and
take corresponding action in line with our
corporate policy. More detailed
information on this would constitute a
business secret.

Human Rights

6

Aspect: Non-discrimination –
Management Approach
83, 89, 188

6

G4HR3

Incidents of
discrimination and
corrective actions taken

89, 189

We do not report on the number of
incidents of discrimination. We report on
the total number of notifications registered
with the compliance hotline. We internally
record the precise reason for the
grievance, track how it is followed up and
take corresponding action in line with our
corporate policy. More detailed
information on this would constitute a
business secret.

334

C Further Information

Bayer Annual Report 2017

GRI Content Index
Augmented Version

GRI G4 Content Index
UNGC
Principles

G4 Standard Disclosures

Page

Comments

Bayer area of
activity

Specific Standard Disclosures G4-19

2, 3

Aspect: Freedom of Association
and Collective Bargaining –
Management Approach

2, 3

Operations and
suppliers identified in
which the right to
exercise freedom of
association may be
violated or at risk, and
measures taken

2, 5

G4HR4

Aspect: Child Labor –
Management Approach
Operations and
suppliers having
significant risk for
incidents of child labor,
and measures taken

2, 5

G4HR5

2, 4

Aspect: Forced or
Compulsory Labor –
Management Approach
Operations and
suppliers having
significant risk for
incidents of forced or
compulsory labor, and
measures taken

2, 4

G4HR6

1

Aspect: Security Practices –
Management Approach

within

1

G4HR7

2

Aspect: Supplier Human Rights
Assessment – Management
Approach

2

Percentage of new
suppliers that were
screened using human
rights criteria

2

G4HR10

G4HR11

Significant negative
human rights impacts in
the supply chain and
actions taken

outside

Employee relations
& development
X
88 – 89, 94 – 95,
188

Supplier
management

X

Employee relations
& development

X

Supplier
management

X

Employee relations
& development

X

Supplier
management

X

Employee relations
& development

X

Business ethics

X

X

89, 95 – 96

83, 89, 94 – 95,
97 – 98, 188

X

89, 95 – 96,
98 – 99

83, 89, 94 – 95,
188

X

89, 95, 96

89
Percentage of security
personnel trained in the
field of human rights

GRI aspect
limitation
G4-20 G4-21

X

89
54, 83, 89,
93 – 96, 101

Supplier
management

95

We do not report on the percentage of
new suppliers screened using human
rights criteria because these data are not
available. We report on the procedure
used for assessment.

89, 95 – 96

We do not report in detail on the negative
impact on human rights determined
during supplier assessment. We give
details on the areas in which essential
impacts occurred and corrective
measures were defined.

X

Bayer Annual Report 2017

335

C Further Information
GRI Content Index
Augmented Version

GRI G4 Content Index
UNGC
Principles

G4 Standard Disclosures

Page

Comments

Bayer area of
activity

within

outside

Business ethics

X

X

Safety

X

X

Stakeholder
engagement /
partnering

X

X

Societal
engagement

X

X

Business ethics

X

X

Business ethics

X

X

Specific Standard Disclosures G4-19

1

1

Aspect: Human Rights
Grievance Mechanisms –
Management Approach

G4HR12

Grievances about
human rights impacts

89, 189

89, 189

GRI aspect
limitation
G4-20 G4-21

We do not report on the number of formal
grievances with respect to human rights
violations, but on the total number of
notifications registered with the compliance
hotline. We internally record the precise
reason for the grievance and take corresponding action in line with our corporate
policy. More detailed information on this
would constitute a business secret.

Society

1

Aspect: Local Communities –
Management Approach

55, 58, 61 – 62,
99 – 101,
104 – 105,
116 – 119, 124,
177, 188

G4SO1

Percentage of
operations with
implemented local
community
engagement, impact
assessments and
development programs

58, 60 – 61

1

G4SO2

Operations with actual
and potential negative
impacts on local
communities

100, 117 – 119,
124

10

Aspect: Anti-corruption –
Management Approach

1

10

10

G4SO3

G4SO4

Percentage of
operations assessed
for risks related to
corruption and risks
identified

Communication
and training on
anti-corruption

Confirmed incidents of
corruption and actions
taken

55, 103 – 104,
169, 177,
187 – 189

188

We do not report such risks in relation to
operations but in relation to sales. Complete
coverage is key in compliance / anti-corruption
in the first instance. Areas at risk are monitored
more frequently than others.

189

We do not report quantitatively on training for
the Board of Management, Supervisory Board
and business partners. Anti-corruption training
is performed globally, we therefore do not
disclose such information explicitly according to
region.

189

We do not report on the number of confirmed
incidents of corruption. We report on the total
number of notifications registered with the
compliance hotline. We internally record the
precise reason for the grievance, track how it is
followed up and take corresponding action in
line with our corporate policy. More detailed
information on this would constitute a business
secret.

10

G4SO5

10

Aspect: Public Policy –
Management Approach

190

10

G4SO6

190

Total value of political
contributions

336

C Further Information

Bayer Annual Report 2017

GRI Content Index
Augmented Version

GRI G4 Content Index
UNGC
Principles

G4 Standard Disclosures

Page

Comments

Bayer area of
activity

within

outside

Business ethics

X

X

Business ethics

X

X

Specific Standard Disclosures G4-19
Aspect: Anti-competitive
Behavior – Management
Approach

G4SO7

Legal actions for anticompetitive behavior,
anti-trust and monopoly
practices

Aspect: Compliance –
Management Approach

G4SO8

2

Fines and sanctions for
noncompliance with
laws and regulations

Aspect: Supplier Assessment
for Impacts on Society –
Management Approach

G4SO9

Percentage of new
suppliers that were
screened using criteria
for impacts on society

2

G4SO10

Significant negative
impacts on society in
the supply chain and
actions taken

2, 3

Aspect: Grievance Mechanisms
for Impacts on Society –
Management Approach

2, 3

G4SO11

Number of grievances
about impacts on
society

55, 169, 177,
187 – 189

GRI aspect
limitation
G4-20 G4-21

229 – 230, 278,
296 – 297
55, 169, 177,
187 – 189

229 – 230, 278,
296 – 297, 300
54, 89, 93 – 96,
101

Supplier
management

95

We do not report on the percentage of new
suppliers screened using criteria for impact on
society because these data are not available.
We report on the procedure used for
assessment.

89, 95 – 96

We do not report in detail on the negative
impact on society determined during supplier
evaluation. We give details on the areas in
which essential impacts occurred and
corrective measures were defined.

189

189

Business ethics

X

X

X

We do not report on the number of formal
grievances with respect to the negative impact
on society. We report on the total number of
notifications registered with the compliance
hotline. We internally record the precise reason
for the grievance, track how it is followed up
and take corresponding action in line with our
corporate policy. More detailed information on
this would constitute a business secret.

Product Responsibility

Aspect:
Customer Health and Safety –
Management Approach

G4PR1

Percentage of significant
product and service
categories for which health
and safety impacts are
assessed

G4PR2

Incidents of
noncompliance with
regulations and
voluntary codes
concerning the health
and safety impacts of
products and services

Sustainable food
supply

55, 104 – 107,
108 – 113, 115,
176, 188

Product
stewardship

55, 105 – 108,
111 – 113, 115,
176, 188

296 – 297

We do not report on the number of incidents of
noncompliance with regulations and voluntary
codes concerning the health and safety impact
of products and services. Any proceedings
on account of violations would be reported in
B Note 32 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, Chapter “Legal Risks”.

X
X

X

Bayer Annual Report 2017

337

C Further Information
GRI Content Index
Augmented Version

GRI G4 Content Index
UNGC
Principles

G4 Standard Disclosures

Page

Comments

Bayer area of
activity

within

outside

Product
stewardship

X

X

Product
stewardship

X

X

Business ethics

X

X

Specific Standard Disclosures G4-19

7

Aspect: Product and Service
Labelling – Management
Approach

7

G4PR3

Principles / procedures
for product and service
information and labeling

G4PR4

Incidents of
noncompliance with
regulations and
voluntary codes
concerning product
and service information
and labeling

296 – 297

G4PR5

Results of surveys
measuring customer
satisfaction

102 – 103

102 – 103, 106 –
108, 111, 113
102 – 103, 106 –
108, 111, 113

7

Aspect:
Marketing Communications –
Management Approach

102 – 104, 108,
113

7

G4PR6

Sale of banned or
disputed products

115, 178

G4PR7

Incidents of
noncompliance with
regulations and
voluntary codes
concerning marketing
communications

Aspect: Compliance –
Management Approach

G4PR9

Significant fines
concerning the
provision and use of
products and services

296 – 297
55, 169, 177,
187 – 189

229 – 230, 246,
278, 296 – 299

Further G4 Standard Disclosures

2

G4-HR1

Significant investment
agreements and
contracts that include
human rights clauses
or screening

1

G4-HR2

Employee training on
human rights issues

Aspect: Customer Privacy –
Management Approach

GRI aspect
limitation
G4-20 G4-21

99
83, 89, 97
104, 174, 188

We do not report on the number of incidents of
noncompliance with regulations and voluntary
codes concerning product and service
information and labeling. Any proceedings on
account of violations would be reported in B
Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, Chapter “Legal Risks”.

We do not report on the number of incidents of
noncompliance with regulations and voluntary
codes concerning marketing communications.
Any proceedings on account of violations
would be reported in B Note 32 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, Chapter
“Legal Risks”.

338

C Further Information

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Glossary
Augmented version

Glossary
A

F

Access to Medicine (ATM)
describes activities to promote
general access to essential
medicines and improve
knowledge on health.

(Corporate) compliance
comprises the observance of
statutory and company regulations on lawful and responsible
conduct.

APM is the abbreviation for
alternative performance measure;
see A 2.4 for more information.

Corporate governance comprises the long-term management and oversight of the company in accordance with the
principles of responsibility and
transparency. The German
Corporate Governance Code
sets out basic principles for the
management and oversight of
publicly listed companies.

B

Biocides are substances and
products that control pests such
as insects, mice and rats, as well
as algae, fungi and bacteria.

C

CDP is a nonprofit organization
that works on behalf of institutional investors to compile annual
rankings of detailed environmental data, especially in respect of
greenhouse gas emissions (CDPClimate) and water management
(CDP-Water), from over 5,000
companies worldwide. According
to CDP, more than 800 investors
representing fund assets of
around US$100 trillion currently
draw on this information for their
investment decisions.
Conflict minerals are those
mined in conflict regions.
They include tin, tungsten and
tantalum ores, gold or their
derivatives. Armed conflicts over
the control of these resources
occur particularly in the eastern
part of the Democratic Republic
of Congo and neighboring
countries.
Consumer-validated concepts
are concepts that are assessed
in terms of their potential for
success through consumer
surveys conducted as part of
market research activities.
Continuing operations Sales
and earnings reporting for
continuing operations pertains
only to business operations that
are expected to remain in the
company’s portfolio for the
foreseeable future; opposite of
discontinued operations.

Corruption Perceptions Index
(CPI) Since 1995, NGO Transparency International has produced an annual index of countries by the perceived level of
public-sector corruption. The CPI
ranks countries according to the
extent to which public servants
and politicians are believed to
engage in bribery and to grant or
accept undue advantage.
Credit default swaps (CDS) are
tradable insurance contracts
used to hedge against the default
of a borrower.

D

Debt Issuance Program (DIP)
DIP is a documentation platform
that has enabled Bayer to flexibly
issue notes in various currencies
and with different maturities.
Diversity designates the variation within the workforce in terms
of gender, origin, nationality, age,
religion, sexual orientation and
physical capability.

Field crops are cultivated
plants with life cycles – vegetative development, flowering,
ripening and death – lasting up
to one year. Examples include
cereals, oilseed rape and sugar
beets.
Foreign exchange Claims for
payments in foreign currencies
traded on foreign exchanges,
usually in the form of balances
with foreign banks or bills of
exchange or checks payable
abroad; banknotes and coins
denominated in foreign currencies are not considered to be
foreign exchange.

G

GHG Protocol The Greenhouse
Gas Protocol is an internationally
recognized tool for recording,
quantifying and reporting greenhouse gas emissions. Its standards cover all emissions within
a company’s value chain. Bayer
aligns itself to the Corporate
Standard for direct (Scope 1)
and indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions and also
to the Corporate Value Chain
(Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard, which covers
further indirect emissions along
the value chain. Dual reporting
was introduced in 2015 with
the updating of the GHG guidelines for Scope 2. Indirect emissions have now to be reported
using both the location-based
and the market-based methods.
The location-based method
uses regional or national average
emissions factors, while the
market-based method applies
provider- or product-specific
emissions factors based on
contractual instruments.
Global commercial paper
program Commercial paper (CP)
issued under Bayer’s program is
a short-term, unsecured debt
instrument normally issued at a
discount and redeemed at nominal value. It is a flexible way of
obtaining short-term funding on
the capital market. Bayer’s commercial paper program allows the
company to issue commercial
paper on both the U.S. and
European markets.

GRI (Global Reporting Initiative) is a nonprofit organization
that works to promote the dissemination and optimization of
sustainability reporting. The GRI
guidelines are considered the
most frequently used and internationally most recognized
standard for sustainability reporting. These guidelines are evolved
in a multi-stakeholder process.
GRI was established in 1997 by
Ceres (Coalition for Environmentally Responsible Economies) and
UNEP (United Nations Environment Programme).
The Group Leadership Circle
is the highest level of management at the Bayer Group and
comprises roughly 480 managers
with significant responsibility on
a national or global level.
GxP is a collective term for all
guidelines that govern “good
working practice” and are particularly relevant for the fields of
medicine, pharmacy and pharmaceutical chemistry. The “G”
stands for “Good” and the “P” for
“Practice,” while the “x” in the
middle is replaced by the respective abbreviation for the specific
area of application – such as
Good Manufacturing Practice
(GMP), Good Laboratory Practice
(GLP), Good Clinical Practice
(GCP) or Good Agricultural Practice (GAP). These guidelines are
established by institutions such
as the European Medicines
Agency or the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration.

H

HSEQ stands for health, safety,
environment and quality.
Hybrid bond A hybrid bond
is a corporate bond with equityequivalent properties, usually
with either no maturity date or
a very long maturity. Due to its
subordination, it has a lower
likelihood of repayment than a
normal bond in the event of
issuer bankruptcy.

Bayer Annual Report 2017

C Further Information

339

Glossary
Augmented version

I

ILO core labor standards
The eight core labor standards
of the ILO (International Labour
Organization) that define the
minimum requirements for humane working conditions are
internationally recognized “qualitative social standards.” They
represent universal human rights
that are deemed valid in all
countries regardless of their
economic development status.

J

Junior management refers to
managerial employees below the
five highest management levels.

Price / cash flow ratio
The price / cash flow ratio is the
ratio of the share price to operating cash flow per share. It shows
how long it would take for the
company’s cash flow to cover the
share price.
Price / earnings ratio
This is the ratio of the current
share price to earnings per share
(EPS). A high price / earnings
ratio indicates that the market
assigns a high value to the stock
in the expectation of future
earnings growth.
Purchase price allocation (PPA)
describes the process of allocating the purchase price into various assets and liabilities when a
company is acquired.

L

Local procurement at Bayer
means that goods and services
are ordered from suppliers that
are based in the same country as
the (Bayer) company that receives them.

N

Neonicotinoids are a chemical
class of systemic insecticides.

O

OTC (over-the-counter) designates the business with nonprescription medicines.

P

Pharmacovigilance is defined
as activities and the science they
are based on that relate to the
identification, assessment, comprehension and prevention of
side effects or other problems
associated with pharmaceutical
products.
Phase I-IV studies are clinical
phases in the development of a
drug product. The active ingredient candidate is generally tested
in healthy subjects in Phase I,
and in patients in Phases II and
III. The studies test the therapeutic tolerability and efficacy of
active ingredients in a specific
indication. Phase IV studies are
conducted following the approval
of a new drug product to monitor
its safety and efficacy over an
extended period of time. The
studies are subject to strict legal
requirements and documentation
procedures.

R

Reconciliation The reconciliation
records, on the one hand, those
business activities not assigned
to any other segment (“All Other
Segments”), including particularly
the services provided by Business Services and Currenta. It
also includes “Corporate Functions and Consolidation,” which
largely comprises Bayer holding
companies and Leaps by Bayer
(formerly the Bayer Lifescience
Center).
3Rs principle (replace, reduce,
refine) Replace: prior to each
project, Bayer checks whether
an approved method is available
that does not rely on animal
studies and then applies it.
Reduce: in case no alternative
method exists, only as many
animals are used as are needed
to achieve scientifically meaningful results based on statutory
requirements. Refine: Bayer
ensures that animal studies are
performed in a way that minimizes any suffering.
RSPO and RTRS credits
The credit system is a model that
supports the production of ecologically, socially and economically sustainable products with
RTRS / RSPO certification through
the sale of so-called credits. The
financial proceeds from credits
benefit farmers, who are able to
use the money to offset the
additional costs of sustainable
production.

S

V

Senior management refers to
managerial employees in the five
highest management levels.

Vector control describes methods for the avoidance or targeted
control of organisms that transmit pathogens triggering infectious diseases. Vectors include
blood-sucking insects such as
the Anopheles mosquito, which
can transfer malaria parasites, for
example.

Short-Term Incentive program
(STI program) is the variable
income component for all managerial staff. Employees taking
part in the program share in the
company’s success of the past
year in line with a uniform model
that applies across the Group.
Significant locations of
operation A selection of countries that accounted for more
than 80% of total Bayer Group
sales in 2017 (United States,
Germany, China, Brazil, Japan,
France, Canada, Italy, Mexico,
U.K., India, Spain, Australia,
Russia, Switzerland, Poland,
Turkey and Argentina)
Social innovation To tackle
the challenges of our time, we
need to think and work in a
way that goes beyond the
boundaries of scientific disciplines and institutions – both in
the science sector and social
domain. The term defines the
process by which new social
practices emerge, prevail and
become more widespread in
various areas of society.
Syndicated credit facility
Credit line agreed with a group
of banks; generally used for
extensive financing requirements,
such as when making an acquisition, to increase available liquidity
or as security for the issuance
of debt instruments. The credit
facility can be utilized and repaid
flexibly, either in full or in portions, during its term.

U

United Nations Global
Compact (UNGC) The United
Nations Global Compact is
the most far-reaching and important responsible corporate
governance initiative in the
world. Based on 10 universal
principles in the areas of human
rights, labor, environment and
anticorruption, the UNGC pursues the vision of an inclusive
and sustainable global economy
that benefits people, communities and markets everywhere.
By committing to the UNGC,
companies agree to document
each year their efforts to uphold
the 10 principles.

W

Working capital is the difference between short-term current
assets and short-term liabilities;
it is calculated by deducting
short-term liabilities from current
assets (excluding cash and cash
equivalents). In the statement of
cash flows, the change in working capital is one of the variables
used to assess a company’s
financial health. The objective of
working capital management is
to reduce working capital by
minimizing the “financing gap”
caused by the time lapse between the disbursement of funds
(= payment for necessary raw
materials) and the receipt of
funds for the finished product.

340

C Further Information

Bayer Annual Report 2017

Five-Year Summary
Augmented Version

Five-Year Summary
2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

Sales

40,157

41,339

46,085

34,943

35,015

EBITDA 1

7,830

8,315

9,573

8,801

8,563

EBITDA before special items 1

8,401

8,685

10,256

9,318

9,288

EBITDA margin before special items 1

20.9%

21.0%

22.3%

26.7%

26.5%

EBIT 1

4,934

5,395

6,241

5,738

5,903

EBIT before special items 1

5,773

5,833

7,060

6,826

7,130

Income before income taxes

4,207

4,414

5,236

4,773

4,577

Net income (from continuing and discontinued operations)

3,189

3,426

4,110

4,531

7,336

€ million

Bayer Group

Earnings per share (from continuing and discontinued operations) (€) 1

3.86

4.14

4.97

5.44

8.41

Core earnings per share (from continuing operations) (€) 1

5.61

5.89

6.82

6.67

6.74

Net cash provided by operating activities
(from continuing and discontinued operations)

5,171

5,810

6,890

9,089

8,134

Net financial debt

6,731

19,612

17,449

11,778

3,595

Capital expenditures (as per segment table) 2

2,155

2,484

2,554

2,627

2,418

Total dividend payment

1,737

1,861

2,067

2,233

2,315

Dividend per share (€)

2.10

2.25

2.50

2.70

2.80

Research and development expenses

3,406

3,537

4,274

4,405

4,504

Ratio of R&D expenses to sales – Pharmaceuticals (%)

15.8

15.6

16.0

16.7

16.2

Ratio of R&D expenses to sales – Crop Science (%)

9.8

10.3

10.7

11.7

11.7

13,509

13,900

14,753

14,213

14,041

112,400

117,400

116,600

99,592

99,820

9,430

9,693

11,176

9,459

9,528

Proportion of women in senior management (%)

25

26

28

31

32

Proportion of employees with health insurance (%)

95

96

96

98

98

5.5 / 14.0

4.8 / 11.4

5.0 / 13.9

4.8 / 13.2

4.8 / 10.4

17.8

18.0

20.0

23.0

23.4

0.45

Bayer AG

Innovation

Employees in research and development
Employees
Number of employees 3 (Dec. 31)
Personnel expenses (including pension expenses) (€ million)

Fluctuation (voluntary / total) (%)
Hours of vocational and ongoing training per employee
Safety & Environmental Protection
Recordable Incident Rate for Bayer employees (RIR)

0.49

0.44

0.43

0.40

Loss of Primary Containment Incident Rate (LoPC-IR) 4

0.16

0.13

0.11

0.17

0.13

27,972

26,288

24,677

26,243

25,832

Total energy consumption (terajoules)
Energy efficiency (kWh / €1,000 external sales) 5

171

154

143

130

125

Total greenhouse gas emissions (CO 2 equivalents in million t) 6

4.40

4.06

4.62

4.64

3.63

Specific greenhouse gas emissions (CO 2 equivalents in kg / €1,000 external
sales), according to the market-based method 7

52.18

46.84

55.70

48.45

46.26

117

104

110

93

98

Water use (million m³)

2016 figures restated; figures for 2013 – 2015 as last reported; Safety & Environmental Protection: prior years’ figures restated
1
For definitions of the indicators, see A 2.4
2
Group total 2016 including Covestro
3
Employees calculated as full-time equivalents (FTEs)
4
LoPC = Loss of Primary Containment; number of incidents in which chemicals leak from their primary container, such as pipelines, pumps, tanks or drums,
per 200,000 working hours
5
Quotient of total energy consumption and external sales; Bayer excluding Currenta
6
Direct emissions from power plants, waste incinerators and production plants and indirect emissions from external supplies of electricity, steam and cooling
(according to the market-based method); portfolio-adjusted in accordance with the GHG Protocol
7
Bayer excluding Currenta

Financial Calendar
May 3, 2018
May 25, 2018
May 30, 2018
September 5, 2018
November 13, 2018
February 27, 2019
April 25, 2019
April 26, 2019

Q1 2018 Interim Report 
Annual Stockholders’ Meeting 2018 
Planned dividend payment day 
Q2 2018 Interim Report 
Q3 2018 Interim Report 
Annual Report 2018 
Q1 2019 Interim Report 
Annual Stockholders’ Meeting 2019 

Masthead
Publisher
Bayer AG, 51368 Leverkusen,
Germany

Editor
Jörg Schäfer, Tel. +49 214 30 39136
email: joerg.schaefer@bayer.com

Investor Relations
Peter Dahlhoff, Tel. +49 214 30 33022
email: peter.dahlhoff@bayer.com

Date of publication
Wednesday, February 28, 2018

Sustainability & Business
Stewardship
Dagmar Jost, Tel. +49 214 30 75284
email: dagmar.jost@bayer.com

English edition
Bayer Business Services GmbH
Translation Services
ISSN 0343 / 1975

For fast and easy access to our online services, there’s no need to copy down the internet addresses.
Simply scan the codes below with your smartphone and an appropriate app:
Annual Report
online
Available at:
bayer.com / ar17

Annual Stockholders’
Meeting 2018
Information available at:
bayer.com / asm

Other publications
Overview available at:
bayer.com / publications

Bayer on the internet: www.bayer.com
Combined management report and consolidated financial statements produced in-house with firesys.
The paper this report is printed on is derived from
sources managed in line with social, economic
and ecological principles and therefore bears the
seal of the Forest Stewardship Council ®.

Cautionary Statements Regarding
Forward-Looking Information
Certain statements contained in this Annual
Report may constitute “forward-looking statements.” Actual results could differ materially
from those projected or forecast in the forward-looking statements. The factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially
include the following: uncertainties as to the
timing of the transaction; the possibility that
the parties may be unable to achieve expected
synergies and operating efficiencies in the
merger within the expected time frames or at
all and to successfully integrate Monsanto’s
operations into those of Bayer; such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or
costly than expected; revenues following the
transaction may be lower than expected; operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties
in maintaining relationships with employees,

The inside section was produced using 100%
recycled fibers – as guaranteed by the E.U.
Ecolabel certification (paper reg. no. FR / 011 / 003).

customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater
than expected following the announcement of
the transaction; the retention of certain key
employees at Monsanto; risks associated with
the disruption of management’s attention from
ongoing business operations due to the transaction; the conditions to the completion of the
transaction may not be satisfied, or the regulatory approvals required for the transaction may
not be obtained on the terms expected or on
the anticipated schedule; the parties’ ability to
meet expectations regarding the timing, completion and accounting and tax treatments of
the merger; the impact of the refinancing of the
loans taken out for the transaction, the impact
of indebtedness incurred by Bayer in connection with the transaction and the potential impact on the rating of indebtedness of Bayer;
the effects of the business combination of
Bayer and Monsanto, including the combined
company’s future financial condition, operat-

ing results, strategy and plans; other factors
detailed in Monsanto’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed with the SEC for the fiscal
year ended August 31, 2017 and Monsanto’s
other filings with the SEC, which are available
at http://www.sec.gov and on Monsanto’s
website at www.monsanto.com; and other
factors discussed in Bayer’s public reports
which are available on the Bayer website at
www.bayer.com. Bayer and Monsanto assume no obligation to update the information
in this communication, except as otherwise
required by law. Readers are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date.
Legal Notice
The product names designated with ™ are
brands of the Bayer Group or our distribution
partners and are registered trademarks in
many countries.

www.bayer.com

