UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION
DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL
FINANCIAL REPORT 2024

This Universal registration document is a copy of the official version of the Universal registration document and annual financial report which has been prepared in
XHTML format and is available on our website https://invest.bnpparibas
*Eventu ardore au referendum.

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS
GROUP
1.1
1.2
1.3
1.4

Group presentation
Key figures
History
Presentation of operating divisions and business
lines
1.5 BNP Paribas and its shareholders

2

3

4

5

3
4
5
6

33

2.1
2.2
2.3
2.4

Report on Corporate governance
Statutory Auditors’ report
The Executive Committee
Internal control

34
121
122
123

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS

141

3.1
3.2
3.3
3.4
3.5
3.6
3.7
3.8
3.9

142
145
154
158
162
168
168
170

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

7

8

171

187

4.1 Profit and loss account for the year ended 2024
4.2 Statement of net income and changes in assets
and liabilities recognised directly in equity
4.3 Balance sheet at 31 December 2024
4.4 Cash flow statement for the year ended 31
December 2024
4.5 Statement of changes in shareholders’ equity
between 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2024
4.6 Notes to the financial statements prepared in
accordance with IFRS as adopted by the
European Union
4.7 Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated
financial statements

190

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3

331

5.1 Annual risk survey
5.2 Capital management and capital adequacy
5.3 Risk management [Audited]
5.4 Credit risk
5.5 Securitisation in the banking book
5.6 Counterparty credit risk
5.7 Market risk
5.8 Liquidity risk
5.9 Operational risk
5.10 Insurance risks [Audited]
5.11 Environmental, social and governance risk
Appendix 1: Sovereign exposures
Appendix 2: Regulatory capital – Detail
Appendix 3: Countercyclical capital buffer and
G‑SIB buffer
Appendix 4: Capital requirements of significant
subsidiaries
Appendix 5: Environmental, social and
governance risk
Appendix 6: List of tables and figures
Appendix 7: Acronyms

335
360
396
405
486
500
514
533
552
559
563
606
609

191
192
193
194
196
323

614
617
621
629
632

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER
2024
6.1 BNP Paribas SA financial statements
Notes to the parent company financial
statements
6.2 BNP Paribas SA five‑year financial summary
6.3 Disclosures of investments of BNP Paribas SA in
2024 affecting at least 5% of share capital of
French companies
6.4 Non‑tax‑deductible expenses and charges
6.5 Statutory Auditors’ report on the financial
statements

8
20

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL
CONTROL

BNP Paribas consolidated results
Results by division/business line
Balance sheet
Profit and loss account
2024 CSR achievements
Recent events
Outlook
Financial structure
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) –
Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

6

9

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION
CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND
ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP
PARIBAS

635
636
638
673
674
674
675

681

7.1 Sustainability statements
7.2 Vigilance plan
7.3 Statement on modern slavery and human
trafficking
7.4 SASB and TCFD standards

682
878

GENERAL INFORMATION

909

8.1
8.2
8.3
8.4
8.5
8.6
8.7
8.8

Documents on display
Material contracts
Dependence on external parties
Significant changes
Investments
Information on locations and businesses in 2024
Founding documents and Articles of Association
Statutory auditors’ report on related party
agreements
8.9 Person responsible for auditing the financial
statements
8.10 Person responsible for the Universal registration
document

910
910
910
911
911
912
931

TABLES OF CONCORDANCE

941

Universal registration document
Annual financial report (including the Management
Report and the Report on Corporate governance)

942

899
904

936
938
939

945

2024 Universal registration
document and annual financial report

The English version of the Universal registration document was filed on 20 march 2025 with the AMF, as competent authority under regulation
(EU) 2017/1129, without prior approval pursuant to Article 9 of the said Regulation.
The Universal registration document may be used for the purposes of an offer to the public of securities or admission of securities to trading
on a regulated market if completed by a securities note and, if applicable, a summary and any amendments to the Universal registration document.
The whole is approvedb y the AMF in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

1

2

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

1

PRESENTATION OF THE
BNP PARIBAS GROUP

1.1

Group presentation

4

1.2

Key figures

5

Results
Market Capitalisation
Long‑term and short‑term ratings

5
5
5

1.3

History

6

1.4

Presentation of operating divisions and business lines

8

Corporate and Institutional Banking
Commercial, Personal Banking and Services
Investment & Protection Services (IPS)
Corporate centre

8
10
17
19

BNP Paribas and its shareholders

20

Share capital
Changes in share ownership
Listing information
Shareholder dashboard
Creating value for shareholders
Communication with shareholders
Shareholder Liaison Committee
Dividend
BNP Paribas registered shares
Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting
Disclosure thresholds

20
20
22
24
25
26
27
27
28
29
32

1.5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

3

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
Group presentation

1.1 Group presentation
With its integrated and diversified model, BNP Paribas is a leader in
banking and financial services in Europe. The Group leverages on
strong customer franchises and business lines with strong positions
in Europe and favourable positions internationally, strategically
aligned to better serve customers and long‑term partners.

➤ THE DIVERSIFIED MODEL FEEDS INDUSTRIAL

It operates in 64 countries and has almost 178,000 employees (1),
including nearly 144,000 in Europe. The Group’s activities are
diversified and integrated within a distinctive model combining
Commercial & Personal Banking activities in Europe and abroad,
Specialised Businesses (consumer credit, mobility and leasing
services, and new digital businesses), insurance, Private Banking and
asset management, and banking for large corporates and
institutionals.

Arval & Leasing Solutions

BNP Paribas’ organisation is based on three operating divisions:
Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB), Commercial, Personal
Banking & Services (CPBS) and Investment & Protection Services
(IPS). These divisions include the following businesses:

PLATFORMS AND PRODUCTION PLANTS…

PI & NDB

Global Banking;

■ Global Markets; and
■

10%
Personal Finance

■

■

Global Markets

€48.8bn

6%
Securities Services

26%

13%

Commercial &
Personal Banking
Eurozone

Global Banking

CPBS 1
52%

IPS
12%

CIB
36%

(1) Including 2/3 of Private Banking for the operating division
and the CPBS businesses

➤ ...AS WELL AS CUSTOMER FRANCHISE:

Commercial & Personal Banking in France (CPBF),

CROSS‑SELLING ACCOUNTED FOR 33% OF GROUP
REVENUES IN 2024

BNL banca commerciale (BNL bc), Commercial & Personal
Banking in Italy,

+7.3%

Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium (CPBB),

■

Commercial & Personal Banking in Luxembourg (CPBL);

15%

15%

Commercial & Personal Banking outside the Eurozone,
organised
around
Europe‑Mediterranean,
covering
Commercial & Personal Banking outside the Eurozone in
particular in Central and Eastern Europe, Türkiye and Africa;

31%

32%

33%

Specialised Businesses:
■

BNP Paribas Personal Finance,

■

Arval and BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions,
New Digital Businesses (in particular Nickel, Floa, Lyf) and
BNP Paribas Personal Investors.

■ Investment & Protection Services division, combines:

■

Revenues 2024

EuropeMediterranean

■

■

■

18%

6%

Commercial & Personal Banking in the Eurozone:
■

■

7%
Wealth Management,
AM & Real Estate

Securities Services.

■ Commercial, Personal Banking & Services division, covers:
■

Insurance

7%

■ Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB) division, combines:
■

4%

2%

Insurance (BNP Paribas Cardif);
Wealth and Asset Management: BNP Paribas Asset
Management, BNP Paribas Real Estate, the management of
the BNP Paribas Group’s portfolio of unlisted and listed
industrial and commercial investments (BNP Paribas
Principal
Investments)
and
BNP Paribas
Wealth
Management.

53%

53%

2023

2024

Corporates
Private banking & Individuals
Financial institutions

BNP Paribas SA is the parent company of the BNP Paribas Group.

(1) Workforce in FTE standard: corresponding to workforce (end of period) in full‑time equivalent, i.e. they are accounted for in proportion to their contractual working time; this
standard is also applied in chapter 1.4 of the presentation of divisions and business lines.

4

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
Key figures

1.2 Key figures

1

RESULTS

2024

2023 distributable(***)

2023 reported

2022
Restated according
to IFRS 17 and 9

Revenues (in millions of euros)

48,831

46,927

45,874

45,430

Gross operating income (in millions of euros)

18,638

17,347

14,918

15,566

Net income Group share (in millions of euros)

11,688

11,232

10,975

9,848

9.57

9.21

8.58

7.52

10.7%

10.2%(****)

Earnings per share (in euros)(*)
Return on tangible equity(**)
(*)
(**)

(***)

10.9%

11.0%

Based on net income Group share adjusted for interest on undated super subordinated notes deemed equivalent to preferred shares issued by BNP Paribas SA
and treated as a dividend for accounting purposes, based on the average number of shares outstanding during the year for 2024, 2023 reported and 2022.
Return on tangible equity is calculated by dividing net income attributable to equity holders (adjusted for interest on undated super subordinated notes issued by
BNP Paribas SA, treated as a dividend for accounting purposes and adjusted for the foreign exchange effect on redeemed undated super subordinated notes) by
average tangible permanent shareholders’ equity, not revalued, between the beginning of the year and the end of the year (shareholders’ equity attributable to
equity holders adjusted for changes in assets and liabilities recognised directly in equity, undated super subordinated notes, remuneration net of tax payable to
holders of undated super subordinated notes, the distribution project, intangible assets and goodwill).
Results serving as a basis for calculating the distribution in 2023 and reflecting the Group’s intrinsic performance post Bank of the West sale and post ramp‑up of
the Single Resolution Fund (SRF), excluding extraordinary items; net earnings per share calculated on the number of shares outstanding at the end of the period.

(****) 2022 return on tangible equity calculated on the basis of reported 2022 results, i.e. net income, Group share of EUR 10,196 million.

MARKET CAPITALISATION

Market capitalisation (in billions of euros)

31/12/2024

31/12/2023

31/12/2022

67.0

71.8

65.7

Source: Bloomberg.

LONG‑TERM AND SHORT‑TERM RATINGS
Long‑term and short‑term ratings
as at 20 March 2025

Long‑term and short‑term ratings
as at 22 March 2024

Outlook

Date of last review

Standard & Poor’s

A+/A‑1

A+/A‑1

Stable

24 April 2023

Fitch

AA-/F1+

AA-/F1+

Stable

16 October 2024

A1/Prime‑1

Aa3/Prime‑1

Stable

17 December 2024

AA (low)/R‑1 (middle)

AA (low)/R‑1 (middle)

Stable

20 June 2024

Moody’s
DBRS

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
History

1.3 History
1966: Creation of BNP

1998: Creation of Paribas

The merger of BNCI and CNEP to form BNP represented the largest
restructuring operation in the French banking sector since the end of
the Second World War.

On 12 May 1998, the merger between Compagnie Financière de
Paribas, Banque Paribas and Compagnie Bancaire was approved.

1968: Creation of Compagnie Financière de
Paris et des Pays‑Bas
1982: Nationalisation of BNP and Compagnie
Financière de Paris et des Pays‑Bas at
the time of the nationalisation of all
French banks
In the 1980s, deregulation of the banking sector and the growing
tendency of borrowers to raise funds directly on the financial market
transformed the banking business in France and worldwide.

1987: Privatisation of Compagnie Financière
de Paribas
With 3.8 million individual shareholders, Compagnie Financière de
Paribas had more shareholders than any other company in the
world. Compagnie Financière de Paribas owned 48% of the capital of
Compagnie Bancaire.

1993: Privatisation of BNP
BNP’s return to the private sector represented a new start. The
1990s were marked by a change in the level of profitability of the
Bank, which had the highest return on equity of any major French
institution in 1998. This period was marked by the launch of new
banking products and services, the development of activities on the
financial markets, expansion in France and at the international level,
and preparation for the advent of the euro.

6

1999: A momentous year for the Group
Following an unprecedented double tender offer and a stock market
battle waged over six months, BNP was in a position to carry out a
merger of equals with Paribas. For both groups, this was the most
important event since their privatisation. It gave rise to a new Group
with tremendous prospects. At a time of economic globalisation, the
merger created a leading player in the European banking sector.

2000: Creation of BNP Paribas
BNP and Paribas merged on 23 May 2000.
The new Group derived its strength from the two major financial and
banking lines from which it descends. It has two goals: to create
value for shareholders, clients and employees by building the bank
of the future, and to become a leading global player.

2006: Acquisition of BNL in Italy
BNP Paribas acquired BNL, Italy’s 6th-largest bank. This acquisition
transformed BNP Paribas, providing it with access to a second
Domestic Market in Europe. In both Italy and France, all of the
Group’s business lines can now develop their activities by leveraging
a nationwide banking network.

2009: Merger with the Fortis group
BNP Paribas took control of Fortis Bank and BGL (Banque Générale
du Luxembourg).

2012: Launch of Hello bank!

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
History

2024: Redeployment of capital from the
divestment of Bank of the West
with notably

2015: Acquisition of BGZ Polska
in Poland, which will become BNP Paribas Bank Polska

2018: Acquisition of Nickel
which offers banking solutions that are accessible to all, directly
online or at tobacconists, without conditions of resources

2020: Agreement with Deutsche Bank
for the takeover of its Prime Brokerage business

2023: Closing of the sale of Bank of the West
to BMO Financial Group

1

■ the acquisition of BCC Vita and the signing of a partnership with

Gruppo BCC Iccrea, allowing the insurance business to access a
new distribution network in Italy;
■ the acquisition of Neuflize Vie and the signing of a partnership

with Neuflize OBC, allowing the insurance business to develop
the Ultra High Net Worth Individuals distribution network in
France;
■ the signing of the acquisition project (1) of HSBC Wealth

Management activities in Germany to position the Wealth
Management business among the leaders in Germany;
■ the signing of the acquisition project (2) of AXA IM and the

partnership with AXA; with the combined contribution of
BNP Paribas’ asset management platforms, the newly formed
business would represent EUR 1,500 billion in asset under
management (3) and would become a leading European player
in the sector. More specifically, it would become a European
leader in the management of long‑term savings assets for
insurance as well as pension funds with close to EUR 850 billion
in assets under management (4), leveraging powerful platforms
of public and private assets. This acquisition would also enable
the newly formed business to benefit from the market position
and expertise of the team dedicated to the private assets of AXA
IM, factors for future growth with institutional and individual
customers.

(1) Subject to agreements with the relevant authorities.
(2) Subject to agreements with the relevant authorities.
(3) Based on assets as at 31.12.2023
(4) Based on assets as at 31.12.2023

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
Presentation of operating divisions and business lines

1.4 Presentation of operating divisions
and business lines
CORPORATE AND INSTITUTIONAL BANKING
With
just
over
40,000 people
in
52 countries,
Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB) serves two types of clients –
corporates and financial institutions (Banks, Insurance Companies,
Asset Managers, etc.) – offering them tailored solutions in Capital
Markets, Securities Services, Financing, Risk Management, Cash
Management and Financial Advice.
Acting as a bridge between corporate and institutional clients, CIB
aims to connect the financing needs of its corporate clients with the
investment needs of its institutional clientele.
In 2024, approximately 37% of BNP Paribas’ revenues from operating
divisions were generated by CIB. The division’s streamlined and
efficient structure is designed to meet the needs of BNP Paribas’
corporate and institutional clients. CIB is thus organised around
three main global business lines and three major regions:
Business lines:
■ Global Banking;
■ Global Markets;
■ Securities Services.

Regions:
■ EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa);
■ Americas;
■ APAC (Asia Pacific).

2024 awards
■ Euromoney Awards for Excellence 2024:
■

World’s Best Bank for Financial Inclusion;

■

World’s Best Bank for Securities Services;

■

Central and Eastern Europe’s (CEE) Best Bank for Financing;

■

Latin America’s Best Bank for Sustainable Finance;

■

Western Europe’s Best Bank for Financing;

■

France’s Best Bank for Corporates;

■

France’s Best Investment Bank;

■

India’s Best Bank for Corporate Responsibility;

■

Luxembourg’s Best Bank.

■ IFR Awards 2024 - IFR Special Reports:

8

■

Bond House – Investment‑Grade Corporate Bond House;

■

ESG Financing House;

■

EMEA Leveraged Finance House;

■

EMEA CLO House;

■

Foreign Exchange Derivatives House.

■ Environmental Finance Sustainable Debt Awards 2024:
■
■

■

Lead Manager of the Year, sustainability bonds – sovereign;
Lead Manager of the Year, sustainability
supranational, sub‑sovereign and agency (SSA);

bonds

–

Loan Sustainability Coordinator of the Year.

GLOBAL BANKING
The Global Banking business is structured around two axes. On the
one hand, the commercial support of around 4,400 large corporate
clients of BNP Paribas to meet their banking needs via all the
solutions offered by the BNP Paribas Group. On the other hand,
global product and service platforms, including:
1. Loan Financing Solutions (traditional loans and specialised
financing, including export financing and project financing,
acquisitions and leveraged finance, or securitisation in
conjunction with Global Markets);
2. Advisory on Mergers & Acquisitions (advisory mandates for
acquisitions or disposals, strategic financial advice,
privatisation advice, etc.);
3. Primary Activities on the bond and equity markets (IPOs,
capital increases, convertible and exchangeable bond issues,
etc.);
4. Transaction Banking Solutions (liquidity management, cash
management deposit collection, trade finance and supply chain
management as well as the associated foreign exchange risk
hedging services in collaboration with Global Markets).
Since February 2023, Global Banking, previously organised around
three independent regional platforms, has adopted a global
organisation, with the aim of ensuring better commercial and
operational coordination of teams and enabling better support for
clients on an international scale.
This set‑up supports the Group’s One Bank approach, offering clients
entering a corporate business centre, access to an international
Global Banking platform and ensuring they benefit from the
expertise of all the other Group business centres.
In EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa), Global Banking activities are
present in 29 countries. This set‑up reinforces the One Bank for
Corporates approach developed in close cooperation with the
Group’s Commercial & Personal Banking.
In Asia‑Pacific, Global Banking covers more than 1,100 Asian
companies and more than 900 multinational clients with a presence
in 12 territories.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
Presentation of operating divisions and business lines

In the Americas, Global Banking serves around 700 companies and
500 multinational clients in the United States, Canada and 6 Latin
American countries.

Awards 2024
Loan House of the Year;

■

Best Arranger of Western European Loans;

■

Best Arranger of French Loans;

■

Most Innovative Bank for ESG Lending.

Global Markets has continued to offer consistently excellent service
across its comprehensive product range, acting as a strong, reliable
European partner for global clients.

■ Mergermarket Awards:
■

2024 Awards

France Financial Adviser of the Year.

■ SRP Europe Awards – Best House, Autocalls; Best House,

2024 Rankings

Benelux; Best House, Eastern Europe; Best House, Italy; Best
Proprietary Index Provider; Best Issuer Italy; Best Issuer France;

■ #1 Global Banking platform in EMEA (1);

■ Energy Risk Awards – Sustainable finance house of the year;

■ #1 ex aequo in Transaction Banking EMEA (2);

■ Global Capital European Securitization Awards – ESG Bank of the

■ #4 in Transaction Banking globally (3);

Year;

■ #1 in DCM and Corporate Investment Grade DCM in EMEA (4);

■ FX Week e‑FX Awards – Best Liquidity Provider for Forwards/

■ #1 in Loans in EMEA (5);

Swaps; Best Liquidity Provider for Corporates;

■ #2 in HY bonds in EMEA (in vol.) (6);

■ Global Capital Derivatives Awards – Global Derivatives House of

■ #1 in Securitisation in EMEA (in vol.) (7);
■ #1 all ESG Bonds & Loans globally (8).

GLOBAL MARKETS
Global Markets (GM) serves a wide range of corporate and
institutional clients (institutions, private banks, distributors, etc.)
with investment, hedging, financing, research and market
intelligence products and services across all asset classes.
As an industry leader with significant market share on global
financial markets and regularly ranked as one of the leading
providers, GM offers a wide range of financial products and services
on the equity, interest rate, foreign exchange, local and credit
markets. With over 4,600 employees, GM has global coverage,
operating in over 30 markets worldwide including a number of
large‑scale business centres, in particular London, Paris, New York,
Hong Kong, Singapore and Tokyo.
The business comprises three global business lines, across two core
activities::
■ Fixed Income, Currencies & Commodities:
■

1

BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking is delivering on its
strategy to become the leading European markets house on the
world stage. Through both investment and organic growth, the Bank
has built a comprehensive markets offering across its business lines.

■ Global Capital Syndicated Loan Awards:
■

Global Markets also offers a long‑established foreign exchange
Prime Brokerage, and a leading global Derivatives Execution and
Clearing service, under the umbrella of its Technology Platforms
business.

Primary; Asset Financing and Securitisation; Repo Financing;
Secondary Credit; Rates, Options and Commodities; FX and
Local Markets.

the Year; Derivatives House of the Year - Europe, Asia; Equity
Derivatives House of the Year - Europe, Asia; Research and
Strategy House of the Year; FX Derivatives House of the Year Europe, Asia; Structured Products House of the Year; Thought
Leader in ESG;
■ Global Capital Bond Awards – Most Impressive Bank for

Corporate Bonds; Most Impressive Corporate Bond House in
Non‑core Currencies; Most Impressive Bank for Corporate
Capital Structure Advice; Most Impressive Bank for Corporate
Swaps and Other Derivatives; Most Impressive Bank for Senior
Unsecured Financial Institution Bonds; Most Impressive FIG
House in Euros; Most Impressive Bank for ESG Capital Markets
in CEEMEA;
■ The

Trade Awards - Leaders in Trading – Best Price
Improvement Capabilities;

■ Risk Awards – OTC Trading Platform of the Year.

2024 Rankings
■ Number 1 ranked EMEA DCM volume by book runner – FY

2024 (9);
■ Number 1 ranked EUR denominated DCM volume by book

runner – FY 2024 (10).

■ Equity & Prime Services:
■

Equity Derivatives; Cash Equities; Prime Services.

(1) Source: Coalition – 31/12/2024.
(2) Source: Coalition – 31/12/2024.
(3) Source: Coalition – 31/12/2024.
(4) Source: Dealogic – 31/12/2024.
(5) Source: Coalition – 31/12/2024.
(6) Source: Coalition – 31/12/2024.
(7) Source: Coalition – 31/12/2024.
(8) Source: Coalition – 31/12/2024.
(9) Dealogic Quarterly Rankings – DCM Full Year 2024.
(10) Dealogic Quarterly Rankings – DCM Full Year 2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

9

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
Presentation of operating divisions and business lines

SECURITIES SERVICES
Securities Services is one of the major global players in securities
services with EUR 13,249 billion in assets under custody and
EUR 2,763 billion in assets under administration. With a global reach
covering more than 90 markets, Securities Services’ custody network
is one of the most extensive in the industry.
In its Awards for Excellence 2024, leading financial sector publication
Euromoney has named BNP Paribas World’s Best Bank for Securities
Services. Euromoney notably acknowledged that beyond “a strong
period of new mandates and client expansion”, they awarded
Securities Services at BNP Paribas for its “commitment over the
much longer term”.
Securities Services offers solutions to all participants across the
investment cycle:
■ investment

banks, broker‑dealers, banks and market
infrastructures (sell‑side operators) are offered solutions in
Execution Services, Derivatives Clearing, local and global
Clearing, Settlement and Custody for all asset classes
worldwide. Outsourcing Solutions for middle and back‑office
activities are also provided;

■ institutional investors – asset managers, hedge funds, private

equity funds, real estate and sovereign wealth funds, insurance
companies, pension funds, fund distributors and promoters
(buy‑side operators) – enjoy a wide range of services: Global
Custody, Depositary Bank and Trustee Services, Transfer Agent
and Fund Distribution Support, Fund Administration and
Middle‑Office Outsourcing, Investment, Risk Assessment and
Performance Reporting;

■ issuers (originators, arrangers and corporates) have access to a

wide range of management services: Securitisation and
Structured Finance Services, Debt Agency Services;
■ market and financing services are offered to all market

participants: Securities Lending and Borrowing, foreign
exchange, Credit and Collateral Management, Triparty
Collateral Management, Trading Service and Financing.

2024 awards
■ World’s Best Bank for Securities Services (Euromoney Awards for

Excellence 2024);
■ European Custodian of the Year (Funds Europe Awards 2024);
■ European Custodian, Asia Pacific Custodian, Asia Pacific Fund

Administrator, Innovation in Custody (Asset Servicing Times
Industry Excellence Awards 2024);
■ Best provider as Rated by Global Custodians – Emerging Markets

(Global Custodian Leaders in Custody Awards 2024);
■ Best ESG Custodian (The Asset Triple A Sustainable Investing

Awards 2024);
■ Best Sub‑Custodian Bank in Western Europe (Global Finance’s
Best Sub‑custodian Bank Awards 2024);
■ Administrator of the Year – Debt/Loan (Private Equity Wire

European Credit Awards 2024).

COMMERCIAL, PERSONAL BANKING AND SERVICES
COMMERCIAL, PERSONAL BANKING & SERVICES
(CPBS)
Commercial, Personal Banking & Services includes the Group’s
Commercial & Personal Banking networks and certain specialised
businesses.
Employing more than 100,000 people, Commercial, Personal Banking
& Services generated 53% of the revenue of BNP Paribas’ operating
divisions in 2024 (61% for Commercial & Personal Banking and 39%
for Specialised Businesses).
Commercial, Personal Banking & Services includes BNP Paribas’
Commercial & Personal Banking:

The CPBS division also includes specialised business lines:
■ Arval: a key player in long‑term vehicle leasing and a specialist

in mobility solutions with nearly 1.8 million vehicles leased;
■ BNP Paribas

Leasing Solutions: a European leader in
professional equipment financing with average loan
outstandings of EUR 24.1bn at end 2024;

■ BNP Paribas Personal Finance: one of the major players in the

financing of individuals in Europe with nearly 40% of
outstandings dedicated to the automotive market;
■ BNP Paribas Personal Investors: a leading digital bank in

■ in the Eurozone countries including France (CPBF), Italy (BNL

bc), Belgium (CPBB operating under the BNP Paribas Fortis
brand) and Luxembourg (CPBL operating under the BGL
BNP Paribas brand);
■ in countries “outside the Eurozone”, and in particular in

Ukraine, Poland, Türkiye, Kosovo, Morocco and Algeria and
through an equity interest in China.

10

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Germany and an online broker in India (on 27 November 2024,
the Indian activities were sold at 100% to Mirae Group), with a
broad retail offering focused on savings and investment for
2.0 million clients in Germany, across three brands
(Consorsbank, DAB and Wealth Management Private Banking);

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
Presentation of operating divisions and business lines

■ Hello bank!, the Group’s main digital bank in France, Belgium

and Germany, had 3.7 million customers at the end of
December 2024. The Bank thus offers a full set of solutions
adapted to the needs of its various customer bases (individuals,
professionals, small businesses, corporates);
■ new Digital Business lines such as Nickel (alternative banking

services), which has opened over 4.3 million accounts in France
since its creation and continues to grow in Europe, with a
launch in Spain in 2021, Belgium and Portugal in 2022, and
Germany in 2023, Floa (one of the French leaders in Buy Now
Pay Later that joined the BNP Paribas Group in February 2022
and has around 4 million customers in Spain, Belgium, Italy,
Portugal and France), or Kantox, acquired in July 2023 jointly
with CIB Global Markets (leader in currency management
automation technology).
■ The Cash Management activities (No. 1 in Europe for large

corporate clients (1)), Trade Finance (No. 1 in Europe(1)) and
Factoring (No. 1 in Europe (2)), in synergy with the CIB division’s
Global Banking business complete the offer to the Commercial
& Personal Banking corporate clients around the One Bank for
Corporates approach.

■ The Wealth Management activity is developing its Private

Banking model within Commercial & Personal Banking. A
cross‑functional team, Partners in Action for Customer
Experience (PACE), aims to help Commercial & Personal Banking
activities offer a better customer experience.

1

CPBF also provides its customers with a full online relationship
capability, based on:

1

■ a website, mabanque.bnpparibas, a digital showcase for clients

which non‑clients can also access via the guest area,
■ and a new mobile app, “Mes Comptes”, featuring a simplified

digital experience and streamlined design for its 3.35 million
“mobile only” clients. New functions, such as the mobile
dashboard for managing savings, confirm the CPBF aim always
to serve its clients better in digital (4);,
■ Hello bank! passed the symbolic milestone of one million

clients in 2024 and confirmed its position as the No. 1 bank in
digital customer relations in France for the past five years. This
year 280,000 clients joined Hello bank! including 106,000
Orange Bank clients thanks to the reception and account
opening system specially created for them. Hello bank! also
launched its business offering for legal entities (i.e. entities with
a SIREN number assigned by INSEE) to meet the needs of
entrepreneurs more effectively. The Hello bank! website has
been completely redesigned to enhance user experience quality,
making navigation as intuitive as on the mobile app. Recent
adoption of generative AI is gradually boosting the relevance of
the HelloïZ chatbot’s responses;
■ 9 customer service centres located in the regions, handling

requests received by email, telephone, chat or secure
messaging;
■ for small business customers, a dedicated and unique system of

44 Entrepreneur Spaces bringing together 200 locations,
combining proximity and expertise;

COMMERCIAL & PERSONAL BANKING
IN FRANCE (CPBF)

■ for Private Banking customers, 59 Private Banking centres

With nearly 23,000 employees, Commercial & Personal Banking in
France (CPBF) supports its customers in all their projects. CPBF
offers innovative solutions in financing, payment, wealth & asset
management, and insurance to 7.3 million individual customers,
778,000 professionals and very small enterprises, 24,500 corporate
clients (SMEs, mid‑sized and large corporates) and more than
54,000 associations.
CPBF thus occupies leading positions in Private Banking and
Corporate Banking as well as strong positions in retail and
professional banking. Combining the best in digital and human
interaction, it provides its customers with broad interface
capabilities, ranging from essential banking services, through a
self‑care solution, to customised guidance using dedicated teams
and experts.
CPBF is structured around 10 regions covering 139 territories,
making it possible to provide all customer bases with the right level
of proximity whilst maintaining synergies between business lines.

located throughout France (for customers with more than
EUR 250,000 in financial assets) and 15 Wealth Management
offices (for customers with more than EUR 5 million in financial
assets), making BNP Paribas Private Bank the leading private
bank in France for Wealth Management (5);
■ for corporate clients, a sizeable organisation that brings

together multiple skills and dedicated teams:
■

■

All customer bases have dedicated areas appropriate to their needs:
■ for individual and professional customers: 1,545 branches and

6,199 ATMs operating under the BNP Paribas and BNP Paribas –
Banque de Bretagne brands (3);

■

39 business centres for SME, mid‑cap and key account
customers, including 6 specialised divisions (Innovation, Real
Estate, Images & Media, Green Desk, Non‑profit Organisations
& Social Impact, banking & Financial Services) and one skills
and advice centre dedicated to the social and environmental
transition, offer customised solutions that meet the specific
needs of clients,
unique Investment Banking capabilities for our SME/mid‑cap
customers with a team of advisory bankers and synergies
between the business lines and subsidiaries (M&A, Structured
Finance, Private Equity, stock market and wealth
optimisation),
25 trade centres and 6 trading rooms,

(1) Banking 2024 and Coalition Greenwich Voice of Client, 2024 European Large Corporate Cash Management and 2024 European Large Corporate Trade Finance studies.
(2) Internal study overview of our members in the world | FCI.
(3) At 31 December 2024.
(4) Source: Digital Monthly Monitoring – TDMC (Digital Transformation and Customer Marketing), BNP Paribas, December 2024.
(5) According to Euromoney 2024 ranking, and the Assets under management criterion.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

11

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
Presentation of operating divisions and business lines

■

■

a business support service (Client Service), a Cash Customer
Service (CCS) and specific customer support centres,
65 WAI hubs (1) supporting startups and innovative companies
and one dedicated innovation hub: WAI Paris, spaces for
acceleration and connection with the ecosystem. BNP Paribas,
through the hundred or so WAI bankers across France, now
supports over 4,000 companies, including 88% of Next40
companies, 84% of FT120 companies and 78% of the FrenchTech
2030 (2);

■ specialised

subsidiaries: BNP Paribas Factor, one of the
European leaders in factoring, which offers management
solutions for trade receivables and suppliers; BNP Paribas
Développement, a capital investment company and
Portzamparc that allows private customers and SMEs to invest
or obtain financing on the stock market; Copartis, a company
specialising in the outsourcing of banking products, and
Cofiloisirs, a major player in film and audiovisual financing
whose main activity is the structuring of production loans;

■ for customers in the French Overseas Departments and

Collectivities, four regional subsidiaries, several teams and an
economic interest group (GIE) in mainland France dedicated to
individual, professional, Private Banking and Corporate
customers (including two WAI divisions - Reunion/Antilles
Guyana – and two Green Desks – Reunion/Antilles Guyana);
■ lastly, 44 production and sales support branches, back offices

named “Best advisor network of the year (private and expert
bankers)” and “best digital Private Banking platform” by Citywire
France in 2024.

BNL BANCA COMMERCIALE
BNL bc is Italy’s 6th largest Commercial and Personal bank in terms
of total assets and 6th for customer loans (4).
With about 10,000 employees, BNL bc supports its customers widely.
It provides a comprehensive range of banking, financial and
insurance products and services to roughly 2.4 million individual
customers (5), 54,000 Private Banking clients (6), 110,000 small
businesses (7), 10,000 medium and large corporates (8) and 3,000
local authorities and non‑profit organisations (9). This range of
products and services are based on the Group’s expertise and its
integrated model by developing business line cooperation.
BNL bc has innovative and client‑tailored offer models, leveraging on
a multi‑channel distribution network, organised in 5 regions
(“direzioni territoriali”) and 1 transversal direct banking area,
integrating products and services for Retail Banking (including a
network of more than 700 life bankers and 300 financial advisors),
Private Banking and Corporate Banking. This organisation, named
Rete Unica, aims at extending and strengthening the cross‑selling
approach to the whole distribution network, which includes:
■ for

individuals and professional customers, around 570
branches, with Open BNL multi‑channel branches (50) serving
customers 24/7;

that handle all transaction and collection processing.
Three independent studies (3) conducted in the second half of 2024
confirm CPBF’s digital leadership on the BNP Paribas and Hello
bank! brands:
■ for SIA Partners and Julhiet Sterwen, the Mes Comptes app is

■ for Private Banking customers, 27 Private Banking centres

located throughout Italy;
■ for

Corporate
organisation:

ranked No. 1 among network bank applications;
■ for Deloitte, the Mes Comptes app stands out for its support for

■

clients through various contact methods accessible online;

■

■ for Deloitte, Hello bank! has confirmed its position as No. 1 for

digital customer relations in France for the fifth year running.
Furthermore, for Mindfintech, Mes Comptes was ranked as the No. 2
most innovative application in 2024 in the network banking market.
And according to the Advents iBank360 survey (January 2025),
BNP Paribas and Hello bank! were in the top three mobile banking
applications in 2024.
In 2024, BNP Paribas Private Banking was voted “Best private bank
in France” by Euromoney, The Financial Times (PWM The Banker),
World Finance, Global Finance and International Investor. It was also

■
■

clients

and

entrepreneurs,

a

diversified

34 corporate and small‑medium enterprises centres,
5 centres for
organisations,

local

authorities

and

public

sector

1 trade centre for clients’ cross‑border activities,
2 Italian desks to assist Italian companies abroad and
multinational companies with direct investments in Italy.

The distribution network is completed by:
■ 2 specialised networks: Large Corporate network with 7 centres

and Wealth Management network with 2 hubs;
■ a sizeable number of ATMs (1,400) as well as by a growing

range of cutting‑edge digital, on‑line and mobile banking
solutions.

(1) WAI: We Are Innovation.
(2) Source: WAI, December 2024.
(3) 2024 studies carried out by the consulting firms Juliet Sterwen, Sia Partners and Deloitte, which compare the applications of retail banks, online banks and fintechs on the
French market.
(4) Source: annual and periodic reports of BNL and its competitors.
(5) Source: internal customer data.
(6) Source: internal customer data.
(7) Source: internal customer data.
(8) Source: internal customer data.
(9) Source: internal customer data.

12

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
Presentation of operating divisions and business lines

As a result of this set‑up, BNL bc has a significant position in lending
to households, especially residential mortgages (market share of
6.3% (1)) and has a deposit base (3.5% (2))) above the market
penetration rate (3.1% (3) in terms of number of branches).
BNL bc is also well established in the corporate markets (4.2% (4)) of
loans market share) and local authority, with recognised expertise in
cash management, cross‑border payments, project finance,
structured finance and factoring, via its subsidiary Ifitalia (ranked
3rd in Italy (5)).

COMMERCIAL & PERSONAL BANKING
IN BELGIUM (CPBB)
BNP Paribas Fortis is the No. 1 bank for retail customers in terms of
market share (6) and has strong positions in the corporate and small
business sector in Belgium. BNP Paribas Fortis is also the leading
Private Bank in Belgium. BNP Paribas Fortis is also No. 1 in Belgium
for Corporate Banking (7) and offers a full range of financial services
to corporate clients, public sector entities and local authorities. On
the strength of its teams’ commitment, the Bank aims to finance the
specific needs of its customers, actively contribute to the
development of the Belgian economy, and support the sustainable
and energy transition, while affirming a deep commitment to society.
BNP Paribas Fortis has a commercial organisation organised in three
segments to better meet customer expectations:
■ Retail Banking, with 3.4 million active customers (8), serves

individual, independent and small business customers through
a multidisciplinary team;
■ Affluent & Private Banking with 0.36 million active customers,

serves individual customers with assets of more than
EUR 85,000 and independent customers and companies active
in the liberal professions through a dedicated relationship
manager. Private Banking services are aimed at individual
customers with invested assets of more than EUR 250,000. The
Wealth Management Department within Private Banking caters
to customers with invested assets of more than EUR 5 million;
■ Corporate Banking, with 87,000 active customers, serves

corporate clients with more complex needs through a dedicated
relationship manager (Enterprises for small and medium‑sized
enterprises, and Corporate Coverage for large companies and
public and institutional clients).
BNP Paribas Fortis serves customers through its various integrated
networks, as part of a hybrid banking strategy combining physical
networks and digital channels:

1

■ 275 branches (including 120 independent branches) organised

into four regions to serve individual, self‑employed and small
business customers. This set‑up is supplemented by 182
franchises under the Fintro (9) brand and 656 points of sale in
the bpost post office network;

1

■ 31 dedicated Private Banking centres, including one remote

centre and two Wealth Management centres;
■ teams dedicated to large companies and public companies and

institutional clients centralised in Brussels supplemented by a
network of 14 Business Centres across Belgium for
medium‑sized companies and dedicated relationship managers
present in the branch network for small companies within
Corporate Banking;
■ a digital platform completes the system with Banking services

via the internet (Easy Banking Web) and the Easy Banking App
application (3.25 million cumulative active users, including
Fintro). Easy Banking Business is the online banking platform
for companies and the self‑employed. PaxFamilia, a secure
platform with tools to support the management, monitoring and
transmission of assets, has 32,046 contracts. The digital offer is
supplemented by the Hello bank! digital bank which has more
than 557,000 active customers (10). These digital platforms are
enriched by active collaboration with fintechs such as TINK for
the development of an effective budget management tool;
■ a network of 266 ATMs (including Fintro) supplemented by

1,461 ATMs of Batopin, a joint venture of BNP Paribas Fortis,
KBC, ING and Belfius, each holding a 25% stake. Batopin is
installing neutral CASH points throughout Belgium in places
with high customer flows;
■ the bank is also available for customers thanks to the Easy

Banking Centre which handles up to 70,000 calls per week.
BNP Paribas Fortis continued its digital development and customer
experience improvement, in particular with the development of
remote Easy Banking services with new features and improved
performance. The customer service centre building on robotics and
artificial intelligence is fully deployed, allowing optimised processing
of an increasing number of questions from customers and
employees.
BNP Paribas Fortis received several awards for its quality of service
to its customers in 2024. The bank was voted “Best bank in Belgium”,
“Best investment bank in Belgium” and “Belgium’s best bank for
ESG” by Euromoney, “Bank of the year in Belgium” by The Banker,
and “Best private bank in Belgium” by Global Finance.

(1) Source: Bank of Italy, October 2024.
(2) Source: Bank of Italy, data as at 31/12/2024.
(3) Source: annual and periodic reports of BNL and its competitors.
(4) Source: Bank of Italy, data as at 31/12/2024.
(5) Source: Assifact, ranking by turnover.
(6) Source: Financial Market Data Monitor 2024 (Market survey on a representative sample of 2,000 households in December 2024).
(7) Source: Greenwich 2024, in terms of market penetration of strategic companies (medium and large).
(8) Excluding Fintro customers.
(9) In December 2024, Fintro, active in the bancassurance business, had 182 branches, 886 employees and EUR 15.395 billion in assets under management (excluding insurance
business) for 370,810 active clients.
(10) Including 7,128 active Hello Pro customers.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

13

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
Presentation of operating divisions and business lines

EUROPE‑MEDITERRANEAN

COMMERCIAL & PERSONAL BANKING
IN LUXEMBOURG (CPBL)
15.8% (1) market

With a
share of the Retail Banking market and
19% (2) of the SME market, BGL BNP Paribas is the No. 2 commercial
& personal bank in Luxembourg.
The three business lines, Luxembourg Retail Banking (LRB), Banque
des Entreprises in Luxembourg (BEL) and Private Banking in
Luxembourg (PBL), actively support the financing of the economy
and adapt their strategy and network to changes in customer
behaviour and new consumption patterns with a focus on
digitisation.
With the expertise of their employees, they support their customers
to bring their plan to fruition, with:
■ a Retail Banking network supporting more than 180,000

customers on a daily basis, based on:
■

■

■

28 branches throughout the country and 73 ATMs for
individual and corporate customers,
a comprehensive and diverse range of products and services
offered through an innovative multi‑channel presence,
encompassing a branch network as well as online, phone and
mobile banking,
teams of savings and investment specialists assisting
customers in the management of their portfolios, teams of
mortgage specialists advising customers on loans for their
acquisition and construction projects, as well as specialists
for professionals and liberal professions;

■ a corporate bank dedicated to a broad and diversified corporate

client base:
■

■

■

its system of 150 employees supports large companies and
SMEs, the public sector and institutional investors, real
estate professionals, social organisations and start‑ups, and
private equity funds,
each customer segment benefits from tailor‑made support,
with specialised asset managers for each segment and a
range of adapted solutions, including financing, trade, cash
management, interest rate or foreign exchange risk hedging,
and the escrow account, etc.,
support for corporate clients includes access to the
BNP Paribas Group’s specialised business lines as well as
privileged access to the BNP Paribas’ One Bank for
Corporates international network;

Within the CPBS division, Europe‑Mediterranean (EM) brings
together BNP Paribas’ commercial banking activities for individuals,
professionals and companies outside the Eurozone. EM offers a full
range of financial and extra‑financial services, leveraging
inter‑business cooperation and the Group’s approach to risk
diversification.
EM has been operating in 6 countries since 29 April 2023: Poland
(BNP Paribas Bank Polska), Ukraine (UKRSIBBANK), Türkiye
(TEB A.S.), Kosovo (TEB Sh.A), Morocco (BMCI) and Algeria
(BNP Paribas El Djazaïr), and has a minority stake in China (Bank of
Nanjing).
With more than 23,000 employees, EM supports its customers
through three main business lines:
■ Commercial & Personal Banking, which has a multi‑channel and

local network serving more than 16 million customers through
a network of over 1,250 branches;
■ Private Banking, which builds on the deployment of global

Wealth Management activities in conjunction with the Group’s
IPS division;
■ Corporate Banking, with a network of 42 business centres, 15

Trade Centres and 5 desks covering Multinationals.
This year, EM banks have reaffirmed their commitment, within their
respective regions, to enhance the experiences of both employees
and customers. For example, TEB was recognised by Global Finance
Magazine as the Best SME Banking Platform (3) in Türkiye for its
mobile banking platform dedicated to corporate clients, CEPTETEB
İŞTE. In addition, BNP Paribas El Djazaïr launched new innovative
services in its mobile application MyDigibank (4).
EM operates in dynamic markets with significant growth potential by
prioritising initiatives focused on social impact and ecological
transition. UKRSIBBANK won the Most Resilient Bank award from
FinAwards 2024 (5) for the second consecutive year. The bank also
signed charters to support veterans (6) and the restoration of energy
infrastructure (7) to contribute to reconstruction of the country. In
addition, BNP Paribas Bank Polska maintained its leading position in
ESG rating in the banking sector of Poland (8) BMCI granted the first
Inclusive and Sustainability Linked Financing (ISLF+) in the Moroccan
market (9) to support financial inclusion.

■ a private bank organised around 5 centres serving nearly 4,000

customers and offering
management solutions.

tailored

financial

and

wealth

(1) Source: TNS ILRES – Bank Survey December 2024.
(2) Source: TNS ILRES – SME Bank Survey 2024.
(3) World’s Best Digital Banks 2024—Round 1 | Global Finance Magazine.
(4) BNP Paribas El Djazaïr | MyDigiBank bascule.
(5) UKRSIBBANK has won 3 awards in the FinAwards 2024 – European Business Association.
(6) UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group has joined the Charter on Financial Inclusion and Reintegration of Veterans.
(7) Ukraine’s biggest banks sign memorandum on soft loans to rebuild energy infrastructure | Ukrainska Pravda.
(8) BNP Paribas Bank Polska SA ESG Risk Rating.
(9) https://boursenews.ma/article/marches/bmci‑financement‑inclusif‑durable‑islf

14

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
Presentation of operating divisions and business lines

Furthermore, EM banks aim to strengthen their positions as leading
employers in their respective markets, while reaffirming their
commitment to ensuring that the well‑being of their employees is a
key priority. For instance, BNP Paribas Bank Polska (1),
UKRSIBBANK (2), TEB (3) and BNP Paribas El Djazaïr (4) certified as Top
Employers in 2024.

BNP PARIBAS PERSONAL FINANCE
A major player in retail financing in Europe, BNP Paribas Personal
Finance operates in some twenty countries under its commercial
brands such as Cetelem, Findomestic, or Consors Finanz and has
nearly 17,000 employees for 22 million customers.
BNP Paribas Personal Finance has successfully completed its
strategic transformation project to drive growth and profitability
initiated in 2023, including a reorganisation of its operating model
and a refocusing of its activities in Europe in Europe and the United
Kingdom.
BNP Paribas Personal Finance is the financial partner of its clients’
day‑to‑day activities, giving them the means to carry out their
projects in home and personal equipment, home renovation,
mobility, telecommunications and supports them in their budget
management needs. BNP Paribas Personal Finance also offers its
trade, distribution and mobility partners, who are looking for a
financial partner, a wide range of services to promote, sell and
manage financing solutions.
The financing of clean mobility and home improvement are two
major pillars of the development strategy.
BNP Paribas Personal Finance is continuing to strengthen its
mobility business, in particular through international partnerships
with major manufacturers such as Stellantis and Jaguar Land Rover.
It aims for mobility to represent 50% of assets under management by
2025, including EUR 7.5 billion in sustainable assets.
The energy renovation of housing must improve the living conditions
and comfort of consumers while reducing their greenhouse gas
emissions. BNP Paribas Personal Finance aims to double its
production volume to reach EUR 5 billion in sustainable assets under
management by 2025.

1

To meet all these challenges, BNP Paribas Personal Finance is
pursuing a collaborative and structured innovation approach, in line
with new consumer requirements, by inventing value‑added
solutions for its customers and partners. The Company’s
restructuring includes a development plan and investments in
technology: artificial intelligence, data, robotisation and automation.

1

The continuous adaptation of processes, tools, services and products
to new challenges, combined with a customer satisfaction
programme developed across all international activities, aims to
offer the easiest and smoothest customer experience.

ARVAL
Arval is a major player in long‑term vehicle leasing and a specialist
in mobility solutions. As a specialised business within BNP Paribas’
Commercial, Personal Banking & Services division, Arval is positioned
at the heart of the Group’s integrated model. Arval offers its
corporate clients (from large multinationals to small and
medium‑sized enterprises), its partners, their employees, and
individuals customised services for their travel needs.
At the end of 2024, Arval had nearly 8,600 employees in the
29 countries where the Company operates, leasing nearly 1.8 million
vehicles to its 400,000 clients, who benefit from alternative mobility
solutions to individual cars such as car‑sharing, mobility cards, or
bike rentals. Arval is the No. 2 in the multi‑brand long‑term vehicle
leasing sector in Europe, ranking No. 2 in France, Spain, Italy, and
Belgium, No. 1 in Poland, and No. 3 in the Netherlands (Source: Frost
& Sullivan as of the end of December 2023).
Arval is the founding member of the Element‑Arval Global Alliance.
The fleets of all Alliance members represent more than 4.5 million
vehicles in 55 countries.
Arval’s CSR strategy was awarded the Platinum EcoVadis medal in
2025, placing it in the top 1% of evaluated companies.

BNP PARIBAS LEASING SOLUTIONS
BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions supports the development of its
customers and partners by offering them leasing and financing
solutions with services to preserve their working capital.

In 2023, the European Investment Bank participated in an issuance
by BNP Paribas Personal Finance of asset‑backed securities for a
total amount of EUR 450 million. Through this financial support,
BNP Paribas Personal Finance will finance EUR 627 million in
subsidised loans to French households over three years, to improve
the energy efficiency of housing.

At the heart of financing the real economy, BNP Paribas Leasing
Solutions provides corporate clients with the flexibility they need to
remain competitive and develop in a responsible and sustainable
manner in their markets (agriculture, construction, IT,
telecommunications, transportation, medical, real estate, food,
materials handling, mobility infrastructure, etc.).

BNP Paribas Personal Finance has set itself a target of
EUR 13.5 billion in sustainable assets under management by 2025 in
total.

With over 3,000 employees, the Company operates in 21 countries in
Europe, China, the United States and Canada.

(1) BNP Paribas Bank Polska S.A. | Top Employers Institute.
(2) UKRSIBBANK BNP Paribas Group | Top Employers Institute.
(3) Türk Ekonomi Bankası A.S. | Top Employers Institute.
(4) BNP Paribas El Djazaïr | Top Employers Institute.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

15

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
Presentation of operating divisions and business lines

BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions’ team of experts support:

NICKEL

■ equipment manufacturers and professional software publishers

With the acquisition of Nickel in 2017, BNP Paribas responded to
customers’ need to pay, and be paid, via a simple and handy service.
With over 11,500 tobacconists and Nickel Points in Europe, Nickel
has a strong position in its market as notably the leading distributor
of current accounts in France, and also in Portugal, and second in
Spain. Thanks to its digital model and a distribution method that is
present throughout the country, Nickel maintained a sustained rate
of customer acquisition throughout the year. Nickel had nearly
4.3 million accounts opened at 31 December 2024 in Europe. In
Europe, Nickel is growing rapidly in Spain, Belgium and Portugal and,
since September 2023, in Germany, always with the same model
combining digital with physical point of sale networks.

with comprehensive retail financing solutions aimed at
stimulating and supporting the sales of their distribution
networks and resellers;
■ distributors, dealers, resellers and integrators of professional

equipment with a wide range of leasing products and services
to meet the needs of their customers;
■ corporate clients, local authorities and professionals with

solutions to finance their investments.
BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions supports the environmental transition
of its partners and clients by financing sustainable equipment (for
example EV chargers, industrial electric vehicles, etc.).
In 2024, BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions advanced EUR 16.3 billion in
asset finance and presently manages a EUR 40.4 billion leased asset
portfolio.
In 2024, BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions was recognised as “European
Lessor of the Year” by Leasing Life, a magazine dedicated to leasing
in Europe. (Source: 21st Annual Leasing Life Conference & Awards
2024 – Arena International (arena‑international.com)).

BNP PARIBAS PERSONAL INVESTORS
BNP Paribas Personal Investors is a digital banking and investment
services specialist. It offers a broad range of banking, credit, savings
and short- to long‑term investment services to 2 million customers,
on mobile applications, online, by phone or face‑to‑face. It provides
decision‑making tools, advice and analyses.
BNP Paribas Personal Investors also provides services and its IT
platform to independent financial advisors, asset managers and
fintechs. Services include market access, transactions, account
management and custody services. BNP Paribas Personal Investors
today has ~1,200 employees (1): on 27 November 2024, the Indian
activities were sold at 100% to Mirae Group.

FLOA
Key player in payment facilities, Floa is developing innovative
payment facilities and financial services for consumers, merchants
and fintechs. By placing innovation and customer experience at the
centre of its strategy, Floa supports new consumption patterns and
business activity. Its unique technological expertise enables it to
guarantee simplified and secure payments for consumers and
traders, both online and in‑store.
Floa already has almost 4 million individual customers in Europe
and more than 15,000 e‑commerce partners and outlets (including
Cdiscount, Veepee Voyage, Samsung, Bricomarché, SFR, Iberia, etc.).
Floa employs nearly 500 people in France and Europe. Floa relies on
its fintech DNA and the Group’s financial strength to become a key
player in “Buy Now Pay Later” in Europe.
Floa was also voted Customer Service of the Year for 2024, for the
fourth consecutive year in the credit institution category and for the
second year in the payment solution category.

■ Covering Germany, BNP Paribas Personal Investors operates

under three brand names: Consorsbank for individual
customers, DAB BNP Paribas for B2B partners and BNP Paribas
Wealth Management Private Banking for wealthy individual
customers. Consorsbank is a full‑service direct bank and one of
the pioneers in digital banking in Germany looking back on
more than 30 years of business history. It was awarded best
online broker by finance magazine Focus‑Money in 2024 (2). DAB
BNP Paribas is a platform for financial portfolio managers and
service provider for fintechs. BNP Paribas Wealth Management
Private Banking offers banking services for customers with
investable assets above EUR 250,000. The unit was able to
exceed the threshold of EUR 10 billion in assets under
management for the first time in 2024.

(1) FTE excluding employees of integrated functions
(2) Focus‑Money 47/2024.

16

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
Presentation of operating divisions and business lines

1

INVESTMENT & PROTECTION SERVICES (IPS)
INVESTMENT & PROTECTION SERVICES (IPS)

BNP PARIBAS CARDIF

The Investment & Protection Services (IPS) division brings together
the Group’s activities dedicated to protection, savings, investment
and real estate services. It strives to design innovative and
sustainable products to support individuals, professionals, corporate
clients and institutions in their projects and in their desire to have a
positive impact:

As the world leader in creditor insurance (3), BNP Paribas Cardif
designs, develops, and markets savings and protection solutions to
insure individuals and their assets, enabling them to plan
confidently throughout their lives. Operating in 30 countries and
among the global leaders in bancassurance partnerships,
BNP Paribas Cardif is a major player in financing the economy.

■ BNP Paribas Cardif (more than 8,800 employees, operating in

It offers its more than 70 million insured clients (4) savings solutions
to build and grow capital and prepare for the future through
products tailored to individual needs and projects. It also offers
property insurance, health insurance, budget protection, income and
payment protection, protection against life’s uncertainties
(unemployment, accident, death), and private digital data protection
to meet evolving consumer needs.

30 countries, EUR 287 billion in assets under management)
designs, develops, and markets savings and protection solutions
with more than 500 distribution partners to insure individuals,
their projects, and their assets;
■ BNP Paribas Wealth Management (more than 6,700 employees

including commercial banks, 17 countries, EUR 462 billion in
assets under management) meets the wealth and financial
needs of wealthy individual customers, family offices and
entrepreneurs. BNP Paribas Wealth Management is the leading
private bank in the Eurozone (1);
■ BNP Paribas

Asset Management (nearly 2,100 employees,
34 countries, EUR 604 billion in assets under management)
offers investment solutions to individual savers, corporate
clients and institutional investors, with specific expertise: active
conviction‑based strategies, liquidity solutions, emerging
markets, multi‑asset investments, systematic investments,
quantitative & index‑based and private assets;

■ BNP Paribas

Real Estate (more than 4,000 employees,
24 countries, EUR 24 billion in assets under management)
supports its clients – institutional investors, owners, corporate
clients, local authorities, individuals, etc. – during all stages of
the property life cycle: Development, Transaction, Consulting,
Valuation, Investment Management and Property Management;

■ BNP Paribas Principal Investments is responsible for managing

BNP Paribas’ portfolio of unlisted and listed industrial and
commercial investments.
IPS employs nearly 18,800 people in 46 countries and holds strong
positions in the Group’s key growth regions. The division works
closely with CPBS to anticipate clients’ savings and investment
needs (offers, technologies, quality of the client experience, quality of
advice) and with CIB to co‑construct the best investment solutions
for institutional clients and large companies.

1

In total, more than 8,800 employees (5) worldwide contribute to
gross written premiums of EUR 36.4 billion in 2024. BNP Paribas
Cardif relies on a unique partnership approach based on a network
of more than 500 partners. This multi‑sector distribution network
includes financial institutions, credit organisations, car
manufacturers, retail chains, telecommunications operators, as well
as brokers and wealth management advisors.
The insurer supports its partners by developing the most suitable
insurance solutions for their needs and those of their clients:
products that are increasingly simple to understand, accessible, and
inclusive, thanks to smooth and multi‑channel customer journeys, as
well as integrated service ecosystems around various themes:
retirement, employability, housing, well‑being, old age, and
automotive services (warranties and maintenance contracts).
After acquiring BCC Vita, the insurance company of the Italian
banking group BCC Iccrea at the end of 2024, BNP Paribas Cardif has
pursued its external growth momentum with the acquisition of
Neuflize Vie in France, the subsidiary dedicated to life insurance of
Neuflize OBC. BNP Paribas Cardif also announced the signing of an
agreement to acquire AXA Investment Managers (6), with a closing
expected by mid‑2025. Resolutely focused on the future, BNP Paribas
Cardif also continued its transformation, leveraging in particular on
data and AI for an ever more simplified customer experience, and by
intensifying its partnerships with digital distribution platforms and
digital players.

In 2024, IPS announced various significant external growth
transactions. The most transforming project is the acquisition of AXA
IM (2).

(1) Investor communications, in terms of assets under management as published by the main banks in the Eurozone in 2024.
(2) Subject to agreements with the relevant authorities.
(3) Source: Finaccord 2024.
(4) Source: Internal client figures, change in computation methodology in 2024.
(5) Source: BNP Paribas Cardif, as of 31 December 2024.
(6) Subject to agreements with the relevant authorities.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

17

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
Presentation of operating divisions and business lines

True to its mission of making insurance more accessible, BNP Paribas
Cardif aims to have a positive impact on its partners, their clients, its
employees, and society in general. Concerned about its
environmental impact, BNP Paribas Cardif has committed to aligning
its portfolios with a carbon neutrality trajectory by 2050, reducing
the carbon intensity of its investment portfolios linked to electricity
producers, and has joined the Net‑Zero Asset Owner Alliance. As an
investor, it contributes to giving meaning to its policyholders’
investments and has set a goal of dedicating an average of EUR 1
billion per year by 2025 to positive impact investments, with
EUR 3 billion (1) invested in 2024.

BNP PARIBAS WEALTH MANAGEMENT
BNP Paribas Wealth Management is a leading global private bank
and the number one private bank in the Eurozone (2) with
EUR 462 billion in assets under management as of 12/31/2024 (3).
Present in 3 regions (Europe, Asia, and the Middle East) and
17 countries, it employs over 6,700 (4) staff and supports a clientele
of entrepreneurs, family offices, and high‑net‑worth individuals in
protecting, growing, and transferring their assets.
In Europe, the Private Bank develops by being linked to the
commercial banks of the BNP Paribas Group. Across all geographies,
particularly in Asia, it leverages both the Bank’s historical presence
and the Corporate & Institutional Banking businesses to meet the
most sophisticated needs of its entrepreneurial clients.
As a reference player in the industry due to its experience,
reputation, and expertise, BNP Paribas Wealth Management offers
its clients a wide range of products and services by mobilising its
extensive network of experts: financial experts, wealth engineers,
discretionary portfolio managers, financial analysts, private bankers
specialised in family shareholding, credit structuring experts, real
estate specialists, responsible investment experts, advisors in rural
land, art, philanthropy, etc., as well as privileged access to the entire
expertise of the BNP Paribas Group.
BNP Paribas Wealth Management stands out particularly for its
proximity to the “Entrepreneurs and Families” clientele, supporting
them in building, developing, and preserving their business and
personal wealth, leveraging all the Group’s capabilities.
For many years, sustainable investment and responsible innovation
have been at the heart of BNP Paribas Wealth Management’s
culture.

BNP Paribas Wealth Management was recognised in 2024 with
multiple awards, including:
■ Euromoney Private Banking Awards 2024: a total of 28

prestigious awards, of which Best Private Bank in the World for
Sustainable Development, Best Private Bank in Europe, Best
Digital Private Bank in Europe and Asia, Best Private Bank for
NextGen in Hong Kong;
■ Global Private Banking Awards 2024 by PWM‑The Banker: Best

Private Bank in Europe for Entrepreneurs, Best Private Bank in
France, Best Private Bank in Hong Kong;
■ PWM Wealth Tech Awards 2024: Best Private Bank for Vision,

Culture, and Use of Technology;
■ Global Private Banking Innovation Awards 2024 by Global

Private Banker: Vincent Lecomte, Chief Executive Officer of
BNP Paribas Wealth Management, was named Chief Executive
Officer of the Year.

BNP PARIBAS ASSET MANAGEMENT
BNP Paribas Asset Management (BNP Paribas AM) is the
BNP Paribas Group’s dedicated asset management business,
employing near 2,100 employees in 34 countries (5), with a
significant commercial presence in Europe and the Asia‑Pacific
region. Through the BNP Paribas integrated model, BNP Paribas AM
serves a large international client base and has close relationships
with the distribution networks within BNP Paribas’ commercial
banks. Ranked the 7th asset manager in Europe (6), BNP Paribas AM
manages assets totaling EUR 604 billion (7) and employs 558
investment professionals (8).
BNP Paribas AM offers investment solutions for individual investors
(through internal distributors – private banks and Commercial &
Personal Banking within BNP Paribas – and external distributors),
corporates and institutional investors (insurance companies, pension
funds, official institutions). BNP Paribas AM focuses its expertise on
five core capabilities - High Conviction Active Strategies, Emerging
Markets, Private Assets, Systematic, Quantitative & Index
investments, and Liquidity Solutions - with investment processes
incorporating quantitative, ESG (9) and fundamental research. These
capabilities can be combined into multi‑asset solutions aligned with
our clients’ goals.

Finally, in a constant effort to innovate, BNP Paribas Wealth
Management’s range of digital solutions continues to develop to
offer a personalised client experience. Thus, a new version of the
myWealth mobile application was co‑created with its clients and
launched in 2024.

(1) Source: BNP Paribas Cardif, as of 31 December 2024.
(2) Investor communications, in terms of assets under management as published by the main banks in the Eurozone in 2024.
(3) Source: BNP Paribas Wealth Management, as of 31 December 2024.
(4) Source: BNP Paribas Wealth Management, as of 31 December 2024.
(5) Source: BNP Paribas Asset Management, as of 31 December 2024.
(6) Source: Excluding the United Kingdom (European Union), IPE Top 500 Asset Managers 2024 ranking.
(7) Source: BNP Paribas Wealth Management, as of 31 December 2024.
(8) Source: BNP Paribas Wealth Management, as of 31 December 2024.
(9) ESG: Environmental, Social, Governance.

18

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
Presentation of operating divisions and business lines

BNP Paribas AM’s priority is to deliver long‑term sustainable returns
to its clients, based on an investment approach that integrates
sustainability. 90% (1) of assets under management of its
European‑based open‑ended funds, representing EUR 285 billion (2),
are classified under article 8 or article 9 of the European SFDR
regulation (3), which identifies funds according to their sustainability
potential. This positioning is also supported by its 170 (4) labelled
funds (5), representing EUR 135 billion (6) in assets.
Furthermore, BNP Paribas AM won multiple awards in 2024, among
which:
■ Best of the Best Awards 2024: Best ESG Manager award in Asia

(for the fifth consecutive year);
■ ESG Investing Awards 2024: Best Corporate Sustainability

Strategy, investment manager in Europe.

BNP PARIBAS REAL ESTATE
Thanks to its wide range of services and its more than
4,000 (7) employees, BNP Paribas Real Estate supports its clients at
all stages of the real estate lifecycle, from the design of a
construction project to its daily management, through its business
lines: Property Development, Advisory (Transaction, Consulting,
Valuation), REIM, and Property Management.
This multidisciplinary offering covers all asset classes, whether
offices, housing, warehouses, logistics platforms, retail, hotels,
serviced residences, land estates, etc.

■ a network of commercial alliances with partners in Austria,

Greece, Hungary, Jersey, Northern Ireland, Portugal, the Czech
Republic, Romania, Slovakia, Switzerland, and the United States.

Aware of its economic, social, and environmental responsibilities,
BNP Paribas Real Estate aims for sustainable real estate in all its
activities and pursues a policy of improving the environmental
qualities of the assets it builds, manages, and owns.
In a constant effort to improve its services, BNP Paribas Real Estate
has launched a data visualisation solution. Through an online
platform, clients can explore a 3D map of Europe, benefiting from
Google’s Photorealistic 3D Tiles technology, enriched with their own
real estate assets and public data. The power of the solution lies in
the cross‑referencing of data, which allows for a review of past
urban developments and anticipation of future changes at the
neighbourhood, city, or country level.
In 2024, BNP Paribas Real Estate received a dozen awards and
recognitions in Europe, including:
nd consecutive year;

■ HR: Top Employer Certification for the 2

■ ESG: Carbon Challenge Award (Trophées Défis RSE);
■ REIM: Best SCPI invested in offices for Accès Valeur Pierre

In commercial real estate, BNP Paribas Real Estate is present in
24 countries, with:

■ Property Development: a Silver Pyramid for the La Fabrique

where the Company is one of the leaders and where its main
markets are France, Germany, and the United Kingdom. It is
also present in Belgium, Spain, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the
Netherlands, Poland, and Portugal;
■ platforms in Hong Kong (SAR China), Dubai, and Singapore to

support local investors in their real estate strategies in Europe;

1

In Property Development, BNP Paribas Real Estate is mainly present
in the Ile‑de‑France region and several major regional cities such as
Bordeaux, Lyon, Marseille, and Nice. Internationally, the Property
Development activity is present in Germany, the United Kingdom,
and the Iberian Peninsula. All projects aim for environmental
certifications.

It is offered according to the needs of clients, whether they are
institutional investors, owners, corporate users (SMEs, large
companies), public entities, local authorities, or individuals.

■ direct operations in eleven European countries, a continent

1

(Magazine le Particulier) Grand Prix des TOP Fonds Immobiliers
2024 for “Pierre Impact” (media ToutSurMesFinances);
residential project in Courbevoie (Fédération des Promoteurs
d’IDF) – 364 housing units (ownership, intermediate, and
social), social student residence, retail, and school group for a
total of 34,300 m2;
■ Spain: “Iberian Property Awards”:
■

Top Marketing Initiative of the Year,

■

Top Research Report of the Year;

■ Germany: 5 Top Deal Awards.

CORPORATE CENTRE
PERSONAL FINANCE’S MORTGAGE BUSINESS
In the context of the Group’s 2014‑2016 business development plan, Personal Finance’s Mortgage Business, a significant portion of which is
managed in run‑off, was transferred to “Corporate Centre” as at 1 January 2014.Americas, Global Banking serves around 700 companies
andAmericas, Global Banking serves around 700 companies andAmericas, Global Banking serves around 700 companies andAmericas, Global
Banking serves around 700 companies and

(1) Source: BNP Paribas Asset Management, as of 31 December 2024.
(2) Source: BNP Paribas Wealth Management, as of 31 December 2024.
(3) SFDR: Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation. Article 8: promoting social and/or environmental characteristics. Article 9: having a sustainable investment objective.
(4) Source: BNP Paribas Wealth Management, as of 31 December 2024.
(5) BNP Paribas Asset Management has aligned its range of labelled funds with the new SRI label specifications. 90% of its labelled funds, in terms of AUM, have been maintained.
(6) Source: BNP Paribas Wealth Management, as of 31 December 2024.
(7) Source: BNP Paribas Real Estate, as of 31 December 2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

19

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
BNP Paribas and its shareholders

1.5 BNP Paribas and its shareholders
SHARE CAPITAL
At 31 December 2023, BNP Paribas SA’s share capital stood at
EUR 2,294,954,818 divided into 1,147,477,409 shares. Details of
historical changes in share capital are provided in chapter 6, note 6a
Transactions in share capital.
In 2024, the number of shares comprising the share capital was
affected by the cancellation of 16,666,738 shares following market
buybacks: thus, at 31 December 2024, the share capital of

BNP Paribas stood at EUR 2,261,621,342, divided into 1,130,810,671
shares with a par value of EUR 2 each.
The shares are all fully paid‑up and are held in registered or bearer
form at the choice of their holders, subject to compliance with the
relevant legal provisions. None of the Bank’s shares entitles their
holders to an increased dividend or double voting rights or limit the
exercise of voting rights.

CHANGES IN SHARE OWNERSHIP
➤ CHANGES IN THE BANK'S OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE OVER THE LAST TWO YEARS
31/12/2022

Dates
Number of
shares
Shareholders
SFPI (1)

(in millions)

% of share
capital

96.55 (2)

7.8%

31/12/2023

Number of
shares
% of voting
rights (in millions)

% of share
capital

7.8%

63.22 (3)

5.5%

(6)

31/12/2024

Number of
shares
% of voting
rights (in millions)

% of share
capital

% of voting
rights

5.5%

63.22 (4)

5.6%

5.6%

(7)

BlackRock Inc.

74.46

(5)

6.0%

6.0%

79.34

6.9%

6.9%

67.91

6.0%

6.0%

Amundi

74.00 (8)

6.0%

6.0%

61.33 (9)

5.4%

5.4%

55.95 (10)

5.0%

5.0%

12.87

1.0%

1.0%

12.87

1.1%

1.1%

12.87

1.1%

1.1%

Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Employees
■ of which Group FCPE

(11)

■ of which directly held

52.73

4.3%

4.3%

57.65

5.0%

5.0%

50.91

4.5%

4.5%

40.78

3.3%

3.3%

40.83

3.5%

3.5%

40.27

3.6%

3.6%

11.95

1.0% (*)

1.0% (*)

16.82

1.5% (*)

1.5% (*)

10.64

0.9% (*)

0.9% (*)
NS

Corporate officers

0.3

NS

NS

0.3

NS

NS

0.3

NS

Treasury shares (12)

1.4

0.1%

-

1.49

0.1%

-

1.53

0.1%

-

Individual shareholders (13)

68.6

5.6%

5.6%

66.52

5.8%

5.9%

79.89

7.1%

7.1%

Institutional investors (13)

853.42

69.2%

69.3%

804.76

70.2%

70.2%

798.52

70.6%

70.7%

■ European

464.59

37.7%

37.7%

431.87

37.7%

37.7%

421.77

37.3%

37.3%

■ Non‑European

388.83

31.5%

31.6%

372.89

32.5%

32.5%

376.76

33.3%

33.4%

1,234.33

100.0%

100.0%

1,147.48

100.0%

100.0%

1,130.81

100.0%

100.0%

TOTAL

(1) Société Fédérale de Participations et d’Investissement: a public‑interest limited company (société anonyme) acting on behalf of the Belgian State.
(2) According to the statement by SFPI, AMF Document No. 217C1156 dated 6 June 2017.
(3) According to the statement by SFPI dated 25 May 2023.
(4) According to the statement by SFPI dated 7 January 2025.
(5) According to the statement by BlackRock dated 13 September 2022.
(6) According to the statement by BlackRock dated 19 July 2023.
(7) According to the statement by BlackRock dated 1 November 2024.
(8) According to the statement by Amundi dated 16 November 2022.
(9) According to the statement by Amundi dated 19 May 2023.
(10) According to the statement by Amundi dated 5 December 2024.
(11) The voting rights of the FCPE (profit‑sharing scheme) are exercised, after the decision is taken by the Supervisory Board, by its Chairman.
(12) Excluding trading desks’ inventory positions.
(13) Based on analyses from the SRD 2 surveys – Institutional investors excluding BlackRock and Amundi.
(*) Of which 0.4% for the shares referred to in article L.225‑102 of the French Commercial Code to determine the threshold above which the appointment of a
director representing employee shareholders must be proposed.

The sum of the values indicated in the tables may differ slightly from the reported total due to rounding.

20

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
BNP Paribas and its shareholders

➤ BNP PARIBAS SHAREHOLDING STRUCTURE AT 31
DECEMBER 2024 (IN % OF VOTING RIGHTS)

5.6%
SFPI

7.1%
Individual shareholders

1.1%

■ on 4 December 2009 (AMF Disclosure No. 209C1459), SFPI

disclosed that it owned 10.8% of BNP Paribas’ share capital and
voting rights. This change resulted mainly from:

3.6%

Non-European
institutional
investors

6.0%
BlackRock

■

0.9%
Directly held
by employees

33.4%

SA/NV at end‑April 2010), giving Fortis SA/NV an option to buy
the 121,218,054 BNP Paribas shares issued as consideration for
SFPI’s transfer of its shares in Fortis Bank, with BNP Paribas
having a right of subrogation regarding the shares concerned;

Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg
Group FCPE

37.3%
European
institutional
investors

5.0%
Amundi

To the Company’s knowledge, there are no shareholders, other than
SFPI and BlackRock Inc., who held more than 5% of the share capital
or voting rights as at 31 December 2024.
The Société Fédérale de Participations et d’Investissement (SFPI)
became a shareholder of BNP Paribas on the occasion of the merger
with the Fortis group, which took place in 2009; during the same
year, it made two declarations of threshold crossing to the Autorité
des Marchés Financiers (AMF):
■ on 19 May 2009 (AMF Disclosure No. 209C0702), SFPI disclosed

that its interest in BNP Paribas’ capital and voting rights had
risen above the 5% and 10% disclosure thresholds following its
transfer of a 74.94% stake in Fortis Bank SA/NV in return for the
issue of 121,218,054 BNP Paribas shares, which at the time
represented 9.83% of BNP Paribas’ share capital and 11.59% of
its voting rights. The disclosure stated in particular that neither
the Belgian government nor SFPI were considering taking
control of BNP Paribas.
At the same time, BNP Paribas notified the AMF (AMF Disclosure
No. 209C0724) that an agreement had been reached between
the Belgian government, SFPI and Fortis SA/NV (renamed Ageas

1

■

1

BNP Paribas’ capital increase through the issuance of
ordinary shares in 2009,
the capital decrease by the Bank through the cancellation, on
26 November 2009, of preferred shares issued on 31 March
2009 to Société de Prise de Participation de l’État.

On 27 April 2013, the Belgian government announced the buy‑back
via SFPI of the purchase option that had been granted to Ageas.
On 6 June 2017 (AMF Disclosure No. 217C1156), SFPI disclosed that
it owned 7.74% of the share capital and voting rights of BNP Paribas;
this drop below the 10% capital and voting rights thresholds
resulted from the sale of shares on the market. Since that date, SFPI
has disclosed statutory threshold crossings without crossing legal
thresholds.
On 9 May 2017 (AMF Disclosure No. 217C0939), BlackRock Inc.
disclosed that its interest in BNP Paribas’ capital and voting rights
had risen, as at 8 May 2017 above the 5% disclosure thresholds. On
this date, BlackRock Inc. held 63,223,149 BNP Paribas shares on
behalf of its clients and the funds it manages.
On 18 June 2019 (AMF Disclosure No. 219C0988), BlackRock Inc.
stated that it held 62,764,366 BNP Paribas shares. Since that date,
BlackRock Inc. has disclosed statutory threshold crossings without
crossing legal thresholds.
On 6 January 2022 (AMF Disclosure No. 222C0046), Amundi, acting
on behalf of the funds it manages, disclosed that its interest in
BNP Paribas’ capital and voting rights had risen above the 5% legal
thresholds on 31 December 2021 and that it held 74,482,498
BNP Paribas shares.
On 9 December 2024 (AMF Disclosure No. 224C2592), Amundi, acting
on behalf of the funds it manages, disclosed that its interest in
BNP Paribas’ capital and voting rights had fallen below the 5% legal
thresholds on 4 December 2024 and that it held 55,951,643
BNP Paribas shares.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

21

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
BNP Paribas and its shareholders

LISTING INFORMATION
When the shareholders of BNP and Paribas approved the merger
between the two banks at the Shareholders’ Combined General
Meeting of 23 May 2000, BNP shares became BNP Paribas shares.
The Euroclear‑France code for BNP Paribas is the same as the
previous BNP code (13110). Since 30 June 2003, BNP Paribas shares
have been registered under ISIN code FR0000131104. To help
increase the number of shares held by individual shareholders,
BNP Paribas carried out a two‑for‑one share split on 20 February
2002, reducing the par value of the shares to EUR 2.
BNP shares were first listed on the Cash Settlement Market of the
Paris Stock Exchange on 18 October 1993, following privatisation,
before being transferred to the Monthly Settlement Market on
25 October of that year. When the monthly settlement system was
discontinued on 25 September 2000, BNP Paribas shares became
eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).
Since privatisation, a Level 1 144A ADR (American Depositary Receipt)
programme has been active in the United States, where
JP Morgan Chase is the depositary bank (two ADRs correspond to one
BNP Paribas share).

The ADRs have been traded on OTCQX International Premier since
14 July 2010 in order to provide better liquidity and visibility to US
investors.
BNP Paribas has been part of the CAC 40 index since 17 November
1993 and became part of the EURO STOXX 50 index on 1 November
1999. Since 18 September 2000, the Bank's shares have been
included in the STOXX EUROPE 600 index. BNP Paribas also joined
the DJ BANKS TITANS 30 Index, an index comprising the thirty largest
banks worldwide. It is also included in the EURO STOXX Banks and
STOXX Banks indices. Lastly, BNP Paribas shares are also included in
the main sustainable development benchmarks, including Euronext
Sustainable World 120, Europe 120, Euro 120 and France 20 indices,
FTSE4Good Index Series, and Stoxx Global ESG Leaders Index.
All of these elements foster liquidity and share price appreciation, as
the BNP Paribas share is necessarily a component of every portfolio
and fund that tracks the performance of these indexes.

➤ BNP PARIBAS SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE BETWEEN 31 DECEMBER 2009 AND 31 DECEMBER 2024
➤ Comparison over the long term with the EURO STOXX Banks and STOXX Banks indexes (rebased on share price)

Euros

STOXX BANKS
EUROSTOXX BANKS
BNP PARIBAS

80
70
60
50
40
30
20

31/12/09
30/04/10
31/08/10
31/12/10
30/04/11
31/08/11
31/12/11
30/04/12
31/08/12
31/12/12
30/04/13
31/08/13
31/12/13
30/04/14
31/08/14
31/12/14
30/04/15
31/08/15
31/12/15
30/04/16
31/08/16
31/12/16
30/04/17
31/08/17
31/12/07
30/04/18
31/08/18
31/12/18
30/04/19
31/08/19
31/12/19
30/04/20
31/08/20
31/12/20
30/04/21
31/08/21
31/12/21
30/04/22
31/08/22
31/12/22
30/04/23
31/08/23
31/12/23
30/04/24
31/08/24
31/12/24

10

Source: Bloomberg.
Over a fifteen‑year period, from 31 December 2009 to 31 December 2024, despite geopolitical, financial and health crises, the increase in the
BNP Paribas share price (+5.9%) was significantly higher than the performance of the Eurozone banks (EURO STOXX Banks: -33.6%) and
European banks (STOXX Banks: -4.1%), demonstrating the long‑term resilience of the diversified and integrated model.

22

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
BNP Paribas and its shareholders

1

➤ BNP PARIBAS MONTHLY AVERAGES AND HIGH AND LOW MONTHLY CLOSING PRICES SINCE JANUARY 2023
80

Highest

70

59.57

60

63.99

Lowest

1

Average
66.41

56.94

57.92 57.32 56.32 57.57 58.90

60.16

57.42 56.34

61.55 61.81

69.26
61.85

60.72

63.12

60.52

63.02 63.63

55.13

59.17 58.22

50
40
30

62.90
54.93

66.15
60.75

64.94
50.47

59.60
55.80

59.85
54.01

57.72
54.47

60.18
54.76

60.30
57.61

62.07
58.43

60.24
53.72

57.77
54.40

63.09
57.80

63.36
60.24

56.79
53.44

65.86
56.15

68.36
63.83

72.90
66.93

68.06
58.41

64.69
61.07

62.58
57.83

65.17
61.55

66.27
60.09

63.04
55.63

60.06
55.78

Feb. 23

March 23

Apr. 23

May 23

June 23

July 23

Aug. 23

Sept. 23

Oct. 23

Nov. 23

Dec. 23

Jan. 24

Feb. 24

March 24

Apr. 24

May 24

June 24

July 24

Aug. 24

Sept. 24

Oct. 24

Nov. 24

Dec. 24

10

Jan. 23

22

0

Source: Bloomberg.

th among CAC 40 stocks;
BNP Paribas’ free float also put the bank in 12th place on the Paris market index and in 21st place in the EURO STOXX 50 index.

■ At 31 December 2024, BNP Paribas’ market capitalisation was EUR 67.0 billion, ranking the Enterprise 12

■ Daily trading volume on Euronext Paris averaged 2,802,080 shares in 2024, down 14% from the previous year (3,257,629 shares per

trading session in 2023). Including the volumes traded on multilateral trading facilities (MTFs), daily trading volume in 2024 averaged
7,125,419 shares, down 5.8% (7,562,994 shares traded daily in 2023).

➤ TRADING VOLUME ON EURONEXT PARIS IN 2024 (DAILY AVERAGE)
In millions of euros
In thousands of shares
265.8

211.4
192.1

187.7

200.5
181.6
155.1
129.8

139.2

155.7

149.9

1,748

3,462

3,482

2,832

2,748

4,347

2,462

2,152

2,204

2,364

3,402

2,680

108.0

January

February

March

April

May

June

July

August

September

October

November

December

Source: Euronext.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

23

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
BNP Paribas and its shareholders

➤ TOTAL TRADING VOLUME ON EURONEXT PARIS AND MTFS IN 2024 (DAILY AVERAGE)
In millions of euros
In thousands of shares

706.7

583.8

546.8
473.8

456.7

464.4
412.2

374.7
308.0

353.9

344.4

4,247

8,284

9,004

7,135

8,429

11,426

5,935

5,090

5,464

5,562

7,848

7,080

262.5

January

February

March

April

May

June

July

August

September

October

November

December

Source: Bloomberg Composite EU Quote BNPP.

SHAREHOLDER DASHBOARD
In euros

2020

2021

2022

2023

2024

Net income attributable to the shareholders per share(1)

5.31

7.26

7.80

9.21

9.57

Net book value per share(2)

82.3

88.0

89.0

96.0

102.5

Net dividend per share

2.66 (3)

3.67 (5)

3.90 (6)

4.60 (7)

4.79 (8)

Cash pay‑out ratio (%)(9)

50.00 (4)

50.00 (5)

50.00 (6)

50.00 (7)

50.00 (8)

Highest(10)

54.22

62.55

68.07

67.02

73.08

Lowest(10)

24.51

39.71

40.67

47.02

53.08

Share price

Year‑end
CAC 40 index on 31 December

43.105

60.77

53.25

62.59

59.22

5,551.41

7,153.03

6,473.76

7,543.18

7,380.74

(1) Based on the average number of shares outstanding during the year. Calculated in 2023 on the basis of the distributable 2023 earnings and the number
of shares outstanding at year‑end.
(2) Before distribution. Revalued net book value based on the number of shares outstanding at year‑end.
(3) EUR 1.11 distributed following the approval of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 18 May 2021, plus EUR 1.55 distributed following the
approval of the Ordinary Annual General Meeting of 24 September 2021; taking into account only the distribution of the 2020 dividend.
(4) Taking into account only the distribution of the 2020 dividend.
(5) Taking into account only the distribution of the 2021 dividend and not taking into account the EUR 900 million share buyback programme, executed
between 1 November 2021 and 6 December 2021.
(6) Taking into account only the distribution of the 2022 dividend and not taking into account the EUR 962 million share buyback programme in respect of
the so‑called “ordinary” distribution.
(7) Taking into account only the distribution of the 2023 dividend and not taking into account the EUR 1.05 billion share buyback programme in respect of
the so‑called “ordinary” distribution.
(8) Subject to approval by the Annual General Meeting of 13 May 2025 and not taking into account the EUR 1.08 billion share buyback programme planned
for 2025.
(9) Cash dividend distribution recommended at the Annual General Meeting expressed as a percentage of distributable net income attributable to
shareholders.
(10) Recorded intra‑day during trading session.

24

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
BNP Paribas and its shareholders

1

CREATING VALUE FOR SHAREHOLDERS

1

TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN (TSR)
Calculation parameters

Calculation results

■ Dividends are reinvested in BNP shares then in BNP Paribas

The following table indicates, for various periods ending on
31 December 2024, the total return on a BNP share, then on a
BNP Paribas share, as well as the effective annual rate of return.

shares; 50% tax credit was included until this system was
abolished at the beginning of 2005.
■ Exercise of preferential subscription rights during the rights

issues of March 2006 and October 2009.
■ Returns stated are gross, i.e. before any tax payments or

brokerage fees.

Share price at the
investment date
Investment date

(in euros)

Number of shares at the
end of the calculation
period

Since privatisation of BNP

18/10/93

36.59

7.3351

11.8717

8.25%

30 years

03/01/95

37.20

6.5576

10.4393

8.13%

Since the creation of BNP Paribas

01/09/99

72.70

5.7552

4.6881

6.28%

25 years

03/01/00

92.00

5.7552

3.7046

5.38%

20 years

03/01/05

53.40

2.4170

2.6804

5.05%

16 years

02/01/09

30.50

2.0541

3.9883

9.03%

13 years

02/01/12

30.45

1.8251

3.5494

10.23%

10 years

02/01/15

49.43

1.6449

1.9707

7.02%

8 years

02/01/17

60.12

1.5268

1.5040

5.23%

Holding period

Initial investment
multiplied by

Effective annual rate of
return

6 years

02/01/19

38.73

1.3882

2.1227

13.37%

5 years

02/01/20

53.20

1.2921

1.4383

7.54%

4 years

04/01/21

43.86

1.2921

1.7446

14.96%

3 years

03/01/22

61.11

1.2311

1.1930

6.07%

2 years

02/01/23

53.91

1.1499

1.2632

12.41%

1 year

02/01/23

61.67

1.0751

1.0324

3.25%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

25

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
BNP Paribas and its shareholders

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
BNP Paribas endeavours to provide all shareholders with clear,
consistent, high‑quality information at regular intervals, in
accordance with best market practice and the recommendations of
stock market authorities.
The Investor Relations team informs institutional investors and
financial analysts about the Group’s strategy, major events
concerning the Group’s business and the Group’s quarterly results.
In 2025, the timetable is as follows (1):
■ 4 February 2025: publication of 2024 full‑year results;
■ 24 April 2025: publication of the first quarter 2025 results;
■ 24 July 2025: publication of the second quarter and first half

2025 results;
■ 28 October 2025: publication of the third quarter and the first

nine months 2025 results.
Informative briefings are organised several times a year for all
market participants, in particular when the annual and half‑year
results are released, or on specific topics, providing General
Management with an opportunity to present the BNP Paribas Group
and its strategy. Deep Dive meetings focused on presenting in detail
a Métier or an activity of the Group have been organised in 2024
regarding Insurance, Equity & Prime Services and Corporate and
Retail Payments. More specifically, an Investor Relations Officer is
responsible for liaising with managers of ethical and socially
responsible funds.
The Shareholder Relations team provides information and deals
with queries from the Bank’s 416,300 individual shareholders
(internal sources and SRD2 Survey at 31 December 2024). Twice a
year, shareholders receive a financial newsletter outlining the
Group’s main developments, and the minutes of the Annual General
Meeting are sent in early July. During the year, shareholders are
invited to meetings in various French cities where the Company’s
achievements and strategy are presented by Executive Management
(in 2024, for example, in Toulouse on 11 June and Lille on 8 October).
The members of the Cercle des actionnaires de BNP Paribas
(BNP Paribas Shareholders’ Club), set up in 1995, are the 46,500
shareholders holding at least 200 shares. They receive the financial
newsletters each half‑year and the minutes of the Annual General
Meeting. They also receive regular emails informing them of new
events offered by the Club, all of which can be found on the website
https://cercle‑actionnaires.bnpparibas/, which also features all the
available services. Each Club member has a personal and secure
access to manage his/her registrations and retrieve his/her
invitations.

In 2024, the Club offered nearly 300 face‑to‑face events (guided
tours, concerts, live shows, film screenings, tennis competitions,
workshops to raise awareness of climate issues, etc.), thematic
videoconferences (for example, cybersecurity, history) and podcasts
(interviews with art historians, etc.). In addition, the site’s Magazine
pages contain articles related to the programming and BNP Paribas
Group’s commitments.
A French toll‑free phone number, 0800 666 777, provides the BNP
Paribas share market price and allows members to leave a voice
message for the Club team. Messages can also be sent by email to
cercle.actionnaires@bnpparibas.com.
The BNP Paribas website (https://invest.bnpparibas/), available in
French and English, offers users access to all information on the
BNP Paribas Group (including press releases, key figures, coverage of
the main events, etc.). All documents such as integrated reports and
Reference documents or Universal registration documents, can also
be viewed and downloaded. The financial calendar gives the dates of
important forthcoming events, such as the Annual General Meeting,
results announcements and shareholder meetings. The website also
features the latest share performance data and comparisons with
major indexes, as well as a tool for calculating performance.
Reports and presentations relating to BNP Paribas’ business and
strategy aimed at all audiences (institutional investors, asset
managers and financial analysts) are also available. The “Individual
Shareholders” section shows information and features specifically
designed for individual investors, in particular, access to information
such as proposed events.
A section dedicated to social and environmental responsibility
describes the Bank’s goals, the policy followed and the main
achievements in this area.
In addition, there is a specific section dedicated to the Annual
General Meeting which includes information regarding attendance
at the meeting, ways to vote and practical matters, as well as a
presentation of the resolutions and the complete text of all speeches
made by corporate officers. Webcasts of the Annual General Meeting
can be viewed on the Bank’s website.
In response to the expectations of individual shareholders and
investors, and to meet strict regulatory transparency and disclosure
requirements, BNP Paribas regularly adds sections to its website and
improves existing sections with enhanced content and new
functions.

(1) Subject to change at a later date.

26

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
BNP Paribas and its shareholders

1

SHAREHOLDER LIAISON COMMITTEE
After its formation in 2000, BNP Paribas decided to create a
Shareholder Liaison Committee to help the Group improve
communications with its retail shareholders. At the Annual General
Meeting that approved the merger between BNP and Paribas, the
Chairman of BNP Paribas initiated the process of appointing
members to this committee, which was fully established in late
2000.
Chaired by Mr Jean Lemierre, it includes ten shareholders who are
both geographically and socio‑professionally representative of the
retail shareholder population, along with two employees or former
employees. Each member serves a three‑year term. When their
terms expire, announcements are published in the Group’s various
financial publications; any shareholder may apply.
At end 2024, the Liaison Committee was composed of:
■ Mr Jean Lemierre, Chairman;

1

■ Mr Jean‑Jacques Richard, residing in Toulon;
■ Mr Ugo Cuccagna, BNP Paribas employee;
■ Ms Mireille Loizeau, BNP Paribas employee.

In accordance with the provisions of the charter, to which all
participants have adhered and which serves as the Internal Rules,
the members of the committee met twice in 2024, on 27 March and
27 September.
The main topics of discussion in 2024 included:
■ BNP Paribas’ capital structure and changes therein, particularly

among “retail shareholders”;
■ the

draft 2023 Universal registration document, and
specifically, the chapters on “Shareholder Relations”,
“Corporate governance” and “Social and Environmental
Responsibility”;

■ Mr Jean‑Louis Busière, residing in the Moselle Department;

■ the integrated report;

■ Mr Michel Cassou, residing in the Tarn Department;

■ the quarterly, half‑yearly and annual results;

■ Mr Jean‑Marc Cornier, residing in Meudon;

■ the initiatives taken in preparation for the Annual General

Meeting, including its organisation;

■ Mr Patrick Cunin, residing in the Essonne Department;

■ proposals for resolutions at the AGM;

■ Ms Catherine Drolc, residing in Montpellier;

■ the presentation of the economic outlook and environment;

■ Ms Anne Doris Dupuy, residing in the Gironde Department;

■ the geopolitical situation;

■ Mr Jean‑Marie Lapoirie, residing in the Rhône Department;
■ Mr Jacques Martin, residing in the Alpes‑Maritimes Department;
■ Ms Françoise Rey, residing in Paris;

■ the presentation of Asset Management activities, and more

specifically its Socially Responsible Investment component;
■ the activities and challenges of the Group’s IT teams, in

particular issues related to the challenges of digitalisation and
cyber security.

DIVIDEND
At the Annual General Meeting of 13 May 2025, the Board of
directors will propose a dividend of EUR 4.79 per share (up by 4.1%
compared to EUR 4.60 distributed in 2024). The ex‑dividend date and
the payment of the coupon would then take place on 19 May and
21 May 2025 respectively in the event of a positive vote by the AGM.
The total amount of the proposed cash distribution amounts to
EUR 5,411 million, compared to a total of EUR 5,198 million in cash
distributed in 2024.

Additionally, on 3 February 2025, BNP Paribas’ Board of directors,
chaired by Jean Lemierre, approved the principle of a semi‑annual
interim dividend starting in the 2025 financial year, which would be
paid out in late September. Each interim dividend would amount to
50% of the net earnings per share of the first half‑year, in accordance
with BNP Paribas’ cash payout distribution policy.
The first interim dividend related to the 2025 financial statements
would be paid on 30 September 2025 and calculated on the basis of
50% of the net earnings per share of the first half of 2025.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

27

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
BNP Paribas and its shareholders

➤ CHANGE IN DIVIDEND (in euros per share)
4.60

3.67
3.02

4.79**

3.90

3.02

2.70

2.66

2.31

2.10
1.50

1.50

1.50

1.50

1.20

0.00*
2009
(*)

(**)

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

2024

Following ECB/2020/19 recommendation of the European Central Bank of 27 March 2020 on dividend distribution policies during the Covid‑19 pandemic, the
amounts corresponding to the dividend distribution initially proposed to the Annual General Meeting of 19 May 2020, of EUR 3.10 per share, were appropriated to
the “Other reserves” item.
Subject to approval at the Annual General Meeting of 13 May 2025.

Limitation period for dividends: any dividend unclaimed five years after its due date is forfeited, as provided by law. Dividends for which
payment has not been sought are paid to the Public Treasury.

BNP PARIBAS REGISTERED SHARES
At 31 December 2024, 22,326 shareholders held BNP Paribas
registered shares.

REGISTERED SHARES HELD DIRECTLY WITH
BNP PARIBAS
Shareholders who hold registered shares directly with BNP Paribas:
■ automatically receive all documents regarding the Bank that

are sent to shareholders;
■ can call a French toll‑free phone number: 0800 007 535 to

place buy and sell orders (1) and to obtain any information;

■ benefit from preferential brokerage rates;
■ have

access
to
“Uptevia
Investors”
(https://
www.investors.uptevia.com), a fully secure dedicated website,
allowing them to view their BNP Paribas registered share
accounts and account movements, as well as place and track
orders(1); this website is also available on tablets and
smartphones;

■ are automatically invited to Annual General Meetings without

Registered shares held directly with BNP Paribas cannot be
registered in a PEA (Share Savings Plan), given the regulations and
procedures applicable to this vehicle. Investors whose shares are
held in a PEA and who want to hold them in “registered” form can
opt to hold them in an administered account (see below).

REGISTERED SHARES HELD IN AN
ADMINISTERED ACCOUNT
BNP Paribas is also extending its administered share account
services to institutional shareholders. For institutional shareholders,
this type of account combines the main benefits of holding shares in
bearer form with those of holding registered shares directly with
BNP Paribas:
■ shares can be traded at any time, through the shareholder’s

usual broker;
■ the shareholder can have a single share account, combined

with a cash account;
■ the shareholder is automatically invited to attend and vote at

Annual General Meetings, without the invitation being sent
through a third party;

the need for an ownership certificate;
■ may receive notice of Annual General Meetings online;
■ pay no custody fees.

■ shareholders may receive notice of meetings and vote at Annual

(1) Subject to prior signature of a “brokerage services agreement” (free of charge).

28

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

General Meetings online.

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
BNP Paribas and its shareholders

1

SHAREHOLDERS’ ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The procedures for BNP Paribas’ Annual General Meetings are
defined in article 18 of the Bank’s Articles of association.

The Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting may be called in a
single notice of meeting and held on the same date.

The Board of directors calls an Ordinary General Meeting at least
once a year to vote on the agenda set by the Board.

The Bank’s last Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting took place
on 14 May 2024 on first notice. The text of the resolutions and the
video of the meeting can be viewed on the BNP Paribas website,
where the original live webcast was shown. The composition of the
quorum and the results of the votes cast on resolutions were posted
online the day after the meeting. A specific letter to shareholders
included the minutes of this meeting.

The Board may call Extraordinary General Meeting for the purpose
of amending the Articles of association, and especially to increase
the Bank’s share capital. Resolutions are adopted by a two‑third
majority of shareholders present or represented.

1

The quorum broke down as follows:

➤ BREAKDOWN OF QUORUM
Number of shareholders

(%)

Shares

(%)

Present

952

4.96%

615,244

0.08%

Appointment of proxy

636

3.31%

161,760

0.02%

Proxy given to Chairman

7,882

41.03%

15,990,100

1.95%

Postal votes

9,742

50.71%

801,510,188

97.95%

TOTAL

19,212

100.00%

818,277,292

100.00%

of which online

17,283

89.96%

685,958,335

83.83%

Quorum
Number of ordinary shares (excluding treasury stock)

1,129,261,693

72.46%

Of the 17,283 shareholders who took part in our last Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting online:
■ 538 had requested an admission card;
■ 6,992 had given the Chairman a proxy;
■ 599 had given a proxy to a third party (who legally must also be a shareholder);
■ 9,154 had voted by post.

All resolutions proposed to the shareholders were approved.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

29

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
BNP Paribas and its shareholders

➤ SHAREHOLDERS’ COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF 14 MAY 2024
Results of the votes

Rate of approval

ORDINARY MEETING
First resolution: approval of the parent company financial statements for 2023

99.66%

Second resolution: approval of the consolidated financial statements for 2023

99.70%

Third resolution: appropriation of net income for the 2023 financial year and distribution of dividends

99.95%

Fourth resolution: Statutory Auditor's special report on agreements and commitments referred to in articles L.225‑38 et seq. of
the French Commercial Code

99.79%

Fifth resolution: authorisation for BNP Paribas to buy back its own shares

98.63%

Sixth resolution: reappointment of a Statutory Auditor with the mandate of certifying accounts and of certifying sustainability
information (Deloitte & Associés)

92.17%

Seventh resolution: non‑reappointment of two Statutory Auditors (PriceWaterHouseCoopers Audit and Mazars) and three
Alternate Auditors (BEAS, Mr. Jean‑Baptiste Deschryver and Mr Charles de Boisriou), and appointment of a Statutory Auditor with
the mandate of certifying accounts and of certifying sustainability information (Ernst & Young et Autres)

98.65%

Eighth resolution: reappointment of a Director (Mr. Christian Noyer)

98.49%

Ninth resolution: ratification of the co‑option of a Director and renewal of her mandate (Ms. Marie‑Christine Lombard)

99.16%

Tenth resolution: appointment of a Director (Ms. Annemarie Straathof)

99.85%

The eleventh resolution and resolutions A to C aim to appoint a director representing employee shareholders and his/her
replacement.
As only one director’s seat is to be filled, only the candidate who obtains the most votes from shareholders that voted and at
least the majority of those votes will be appointed
Eleventh resolution: reappointment of a Director representing employee shareholders (Ms. Juliette Brisac) and of her
replacement (Mr. Axel Joly)

99.06%

Resolution A not approved by the Board of directors: appointment of a Director representing employee shareholders (Ms. Isabelle
Coron) and of her replacement (Mr. François Buisson)

2.20%

Resolution B not approved by the Board of directors: appointment of a Director representing employee shareholders (Mr. Thierry
Schwob) and of his replacement (Mr. François Labrot)

2.19%

Resolution C not approved by the Board of directors: appointment of a Director representing employee shareholders
(Mr. Frédéric Mayrand) and of his replacement (Ms. Catherine Magnier)

2.19%

Ms. Juliette Brisac is therefore appointed Director representing employee shareholders,
with Mr. Axel Joly as her replacement

30

Twelfth resolution: vote on the components of the compensation policy attributable to directors

99.26%

Thirteenth resolution: vote on the components of the compensation policy attributable to the Chairman of the Board of directors

96.82%

Fourteenth resolution: Vote on the components of the compensation policy attributable to the Chief Executive Officer

91.00%

Fifteenth resolution: vote on the components of the compensation policy attributable to the Chief Operating Officers

88.53%

Sixteenth resolution: vote on disclosures relating to compensation paid in 2023 or awarded in respect of the same year to all
directors and corporate officers

95.68%

Seventeenth resolution: vote on the components of the compensation paid or granted in respect of 2023 to Mr. Jean Lemierre,
Chairman of the Board of directors

96.10%

Eighteenth resolution: vote on the components of the compensation paid or granted in respect of 2023 to Mr. Jean‑Laurent
Bonnafé, Chief Executive Officer

91.25%

Nineteenth resolution: vote on the components of the compensation paid or granted in respect of 2023 to Mr. Yann Gérardin,
Chief Operating Officer

92.86%

Twentieth resolution: vote on the components of remuneration paid or granted in 2023 to Mr. Thierry Laborde, Chief Operating
Officer

92.86%

Twenty‑first resolution: determination of the global annual amount of Directors’ fees

98.25%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
BNP Paribas and its shareholders

1

Rate of approval

Results of the votes
Twenty‑second resolution: advisory vote on the overall amount of compensation of any kind paid during 2023 to Executive
Officers and certain categories of staff

99.78%

Twenty‑third resolution: setting the upper limit of the variable portion of remuneration payable to Executive Officers and certain
categories of personnel

99.56%

1

EXTRAORDINARY MEETING
Twenty‑fourth resolution: Delegation of authority to the Board of directors to increase the share capital, maintaining preferential
subscription rights for existing shareholders, through the issue of ordinary shares and securities granting immediate or future
access to new shares

94.79%

Twenty‑fifth resolution: Delegation of authority to the Board of directors to increase the share capital, with the removal of
preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders, through the issue of ordinary shares and securities granting
immediate or future access to new shares

92.33%

Twenty‑sixth resolution: Delegation of authority to the Board of directors to increase the share capital, without preferential
subscription rights for existing shareholders, through the issue of ordinary shares and securities granting immediate or future
access to new shares issued in consideration of securities tendered, within the limit of 10% of the share capital

94.79%

Twenty‑seventh resolution: Overall limit on authorisations to issue shares with the removal of, or without, preferential
subscription rights for existing shareholders

99.42%

Twenty‑eighth resolution: Delegation of authority to the Board of directors to increase the share capital by capitalisation of
reserves or earnings, share premiums or additional paid‑in capital

99.70%

Twenty‑ninth resolution: Overall limit on authorisations to issue shares with, without, or with the removal of, preferential
subscription rights for existing shareholders

94.49%

Thirtieth resolution: Delegation of authority to the Board of directors to conduct transactions reserved for the members of the
BNP Paribas Group Company Savings Plan, with the removal of preferential subscription rights, which may take the form of
capital increases and/or reserved sales of securities

99.70%

Thirty‑first resolution: Delegation of authority to the Board of directors to increase the share capital, without preferential
subscription rights, by issuing super‑subordinated contingent convertible bonds, that would only be converted into ordinary
shares, within the limit of 10% of the share capital, if the CET1 ratio becomes equal to or lower than 5.125%

96.59%

Thirty‑second resolution: Authorisation for the Board of Directors to reduce the share capital by cancelling shares

99.77%

Thirty‑third resolution: powers for formalities

99.98%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

31

1

PRESENTATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
BNP Paribas and its shareholders

NOTICES OF MEETINGS

ATTENDANCE AT MEETINGS

BNP Paribas will hold its next Shareholders’ Combined General
Meeting on 13 May 2025 (1).

Holders of shares may gain admittance to a General Meeting
provided these shares are recorded in their accounts two trading
days before the Meeting (2). Holders of bearer shares must also
present an entry card or certificate proving their ownership of the
shares.

The meeting notices and invitations are available on the
“invest.bnpparibas.com” website in French and English from the
time of their publication in the French Bulletin of Compulsory Legal
Announcements (Balo). Staff at all BNP Paribas branches are
specifically trained to provide the necessary assistance and carry out
the required formalities.
Holders of registered shares are automatically notified, regardless of
the number of shares held, with a complete notice of meeting
containing in particular the agenda, the draft resolutions and a
voting form. A significant and fast‑growing proportion (21.0% for the
AGM of 14 May 2024, compared to 20.4% for the AGM of 2023) of
notices of meeting to registered shareholders were sent via the
internet after the shareholders concerned had given their prior
agreement to this information procedure.
BNP Paribas informs holders of bearer shares via the internet
regardless of the number of shares held, subject to their custodians
being part of the Votaccess market system. Shareholders notified of
the Annual General Meeting may take part quickly and easily. The
Bank also provides custodians with notices of meetings and printed
postal voting forms, which can then be sent to those shareholders
who request them.

VOTING
Using the Votaccess internet voting platform gives shareholders
access to the notice of the Annual General Meeting. They can then
either vote or appoint a proxy, or print their admission card if they
wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person.
Around 90% of the shareholders who took part in the vote in
May 2024 used the platform set up.
Shareholders not using the online platform return the printed form
enclosed with the notice of meeting to BNP Paribas. Before the
Annual General Meeting, this document may be used to:
■ request an admission card;
■ vote by post;
■ give proxy to another individual or legal entity; or
■ give proxy to the Chairman of the meeting.

DISCLOSURE THRESHOLDS
In addition to the legal thresholds, and in accordance with
article 5 of the Articles of association, any shareholder, whether
acting alone or in concert, who owns or may hold directly or
indirectly at least 0.5% of the capital or voting rights of BNP Paribas,
or any multiple of that percentage up to 5%, is required to notify
BNP Paribas by registered letter with return receipt.
Once the 5% threshold is reached, shareholders are required to
disclose any increase in their interest representing a multiple of 1%
of the share capital or voting rights of BNP Paribas.

The disclosures described in the previous two paragraphs shall also
apply when the shareholding falls below the above‑mentioned
thresholds.
In the case of failure to comply with these disclosure requirements,
either legal or statutory, the undisclosed shares will be stripped of
voting rights at the request of one or more shareholders who hold a
combined interest of at least 2% of the share capital or voting rights
of BNP Paribas.

(1) Subject to change at a later date.
(2) or any other day as provided for by the regulation applicable to the present General Meeting, and of which shareholders would be informed through the page dedicated to the
General Meeting on the BNP Paribas website “invest.bnpparibas.com”

32

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL
CONTROL

2.1

Report on Corporate governance
2.1.1

2.1.2

2.1.3
2.1.4

Presentation of the directors, other corporate officers and
non‑voting director
Schedule of the terms of the directorships of company directors
Other corporate officers
Non‑voting director
BNP Paribas Corporate governance
Internal Rules of the Board of directors
Guidelines on the assessment of the suitability of Members of the
management body and Key function holders
Description of the implementation procedure for conflicts of interest
in relation to loans and other transactions granted to the members
of the management body and their related parties
Compensation and benefits awarded to the Group’s directors and
corporate officers
Other information

34
35
49
50
51
52
70
79
86
87
115

2.2

Statutory Auditors’ report

121

2.3

The Executive Committee

122

2.4

Internal control

123

Internal control procedures relating to the preparation and
processing of financial information

134

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

33

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2.1 Report on Corporate governance
This Corporate governance report was prepared by the Board of directors in accordance with the last paragraph of article L.225‑37 of the French
Commercial Code.
The information contained herein notably takes into account annex 1 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019,
AMF Recommendation No. 2012‑02 (1) amended on 28 July 2023, the 2024 AMF (2) report and the November 2024 Annual Report of the High
Committee for Corporate governance (Haut Comité de Gouvernement d’Entreprise – HCGE).

(1) AMF recommendation No. 2012‑02 – Corporate governance and executive compensation in companies referring to the Corporate Governance Code of Listed Companies
(Afep‑MEDEF Code) – Consolidated presentation of the recommendations contained in the Annual Reports of the AMF.
(2) 2024 AMF report on Corporate governance and executive compensation of listed companies (December 2024).

34

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

2.1.1 PRESENTATION OF THE DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE OFFICERS AND THE
NON‑VOTING DIRECTOR
➤ COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN 2024
Jean LEMIERRE
Principal function: Chairman of the Board of directors of BNP Paribas

2

Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 6 June 1950
Nationality: French

BNP Paribas(*), Chairman of the Board of directors

Term start and end dates: 16 May 2023 – 2026 AGM

TEB Holding AS, director

Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 1 December 2014
ratified by the Annual General Meeting of 13 May 2015

Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies outside the BNP Paribas
Group, in France or abroad
TotalEnergies(*), director
Participation(1) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies

Number of BNP Paribas shares held(1): 46,943(2)
Business address:

TotalEnergies(*), member of the Corporate Governance and Ethics
Committee and member of the Strategy & CSR Committee

16 boulevard des Italiens

Others(1)

75009 Paris

Centre d’Études Prospectives et d’Informations Internationales
(CEPII), Chairman

France

Paris Europlace, Vice‑Chairman
Association française des entreprises privées (Afep), member of the
Board of directors
Institut de la Finance durable (IFD), member of the Board of directors

Education

Institute of International Finance (IIF), member

Graduate of the Institut d’Études Politiques de Paris

International Advisory Council of China Development Bank (CDB),
member

Graduate of École Nationale d’Administration

International Advisory Council of China Investment Corporation (CIC),
member

Law degree

International Advisory Panel (IAP) of the Monetary Authority of
Singapore (MAS), member
Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

2021:

2020:

Chairman of the Board of
directors: BNP Paribas

Chairman of the Board of
directors: BNP Paribas

Chairman of the Board of
directors: BNP Paribas

Chairman of the Board of
directors: BNP Paribas

Director: TEB Holding AS,
TotalEnergies SA

Director: TEB Holding AS,
TotalEnergies SA

Director: TEB Holding AS, Total SA Director: TEB Holding AS, Total SA

Chairman: Centre d’Études
Prospectives et d’Informations
Internationales (CEPII)

Chairman: Centre d’Études
Prospectives et d’Informations
Internationales (CEPII)

Vice‑Chairman: Paris Europlace

Vice‑Chairman: Paris Europlace

Chairman: Centre d’Études
Prospectives et d’Informations
Internationales (CEPII)

Chairman: Centre d’Études
Prospectives et d’Informations
Internationales (CEPII)

Vice‑Chairman: Paris Europlace

Vice‑Chairman: Paris Europlace

Member: Board of directors of the
Member: Board of directors of the Member: Board of directors of the Association française des
entreprises privées (Afep),
Association française des
Association française des
entreprises privées (Afep), Board entreprises privées (Afep), Board Institute of International Finance
(IIF), Orange International
of directors of the Institut de la
of directors of the Institut de la
Advisory Board, International
Financial durable (IFD), Institute
Financial durable (IFD), Institute
Advisory Council of China
of International Finance (IIF),
of International Finance (IIF),
International Advisory Council of International Advisory Council of Development Bank (CDB),
International Advisory Council of
China Development Bank (CDB),
China Development Bank (CDB),
International Advisory Council of International Advisory Council of China Investment Corporation
(CIC), International Advisory Panel
China Investment Corporation
China Investment Corporation
(CIC), International Advisory Panel (CIC), International Advisory Panel (IAP) of the Monetary Authority of
(IAP) of the Monetary Authority of (IAP) of the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS)
Singapore (MAS)
Singapore (MAS)

Member: Board of directors of the
Association française des
entreprises privées (Afep),
Institute of International Finance
(IIF), Orange International
Advisory Board, International
Advisory Council of China
Development Bank (CDB),
International Advisory Council of
China Investment Corporation
(CIC), International Advisory Panel
(IAP) of the Monetary Authority of
Singapore (MAS)

(1) At 31 December 2024.
(2) Including 1,617 BNP Paribas shares held under the Company Savings Plan.
(*) Listed company.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

35

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ
Principal function: Director and Chief Executive Officer of BNP Paribas
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 14 July 1961
Nationality: French
Term start and end dates: 17 May 2022 – 2025 AGM
Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 12 May 2010

BNP Paribas(*), Director and Chief Executive Officer
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies outside the BNP Paribas
Group, in France or abroad
Pierre Fabre Group:

Number of BNP Paribas shares held(1): 113,622(2)
Business address:

Pierre Fabre SA, director
Pierre Fabre Participations, director
Participation(1) in Specialised committees of French or foreign
companies

16 boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris

Pierre Fabre SA, member of the Strategic Committee

France

Others(1)
Association Française des Banques (AFB), Chairman

Education
Graduate of the École Polytechnique
Ingénieur en chef des Mines

Fédération Bancaire Française (FBF), member of the Executive
Committee
Association pour le Rayonnement de l’Opéra de Paris, Chairman
Entreprises pour l’Environnement, Vice‑Chairman
La France s’engage Foundation, member of the Board of directors

Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

2021:

2020:

Director and Chief Executive
Officer: BNP Paribas

Director and Chief Executive
Officer: BNP Paribas

Director and Chief Executive
Officer: BNP Paribas

Director and Chief Executive
Officer: BNP Paribas

Chairman: Association Française
des Banques (AFB), Association
pour le Rayonnement de l’Opéra
de Paris

Chairman: Association Française
des Banques (AFB), Association
pour le Rayonnement de l’Opéra
de Paris

Chairman: Association pour le
Chairman: Association pour le
Rayonnement de l’Opéra de Paris, Rayonnement de l’Opéra de Paris,
Entreprise pour l’Environnement Entreprise pour l’Environnement

Vice‑Chairman: Entreprises pour
l’Environnement

Vice‑Chairman: Entreprises pour
l’Environnement

Director: Pierre Fabre SA

Director: Pierre Fabre SA

Director: Pierre Fabre Group

Director: Pierre Fabre Group

Vice‑Chairman of the Executive
Committee: Fédération Bancaire
Française (FBF)

Member of the Executive
Committee: Fédération Bancaire
Française (FBF)

Member: Executive Committee of
the Fédération Bancaire Française
(FBF), Board of directors of La
France s’engage Foundation

Member: Executive Committee of Member: Board of directors of La
the Fédération Bancaire Française France s’engage Foundation
(FBF), Board of directors of the
Bank Policy Institute, Board of
directors of La France s’engage
Foundation

Member: Board of directors of La
France s’engage Foundation

(1) At 31 December 2024.
(2) Including 32,247 BNP Paribas shares in the form of shares in the shareholding fund held under the Company Savings Plan.
(*) Listed company.

36

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

Jacques ASCHENBROICH
Principal function: Chairman of the Board of directors of Orange
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 3 June 1954
Nationality: French
Term start and end dates: 16 May 2023 – 2026 AGM
Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 23 May 2017

Number of BNP Paribas shares held(1): 1,000
Business address:

BNP Paribas(*), director
Offices(1) held under the principal function
Orange(*), Chairman of the Board of directors

2

Other offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies outside the
BNP Paribas Group, in France or abroad
TotalEnergies(*), lead director
Participation(1) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies

111 quai du Président‑Roosevelt
92130 Issy‑les‑Moulineaux

BNP Paribas, Chairman of the Corporate Governance, Ethics,
Nominations and CSR Committee and member of the Financial
Statements Committee

France

TotalEnergies, Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Ethics
Committee and member of the Remuneration Committee and Strategy
& CSR Committee

Education
Graduate of the École des Mines

Others(1)

Corps des Mines

Club d’affaires franco‑japonais, Co‑Chairman
French‑American Foundation, Chairman of the Executive Committee

Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

2021:

2020:

Chairman of the Board of
directors: Orange

Chairman of the Board of
directors: Orange

Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer: Valeo Group

Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer: Valeo Group

Director: BNP Paribas,
TotalEnergies

Director: BNP Paribas,
TotalEnergies

Director: BNP Paribas,
TotalEnergies

Director: BNP Paribas, Veolia
Environnement

Chairman: École Nationale
Supérieure Mines ParisTech

Chairman: École Nationale
Supérieure Mines ParisTech

Chairman: École Nationale
Supérieure Mines ParisTech

Chairman: École Nationale
Supérieure Mines ParisTech

Co‑Chairman: Club d’affaires
franco‑japonais

Co‑Chairman: Club d’affaires
franco‑japonais

Co‑Chairman: Club d’affaires
franco‑japonais

Co‑Chairman: Club d’affaires
franco‑japonais

Vice‑Chairman: Institut de la
Finance Durable (IFD)

Member: Board of directors of the Member: Board of directors of the Member: Board of directors of the
Association française des
Association française des
Association française des
entreprises privées (Afep)
entreprises privées (Afep)
entreprises privées (Afep)

(1) At 31 December 2024.
(*) Listed company.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

37

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Juliette BRISAC
Principal function: Chief Operating Officer of the Corporate Engagement Department of the BNP Paribas Group(1)
Offices(2) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 22 May 1964
Nationality: French
Term start and end dates: 14 May 2024 – 2027 AGM
Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 18 May 2021
Number of BNP Paribas shares held(2): 10,877(3)
Business address:

BNP Paribas(*), director representing employee shareholders
Supervisory Board of the Group profit sharing scheme mutual fund
“BNP Paribas Actionnariat Monde”, Chairwoman
Bénévolat de Compétences et Solidarité (BCS) by BNP Paribas,
director

35 rue de la Gare

Participation(2) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies

75019 Paris

BNP Paribas, member of the Financial Statements Committee

Millénaire 4

France
Education
Master’s degree in Economics and DESS in Banking & Finance from
the University of Paris I Panthéon Sorbonne
Graduate of the Institut français des administrateurs (IFA)
Certified auditor of the Cycle des hautes études pour le
développement économique (CHEDE)
Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

2021:

Director: BNP Paribas

Director: BNP Paribas

Director: BNP Paribas

Chairwoman: Supervisory Board of
the Group profit sharing scheme
mutual fund “BNP Paribas
Actionnariat Monde”

Chairwoman: Supervisory Board of
the Group profit sharing scheme
mutual fund “BNP Paribas
Actionnariat Monde”

Chairwoman: Supervisory Board of
the Group profit sharing scheme
mutual fund “BNP Paribas
Actionnariat Monde”

(1) Effective 1 January 2025: Head of governance and permanent control of the Corporate Engagement Department of the BNP Paribas Group.
(2) At 31 December 2024.
(3) Including 5,962 BNP Paribas shares held under the Company Savings Plan.
(*) Listed company.

38

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

Pierre‑André de CHALENDAR (until 14 May 2024)
Principal function: Chairman of the Board of directors of Compagnie de Saint‑Gobain(1)
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 12 April 1958
Nationality: French

BNP Paribas(*), director

Term start and end dates: 18 May 2021 – 2024 AGM

Offices(1) held under the principal function

Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 23 May 2012

Compagnie de Saint‑Gobain(*), Chairman of the Board of directors

2

Saint‑Gobain Corporation, director
Other offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies outside the
BNP Paribas Group, in France or abroad

Number of BNP Paribas shares held(1): 7,000

Veolia Environnement(*), lead director

Business address(1):

Bpifrance, director

Tour Saint‑Gobain

Participation(1) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies

12 place de l’Iris
92400 Courbevoie

BNP Paribas, Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and member
of the Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR Committee

France

Veolia Environnement, Chairman of the Nominations Committee,
member of the Remuneration Committee and member of the
Corporate Purpose Committee
Bpifrance, Chairman of the Remuneration Committee, Chairman of the
Climate Committee

Education

Others(1)

Graduate of École Supérieure des Sciences Économiques et
Commerciales (“Essec“)

Institut de l’entreprise, Chairman
Essec, Chairman of the Supervisory Board

Graduate of École Nationale d’Administration

La Fabrique de l’Industrie, Co‑Chairman
Association française des entreprises privées (Afep), member of the
Board of directors

Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

2021:

2020:

Chairman of the Board of
directors: Compagnie de
Saint‑Gobain

Chairman of the Board of
directors: Compagnie de
Saint‑Gobain

Chairman of the Board of
directors: Compagnie de
Saint‑Gobain

Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer: Compagnie de
Saint‑Gobain

Director: BNP Paribas, Veolia
Environnement, Bpifrance,
Saint‑Gobain Corporation

Director: BNP Paribas, Veolia
Environnement, Saint‑Gobain
Corporation

Director: BNP Paribas, Veolia
Environnement, Saint‑Gobain
Corporation

Director: BNP Paribas,
Saint‑Gobain Corporation

Chairman: Institut de l'entreprise,
Board of overseers of Essec

Chairman: Board of overseers of
Essec

Chairman: Board of overseers of
Essec

Co‑Chairman: La Fabrique de
l’Industrie

Co‑Chairman: La Fabrique de
l’Industrie

Co‑Chairman: La Fabrique de
l’Industrie

Chairman: Board of overseers of
Essec
Co‑Chairman: La Fabrique de
l’Industrie

Member: Board of directors of the
Member: Board of directors of the Member: Board of directors of the Member: Board of directors of the Association française des
Association française des
Association française des
Association française des
entreprises privées (Afep)
entreprises privées (Afep)
entreprises privées (Afep)
entreprises privées (Afep)
(1) At 14 May 2024.
(*) Listed company.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

39

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Monique COHEN
Principal function: Director of companies
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 28 January 1956
Nationality: French
Term start and end dates: 16 May 2023 – 2026 AGM

BNP Paribas(*), director

Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 12 February 2014,
ratified by the Annual General Meeting of 14 May 2014

Other offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies outside the
BNP Paribas Group, in France or abroad

Number of BNP Paribas shares held(2): 9,620

Safran(*), lead director

Business address:

Hermès International(*), Vice‑Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board
Participation(1) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies

16 boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris

BNP Paribas, Chairwoman of the Internal Control, Risk Management
and Compliance Committee and member of the Corporate
Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR Committee

France
Education
Graduate of the École Polytechnique

Hermès International, Chairwoman of the Audit and Risks Committee

Master’s degree in Mathematics

Safran, Chairwoman of the Nominations and Remuneration
Committee

Master’s degree in Business Law

Comgest Global Investors, member of the Board of Partners

Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

2021:

2020:

Chairwoman of the Board of
Chairwoman of the Board of
Chairwoman of the Board of
Chairwoman of the Board of
directors: Proxima Investissement directors: Proxima Investissement directors: Proxima Investissement directors: Proxima Investissement
SA, Fides Holdings
SA, Fides Holdings
SA, Fides Holdings
SA, Fides Holdings
Vice‑Chairwoman: Supervisory
Board of Hermès International

Vice‑Chairwoman: Supervisory
Board of Hermès International

Director: BNP Paribas, Safran

Director: BNP Paribas, Safran

Director: BNP Paribas, Safran

Director: BNP Paribas, Safran

Member: Supervisory Board of
Fides Acquisitions

Member: Supervisory Board of
Fides Acquisitions

Member: Supervisory Board of
Fides Acquisitions

Member: Supervisory Board of
Fides Acquisitions

Vice‑Chairwoman: Supervisory
Board of Hermès International

(1) At 31 December 2024.
(*) Listed company.

40

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Vice‑Chairwoman: Supervisory
Board of Hermès International

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

Hugues EPAILLARD
Principal function: BNP Paribas Real Estate Business Manager
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 22 June 1966
Nationality: French

BNP Paribas(*), director
Term start and end dates: elected by BNP Paribas executive
employees for three years from 16 February 2024 – 15 February 2027 Other offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies outside the
BNP Paribas Group, in France or abroad
Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 16 February 2018

2

Action Logement Services, director

Participation(1) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies
BNP Paribas, member of the Internal Control, Risk Management and
Compliance Committee and of the Remuneration Committee
Business address:
59 rue Saint Ferréol
13001 Marseille

Action Logement Services, Chairman of the Risk Committee
Others(1)
Institut français des administrateurs (IFA), Co‑Chairman of the Club of
directors representing employees

France

Judge at the Marseille Employment Tribunal, Management section
Commission paritaire de la Banque (AFB – Recourse Commission),
member
Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

2021:

2020:

Director: BNP Paribas, Action
Logement Services

Director: BNP Paribas, Action
Logement Services

Director: BNP Paribas

Director: BNP Paribas

(1) At 31 December 2024.
(*) Listed company.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

41

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Marion GUILLOU
Principal function: Independent Director
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 17 September 1954
Nationality: French
Term start and end dates: 17 May 2022 – 2025 AGM
Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 15 May 2013

BNP Paribas(*), director
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies outside the BNP Paribas
Group, in France or abroad
Veolia Environnement(*), director
Participation(1) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies

Number of BNP Paribas shares held(1): 1,000
Business address:

BNP Paribas, member of the Corporate Governance, Ethics,
Nominations and CSR Committee and of the Remuneration Committee
Veolia Environnement, member of the Research, Innovation and
Sustainable Development Committee and the Remuneration
Committee

16 boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris

Others(1)

France

Fonds de dotation pour la préservation de la biodiversité des espèces
cultivées et de leurs apparentées sauvages, Chairwoman
Care – France (NGO), Chairwoman
Académie d’Agriculture de France, Chairwoman
Africa Europe Foundation, Co‑Chairwoman of the food systems
strategic group

Education
Graduate of the École Polytechnique
Graduate of the École du Génie rural, des Eaux et des Forêts
Doctor of Food Sciences
Graduate of the Institut français des administrateurs (IFA)

Bioversity International, member of the Board of directors
International Centre for Tropical Agriculture (CIAT), member of the
Board of directors
Bioversity International – CIAT Alliance, member of the Board of
directors and Chairwoman of the Strategic Committee (ASPAC)
Accelerating Impacts of CGIAR Climate Research for Africa (AICCRA),
member of the Independent Steering Committee (ISC)
Institut français des relations internationales (IFRI), member of the
Board of directors
Haut Conseil pour le climat, member

Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

2021:

2020:

Director: BNP Paribas, Veolia
Environnement

Director: BNP Paribas, Veolia
Environnement

Director: BNP Paribas, Veolia
Environnement

Director: BNP Paribas, Veolia
Environnement

Chairwoman: Fonds de dotation
pour la préservation de la
biodiversité des espèces cultivées
et de leurs apparentées sauvages

Chairwoman: Fonds de dotation
pour la préservation de la
biodiversité des espèces cultivées
et de leurs apparentées sauvages

Chairwoman: Fonds de dotation
pour la préservation de la
biodiversité des espèces cultivées
et de leurs apparentées sauvages

Vice‑Chairwoman: Care – France
(NGO)

Vice‑Chairwoman: Académie
d'Agriculture de France, Care France (NGO)

Vice‑Chairwoman: Care – France
(NGO)

Vice‑Chairwoman: Care – France
(NGO)

Member: Board of directors of
Bioversity International, Board of
directors of the International
Centre for Tropical Agriculture
(CIAT), Board of directors of
Bioversity – CIAT Alliance, Board
of directors of IFRI, Haut Conseil
pour le climat

Member: Board of directors of
Bioversity International, Board of
directors of the International
Centre for Tropical Agriculture
(CIAT), Board of directors of
Bioversity – CIAT Alliance, Board
of directors of IFRI, Haut Conseil
pour le climat

Member: Board of directors of
Bioversity International, Board of
directors of the International
Centre for Tropical Agriculture
(CIAT), Board of directors of
Bioversity – CIAT Alliance, Board
of directors of IFRI, Haut Conseil
pour le climat
(1) At 31 December 2024.
(*) Listed company.

42

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Member: Board of directors of
Bioversity International, Board of
directors of the International
Centre for Tropical Agriculture
(CIAT), Board of directors of
Bioversity – CIAT Alliance, Board
of directors of IFRI

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

Vanessa LEPOULTIER
Principal function: Asset Advisor BNP Paribas
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 20 January 1983
Nationality: French

BNP Paribas(*), director
Term start and end dates: elected by BNP Paribas technician
employees for three years from 16 February 2024 – 15 February 2027 Other offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies outside the
BNP Paribas Group, in France or abroad
Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 16 February 2024

2

Action Logement Services, alternate director

Number of BNP Paribas shares held(1): 85(2)

Participation(1) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies

Business address:
150 rue du Faubourg‑Poissonnière

BNP Paribas, member of the Financial Statements Committee

75010 Paris
France
Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years

(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
N/A
(1) At 31 December 2024.
(2) Including 85 BNP Paribas shares held under the Company Savings Plan.
(*) Listed company.

Lieve LOGGHE
Principal function: Administrative and Financial Director of Boortmalt International
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 11 July 1968
Nationality: Belgian

BNP Paribas(*), director

Term start and end dates: 17 May 2022 – 2025 AGM

Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies outside the BNP Paribas
Group, in France or abroad

Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 17 May 2022
Number of BNP Paribas shares held(1): 1,000

TINCC BV, director

Business address:

Participation(1) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies

Zandvoort 2, Haven 350
2030 Antwerp

BNP Paribas, member of the Financial Statements Committee and
member of the Remuneration Committee

Belgium

Others(1)

Education

ODISEE, member of the Board of directors and member of the Audit
Committee

Master’s degree in economics from the University of Brussels
Master’s degree in accounting from the Vlerick School for
Management
Master’s degree in taxation from the EHSAL Management School
Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years

(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

Director: BNP Paribas, TINCC BV

Director: BNP Paribas, TINCC BV

Member: Board of directors of
ODISEE

Member: Board of directors of
ODISEE

(1) At 31 December 2024.
(*) Listed company.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

43

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Marie‑Christine LOMBARD
Principal function: Chairwoman of the Management Board of Geodis SA
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 6 December 1958
Nationality: French
Term start and end dates: 14 May 2024 – 2027 AGM

BNP Paribas(*), director

Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 10 January 2024
ratified by the Annual General Meeting of 14 May 2024

Offices(1) held under the principal function
Geodis SA, Chairwoman of the Management Board

Number of BNP Paribas shares held(1): 1,000

SNCF, member of the Executive Committee

Business address:
26 quai Charles‑Pasqua

Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies outside the BNP Paribas
Group, in France or abroad
Vinci(*), director

92110 Levallois‑Perret
France

Participation(1) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies

Education

BNP Paribas, Chairwoman of the Remuneration Committee

Graduate of École Supérieure des Sciences Économiques et
Commerciales (“Essec“)

Vinci, Chairwoman of the Remuneration Committee and member of
the Nominations and Governance Committee

Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
N/A
(1) At 31 December 2024.
(*) Listed company.

Christian NOYER
Principal function: Director of companies
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 6 October 1950
Nationality: French
Term start and end dates: 14 May 2024 – 2027 AGM
Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 18 May 2021
(Mr. Christian Noyer served as non‑voting director of BNP Paribas
from 1 May 2019 to 17 May 2021)
Number of BNP Paribas shares held(1): 2,000
Business address:

BNP Paribas(*), director
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies outside the BNP Paribas
Group, in France or abroad
Setl Ltd, director(2)
Participation(1) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies
BNP Paribas, Chairman of the Financial Statements Committee and
member of the Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance
Committee(3)

16 boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France

Others(1)

Education
Graduate of École Nationale d’Administration

Institut pour l’Education Financière du Public (IEFP), Chairman Institut
Français des Relations Internationales (IFRI) Foundation, member of
the Board of directors

Graduate of the Institut d’Études Politiques de Paris

Group of Thirty (G30), member

Masters in Law from the University of Paris

Mission dedicated to the relaunch of the Capital Markets Union,
Chairman of the Committee of Experts

Master’s Degree from the University of Rennes
Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years

(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

2021:

2020:

Director: BNP Paribas, Power
Corporation of Canada, Setl Ltd

Director: BNP Paribas, Power
Corporation of Canada, Setl Ltd

Chairman: Institut pour
l’Education Financière du Public
(IEFP)

Chairman: Institut pour
l’Education Financière du Public
(IEFP)

Director: BNP Paribas, Power
Corporation of Canada, NSIA
Banque Group, Setl Ltd

Director: Power Corporation of
Canada, NSIA Banque Group,
Lloyd’s of London, Setl Ltd

Chairman: Institut pour l’Education
Financière du Public (IEFP)

Member: Institut Français des
Member: Institut Français des
Relations Internationales (IFRI)
Relations Internationales (IFRI),
Foundation, Group of Thirty (G30) Group of Thirty (G30)

Member: Institut Français des
Relations Internationales (IFRI),
Group of Thirty (G30)

(1) At 31 December 2024.
(2) Until 24 January 2025.
(3) Member of the Remuneration Committee from 1 January 2025.
(*) Listed company.

44

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

Daniela SCHWARZER
Principal function: Member of the Executive Board of the Bertelsmann Foundation
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 19 July 1973
Nationality: German

BNP Paribas(*), director

Term start and end dates: 16 May 2023 – 2026 AGM

Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies outside the BNP Paribas
Group, in France or abroad

Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 14 May 2014

2

Covivio(*), director

Number of BNP Paribas shares held(1): 1,000

Participation(1) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies

Business address:
Werderscher Markt 6

BNP Paribas, member of the Corporate Governance, Ethics,

10117 Berlin
Germany

Nominations and CSR Committee, member of the Internal Control,
Risk Management and Compliance Committee and member of the
Financial Statements Committee

Education

Others(1)
Institut Jacques‑Delors, member of the Board of directors

Doctorate in Economics from the Free University of Berlin
Master’s degree in Political Science and in Linguistics, University of
Tübingen

Deutsche Gesellschaft für Auswärtige Politik, member of the Board of
directors
Institut Jean Monnet, member of the Board of directors

Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

2021:

2020:

Director: BNP Paribas, Covivio

Director: BNP Paribas, Covivio

Director: BNP Paribas

Director: BNP Paribas

Member of the Management
Board: Bertelsmann Foundation

Executive Director: Open Society
Foundation for Europe and
Central Asia

Executive Director: Open Society
Foundation for Europe and
Central Asia

Director: Deutsche Gesellschaft
für Auswärtige Politik

Member: Board of directors of the
Institut Jacques‑Delors, Board of
directors of the United Europe
Foundation, Board of directors of
the Deutche Gesellschaft für
Auswärtige Politik,

Member: Board of directors of the
Institut Jacques‑Delors, Board of
directors of the United Europe
Foundation, Advisory Committee
of the Open Society Foundation,
Board of directors of the Deutsche
Gesellschaft für Auswärtige
Politik,

Member: Board of directors of
Institut Jacques‑Delors,
Board of directors of Deutsche
Gesellschaft für Auswärtige
Politik,
Board of directors of the Institut
Jean Monnet

Board of directors of the Institut
Jean Monnet

Member: Board of directors of the
Institut Jacques‑Delors, Board of
directors of the United Europe
Foundation, Advisory Committee
of the Open Society Foundation,
Federal Security Academy,
Advisory Committee

Board of directors of the Institut
Jean Monnet

(1) At 31 December 2024.
(*) Listed company.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

45

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Annemarie STRAATHOF
Principal function: Director of companies
Date of birth: 2 August 1962
Nationality: Dutch
Term start and end dates: 14 May 2024 – 2027 AGM
Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 14 May 2024
Number of BNP Paribas shares held(1): 1,000
Business address:

Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad
BNP Paribas(*), director
Participation(1) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies
BNP Paribas, member of the Internal Control, Risk Management and
Compliance Committee

16 boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
Education
Holder of a Bachelor of Arts in English Literature from the University
of Amsterdam
Holder of a Master in Business Administration from the Rotterdam
School of Management
Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
N/A
(1) At 31 December 2024.
(*) Listed company.

46

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

Michel TILMANT
Principal function: Director of companies
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 21 July 1952
Nationality: Belgian

BNP Paribas(*), director

Term start and end dates: 17 May 2022 – 2025 AGM

Offices(1) held under the principal function

Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 12 May 2010

Strafin sprl, manager

(Mr. Michel Tilmant served as non‑voting director of BNP Paribas
from 4 November 2009 to 11 May 2010)

2

Other offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies outside the
BNP Paribas Group, in France or abroad
Groupe Lhoist SA, director

Number of BNP Paribas shares held(1): 1,000

Foyer Finance SA, director

Business address:

Participation(1) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies

Rue du Moulin 10
B‑1310 La Hulpe

BNP Paribas, member of the Internal Control, Risk Management and
Compliance Committee

Belgium

Groupe Lhoist SA, Chairman of the Audit Committee
Others(1)

Education

Royal Automobile Club of Belgium, member of the Board of directors

Graduate of the University of Louvain

Zoute Automobile Club, member of the Board of directors

Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

2021:

2020:

Chairman of the Board of
directors: CapitalatWork Foyer
Group SA

Chairman of the Board of
directors: CapitalatWork Foyer
Group SA

Chairman of the Board of
directors: CapitalatWork Foyer
Group SA

Chairman of the Board of
directors: CapitalatWork Foyer
Group SA

Director: BNP Paribas,

Director: BNP Paribas,

Director: BNP Paribas,

Foyer SA, Foyer Finance SA,
Groupe Lhoist SA

Foyer SA, Foyer Finance SA,
Groupe Lhoist SA, Sofina SA

Foyer SA, Foyer Finance SA,
Groupe Lhoist SA, Sofina SA

Manager: Strafin sprl

Manager: Strafin sprl

Manager: Strafin sprl

Member: Board of directors of
Royal Automobile Club of Belgium,
Board of directors of Zoute
Automobile Club

Member: Board of directors of
Royal Automobile Club of Belgium,
Board of directors of Zoute
Automobile Club

Member: Board of directors of
Royal Automobile Club of Belgium,
Board of directors of the Zoute
Automobile Club, Board of
directors of Université Catholique
de Louvain

Director: BNP Paribas, Foyer
Finance SA, Groupe Lhoist SA,
Manager: Strafin sprl
Member: Board of directors of
Royal Automobile Club of Belgium,
Board of directors of Zoute
Automobile Club

(1) At 31 December 2024.
(*) Listed company.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

47

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Sandrine VERRIER (until 15 February 2024)
Principal function: BNP Paribas Production and Sales Support Assistant(1)
Offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies of the BNP Paribas Group,
in France or abroad

Date of birth: 9 April 1979
Nationality: French

BNP Paribas(*), director
Term start and end dates: elected by BNP Paribas technician
employees for three years from 16 February 2021 – 15 February 2024 Other offices(1) held in listed or unlisted companies outside the
BNP Paribas Group, in France or abroad
Date first appointed to the Board of directors: 16 February 2015
Action Logement Services, director

Participation(1) in specialised committees of French or foreign
companies

Business address:

BNP Paribas, member of the Financial Statements Committee

150 rue du Faubourg‑Poissonnière

Action Logement Services, member of the Tender Committee

75010 Paris

Others(1)

France

Conseil Économique, Social et Environnemental Régional
d’Île‑de‑France, advisor

Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

2021:

2020:

Director: BNP Paribas, Action
Logement Services

Director: BNP Paribas

Director: BNP Paribas

Director: BNP Paribas

(1) At 15 February 2024.
(*) Listed company.

48

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

SCHEDULE OF THE TERMS OF THE DIRECTORSHIPS OF COMPANY DIRECTORS
On the Board’s proposal, the Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting of 23 May 2000 decided to limit the term of office of new directors to three
years.

Directors

2025
(AGM called to approve the 2024 financial
statements)

J. Lemierre
J.-L. Bonnafé

2026
(AGM called to approve the 2025 financial
statements)

2027
(AGM called to approve the 2026 financial
statements)

✓

J. Aschenbroich

✓

J. Brisac (i)

✓

M. Cohen

✓

H. Epaillard (ii)
M. Guillou

✓
✓

V. Lepoultier (III)
L. Logghe

✓
✓

M.-C. Lombard

✓

C. Noyer

✓

D. Schwarzer

✓

A. Straathof
M. Tilmant

2

✓

✓
✓

(i) Director representing employee shareholders.
(ii) Director elected by executive employees – Start and end dates of previous term: 16 February 2024 – 15 February 2027.
(iii) Director elected by technician employees – Start and end dates of previous term: 16 February 2024 – 15 February 2027.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

49

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

OTHER CORPORATE OFFICERS
Yann GÉRARDIN
Principal function: Chief Operating Officer of BNP Paribas
Date of birth: 11 November 1961

Offices(1) held under the principal function

Nationality: French

BNP Paribas(*), Chief Operating Officer, Head of Corporate &
Institutional Banking

Number of BNP Paribas shares held(1): 166,413(2)
Business address:
16 boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
Education
Degree in Economic Science
Institut d’Études Politiques de Paris
HEC Paris
Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years

(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

2021:

Chief Operating Officer:
BNP Paribas

Chief Operating Officer:
BNP Paribas

Chief Operating Officer:
BNP Paribas

(1) At 31 December 2024.
(2) Including 32,813 BNP Paribas shares in the form of shares in the shareholding fund held under the Company Savings Plan.
(*) Listed company.

Thierry LABORDE
Principal function: Chief Operating Officer of BNP Paribas
Date of birth: 17 December 1960

Offices(1) held under the principal function

Nationality: French

BNP Paribas(*), Chief Operating Officer, Head of Commercial, Personal
Banking & Services

Number of BNP Paribas shares held(1): 20,350(2)
Business address:

BNP Paribas Personal Finance, Chairman of the Board of directors
BNL SpA, director

16 boulevard des Italiens

Arval Service Lease, director

75009 Paris
France

BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions, director

Education

Others(1)

Master’s degree in Economic Science

European Payments Initiative, director

BNP Paribas Lease Group, director

Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
2023:

2022:

2021:

Chief Operating Officer:
BNP Paribas

Chief Operating Officer:
BNP Paribas

Chief Operating Officer:

Chairman of the Board of
directors: BNP Paribas Personal
Finance

Chairman of the Board of
directors: BNP Paribas Personal
Finance

Chairman of the Board

Director: BNL SpA, Arval Service
Lease, BNP Paribas Leasing
Solutions, BNP Paribas Lease
Group, European Payments
Initiative

Director: BNL SpA, Arval Service
Lease, BNP Paribas Leasing
Solutions, BNP Paribas Lease
Group, European Payments
Initiative

BNP Paribas
of directors: BNP Paribas
Personal Finance
Director: BNL SpA, Arval
Service Lease, BNP Paribas Leasing
Solutions, BNP Paribas Lease Group,
European Payments Initiative

(1) At 31 December 2024.
(2) Including 2,534 BNP Paribas shares in the form of shares in the shareholding fund held under the Company Savings Plan.
(*) Listed company.

50

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

NON‑VOTING DIRECTOR
Bertrand de MAZIÈRES
Principal function: Independent Director
Date of birth: 3 July 1957

Others(1)

Nationality: French

International Finance Facility for Immunisation, member of the Board
of directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee

Term start date: 1 October 2024

2

Business address:
7 bd Dr Charles‑Marx
L‑2130 Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Education
École Nationale d’Administration
Graduate of HEC Paris
Master’s Degree in law from the University of Paris I Panthéon
Sorbonne
Offices held at 31 December in previous financial years
(the companies mentioned are the parent companies of the groups in which the functions were carried out)
N/A
(1) At 31 December 2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

51

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2.1.2 BNP PARIBAS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Corporate Governance Code that BNP Paribas refers to on a
voluntary basis in this report is the Corporate Governance Code of
Listed Companies, published by the French employers’ organisations,
Association Française des Entreprises Privées (Afep) and the
Mouvement des Entreprises de France (MEDEF). BNP Paribas
declares that it complies with all of the recommendations of this
Code, hereinafter referred to as the Corporate Governance Code or
Afep‑MEDEF Code, which can be viewed on the BNP Paribas website
(http://invest.bnpparibas.com/en), the Afep website (http://
www.afep.com/en) and the MEDEF website (http://www.MEDEF.com/
en).
The detailed rules on the participation of shareholders at the
Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting are laid out in article 18, Title
V “Shareholders’ Meetings”, of BNP Paribas’ Articles of association
published in the Universal registration document in the section
entitled Founding documents and Articles of association. Moreover, a
summary of these rules and a report on the organisation and
running of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 14 May
2024 are provided in the section entitled "BNP Paribas and its
shareholders" of said document.
In addition to the above, BNP Paribas is governed in accordance with
French and European banking regulations, and the guidelines issued
by the European Banking Authority (EBA) and is subject to permanent
supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB) pursuant to the
Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM).

1.

PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE

The Internal Rules adopted by the Board of directors define the
duties of the Board and of its specialised committees. They are
updated periodically to comply with current laws, regulations and
market guidelines, and to keep pace with best practice in the area of
Corporate governance.
The Internal Rules were extensively revised in 2015 to reflect the
provisions of Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and
investment firms (hereinafter “CRD 5”) then amended on various
occasions to take into account changes in regulations and supervisor
expectations. Two procedures complete the Internal Rules: a "Policy
on the suitability of Members of the management body and Key
function holders", hereinafter referred to as the “Suitability policy”,
and the “Implementation procedure for conflicts of interest in
respect to loans and other transactions granted to the Members of
the management body and their related parties”.
The Group Code of conduct, approved by the Board of directors, was
introduced in 2016. The latter as well as the addendum on
anti‑corruption were the subject of an update in December 2021,
then in December 2024, approved by the Board of directors.

Code of conduct (article 1.2 of the Internal Rules)
The Code of conduct is the result of BNP Paribas’ Board of
directors and Executive Management’s shared conviction that the
success of the Bank depends on the behaviour of each employee.
The Code of conduct “sets out the rules to uphold our values and
perform the Bank’s missions. This Code, which shall be integrated

by each business line and each employee, governs the actions of
each employee, and guides the decisions at every level of the
organisation. For this purpose, the Board ensures the Executive
Management implements this Code in business lines, countries
and regions.”

Note that the Internal Rules emphasise the collegial nature of the
Board of directors, which jointly represents all shareholders and
must act in the Company’s best interest at all times. It details the
Board responsibilities (article 1).

Neither the members of the Executive Management nor the
Chairman of the Board of directors have been members of a
Specialised committee since 1997.

The Board of directors is backed by four specialised committees (the
Financial Statements Committee, the Internal Control, Risk
Management and Compliance Committee, the Corporate
Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR Committee, and the
Remuneration Committee) as well as any ad hoc committees. The
Internal Rules detail each committee’s missions, in line with the
provisions of the CRD 5 and EBA Guidelines. They provide for joint
meetings between the Financial Statements Committee and the
Internal Control, Risk and Compliance Committee whenever required.

52

As far as the Board is aware, no agreement has been entered into,
directly, or through an intermediary, between on the one hand, one
of BNP Paribas’ directors and corporate officers and, on the other,
another company in which BNP Paribas owns, directly or indirectly,
over half of the share capital (articles L.22‑10‑10 and L.225‑37‑4
paragraph two of the French Commercial Code), without prejudice to
any agreements relating to current operations concluded under
normal conditions.
The Internal Rules and Suitability policy mentioned above have been
adopted by the Board of directors and are included in this report.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

The Board of directors (at 1 January 2025)
Chairman: Jean Lemierre

Missions and controls in the following areas:
Orientations and strategic operations
Promotion of CSR
Governance, internal control and financial statements
Risk management oversight
Financial communication
Remuneration
Preventive recovery plan
Monitoring the application of the Code of conduct

Internal Control, Risk
management and Compliance
Committee (CCIRC)

Financial Statements
Committee (CdC)
Members
Comité des
comptes

Members

(CdC)
Christian Noyer
(C) (i)
Jacques Aschenbroich (i)
Juliette Brisac (iii)
Vanessa Lepoultier (ii)
Lieve Logghe (i)
Daniela Schwarzer (i)
Bertrand de Mazières (N)

Members

Monique Cohen (C) (i)
Hugues Epaillard (ii)
Christian Noyer (i)
Daniela Schwarzer (i)
Annemarie Straathof (i)
Michel Tilmant
Bertrand de Mazières (N)

Jacques Aschenbroich (C) (i)
Monique Cohen (i)
Marion Guillou (i)
Daniela Schwarzer (i)

Missions

Missions

Monitoring the preparation of the
financial information.

Reviewing the global strategy
concerning risks.

Monitoring of the efficiency of the
internal control systems and of
risk management systems
concerning accounting and
financial matters.

Monitoring of the adequacy of the
compensation policy and
practices with regard to risks.

Monitoring of the statutory
auditing of the annual financial
statements and of the
consolidated financial statements
by the Statutory Auditors as well
as of the independence of the
Statutory Auditors.

Review of internal control issues
(excluding financial and
non-financial information) and
monitoring of permanent control.

Remuneration Committee
(CR)
Members
Marie-Christine Lombard (C) (i)
Hugues Epaillard (ii)
Marion Guillou (i)
Lieve Logghe (i)
Christian Noyer (i)

Missions

Missions

Oversight and monitoring of the
compliance of governance
principles with changes in
regulations and best practices in
the area of corporate governance.

Annual review of the principles
that underpin the Group’s
remuneration policy.

Identification of, selection of, and
succession plan for directors and
committee members.
Assessment of the Board of
directors.
Periodic review of the selection of,
appointment of and succession
process for corporate officers.
Monitoring of the implementation
by the Executive Management of
the Suitability policy for Key
function holders (under the
meaning of the EBA).

Monitoring of the process of
preparing sustainability
information.

Annual review of the
compensation, allowances and
benefits in kind granted to the
directors and corporate officers of
the Company and of the Group’s
major French subsidiaries.
Annual review of the compensation
of the Group’s regulated categories
of personnel.
Control of the compensation of the
Head of Risk Management, the
Head of Compliance and the
Inspector General.

Assessment of corporate officers.

Monitoring of the efficiency of the
internal control systems and of
risk management concerning
sustainability matters.

Appraising the independence of
the directors.
Maintaining diversity within the
Board of directors.

Monitoring of periodic control.

Regular monitoring of updates to
the Code of conduct.
Monitoring of the Group’s CSR
policy and integration of the CSR
dimension in the performance of
its missions.

Joint sessions of the CdC and CCIRC
Chairman: Christian Noyer (i)

Comité des comptes
(CdC)

Corporate Governance, Ethics,
Nominations and
CSR Committee (CGEN)

2

Missions

Review of the Statutory Auditors’ audit plan.
Treatment of common issues relating to risks with financial or accounting
consequences.
Monitoring of the adequacy of the prices of products and services offered
to customers in relation to the risk strategy.

(C) Chairperson
(i) Independent director according
to the provisions of the Afep-MEDEF Code
(ii) Director representing employees
(iii) Director representing employee
shareholders
(N) Non-voting director

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

53

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Each committee is composed of members with expertise in the
relevant areas and complies with the provisions of the French
Monetary and Financial Code and the recommendations of the
Afep‑MEDEF Code. Thus, at 31 December 2024:
■ the Financial Statements Committee has four independent

members as well as a director representing employees and a
director representing employee shareholders. Most of the
members of the Financial Statements Committee have
qualifications and experience in corporate financial
management, accounting and financial and non‑financial
information. Its Chairman, Mr. Christian Noyer, brings to the
Committee skills strengthened by his professional career, in
particular as a former Governor of the Banque de France; Mr.
Bertrand de Mazières, former Chief Financial Officer of the
European Investment Bank, attends the meetings of the
Financial Statements Committee as a non‑voting director;
■ the

Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance
Committee has four independent members out of a total of six
members. Most of the members have particular expertise in
financial matters and in the area of risk through their training
or experience. Its Chairwoman, Ms. Monique Cohen, brings to
the Committee her experience in financial regulation and
supervision acquired as a former member of the Board of the
French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés
Financiers - AMF). One of its members, Mr. Christian Noyer, has
experience in the supervision of banking institutions as former
Chairman of the French Prudential Supervisory and Resolution
Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution ACPR) and two other members, Ms. Annemarie Straathof and
Mr. Michel Tilmant have international experience in banking
management and financial risks. Moreover, two members of the
Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee,
Mr. Christian Noyer and Ms. Daniela Schwarzer are also
members of the Financial Statements Committee in order to
promote the work of the two Committees on the adequacy of
the risks and provisions recognised by the Bank. Mr. Bertrand
de Mazières, former Chief Financial Officer of the European
Investment Bank, attends the meetings of the Internal Control,
Risk Management and Compliance Committee as a non‑voting
director;

■ the

Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR
Committee includes four independent directors who have
expertise in Corporate governance and in putting together
management teams in international companies and in CSR. It is
chaired by Mr. Jacques Aschenbroich, Chairman of the Board of
directors of a major telecommunications group with social and
environmental commitments. One of its members, Ms. Marion
Guillou, has also been a member of the Haut Conseil pour le
Climat since its creation in 2018, and another member, Ms.
Daniela Schwarzer, is a member of the Management Board of a
leading independent foundation involved in the research and
financing of projects, in particular in the fields of education,
climate and digital transformation, themes related to Europe
and democracy;

■ the Remuneration Committee is composed of three independent

members (1) and a director representing employees. Its
Chairwoman, Ms. Marie‑Christine Lombard, has experience of
compensation systems and market practices in this area. A

member of the Remuneration Committee, Mr. Hugues Epaillard
is also a member of the Internal Control, Risk Management and
Compliance Committee, which promotes the work of the Board
of directors on the adequacy of the compensation principles
with the risk policy of BNP Paribas.
The Chairman of the Board of directors is not a member of any
Specialised committee, but attends the meetings to ensure the
consistency of the Board of directors' work and may add any subject
he considers relevant to the agenda.
European and French regulations applicable to BNP Paribas require
members of the Board of directors and executive corporate officers
to demonstrate integrity at all times, and to have the knowledge
skills, experience and time needed to perform their duties. The ECB
is notified of their appointment or re‑appointment so that it can
assess them on the basis of these criteria.
The ECB did not object to the composition of the Board of directors
or its Specialised committees.

1.a. Separation of the functions of Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
At 11 June 2003, BNP Paribas dissociated the offices of Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer. This decision is in line with the
obligations imposed on credit institutions since 2014 by the French
law transposing Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit
institutions and investment firms.

The duties of the Chairman
They are described in article 3.1 of the Internal Rules.
The Chairman is responsible for ensuring that the quality of the
relationship with shareholders is maintained, coordinating closely
with any steps taken by the Executive Management in this area. In
this connection, the Chairman chairs the Shareholder Liaison
Committee, whose task is to assist the Bank in its communications
with individual shareholders; several times a year, he invites the
shareholders to meetings where the Company’s strategy is
explained. He reports on his duties to the Board of directors.
The Chairman maintains a close and trusting relationship with the
Executive Management and provides the team with assistance and
advice while respecting its executive responsibilities. The Chairman
organises his activities so as to ensure his availability and put his
experience to the Group’s service. His duties are contributory in
nature and do not confer any executive power on him. They do not in
any way restrict the powers of the Chief Executive Officer, who has
sole operational responsibility for the Group.
Coordinating closely with the Executive Management, the Chairman
can represent the Group in its high‑level relationships, particularly
with major clients, public authorities and institutions, at national,
European and international levels. He plays an active part in
discussions concerning regulatory developments and public policies
affecting BNP Paribas, and, more generally, the financial services
sector.
The Chairman contributes to promoting the values and image of
BNP Paribas, both within the Group and externally. He contributes to
enhancing the Group’s image through the responsibilities he
exercises personally in national or international public bodies.

(1) A fourth independent member, Mr. Christian Noyer, will join the Remuneration Committee as of 1 January 2025.

54

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

At the request of the Chief Executive Officer, he can take part in any
internal meeting on subjects relating to strategy, organisation,
investment or disinvestment projects, risks and financial
information. He expresses his opinions without prejudice to the remit
of the Board of directors; he provides support to the teams
responsible for covering major companies and international financial
institutions; he also contributes to the development of BNP Paribas’
advisory activities, particularly by assisting in the completion of
major corporate finance transactions.
He ensures that principles of Corporate governance are defined and
implemented.
The Chairman is the custodian of the proper functioning of the Board
of directors of BNP Paribas. As such:
■ with

the support of the Corporate Governance, Ethics,
Nominations and CSR Committee, with the approval of the
Board of directors and of the Shareholders’ Annual General
Meeting, where appropriate, he endeavours to build an efficient
and balanced Board, and to manage, both in the short- and
long‑term, the replacement and succession processes related to
the Board of directors and nominations which will acknowledge
the company’s strategic ambitions;

■ on the basis of the dissociation of the functions of Chairman

and Chief Executive Officer, his role is to ensure directors’

2

independence and freedom of speech;
■ he ensures that the directors have the documentation and

information necessary to carry out their duties in a timely
manner and in a clear and appropriate form.

The powers of the Chief Executive Officer
The Chief Executive Officer has the broadest powers to act in all
circumstances on behalf of BNP Paribas, and to represent the Bank
in its relations with third parties. He is responsible for the
organisation of internal control procedures and for all the
information required by regulations in that regard.

2

He exercises his powers within the limitations of the corporate
object, and subject to any powers expressly attributed by law to the
Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting and Board of directors.
The Internal Rules of the Board of directors provide that the Chief
Executive Officer shall request its prior approval for all investment or
disinvestment decisions (other than portfolio transactions) in excess
of EUR 250 million, and for any proposal to acquire or dispose of
shareholdings in excess of that threshold (other than portfolio
transactions) (article 1.1). The Chief Executive Officer must also ask
the Board’s Financial Statements Committee for prior approval of
any non‑audit related assignment involving fees in an amount of
over EUR 1 million (excluding taxes) (article 7.1.4).

1.b The Board of directors: a collegial body with collective competence
The composition of the Board of directors (on 31 December 2024)
The Board of directors, after consulting the Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR Committee, co‑opted Ms. Marie‑Christine Lombard as a
director as of 10 January 2024, to replace Ms. Rajna Gibson‑Brandon (1).
On the proposal of the Board of directors, the Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting of 14 May 2024 renewed the terms of office as directors for
a period of three years of Ms. Juliette Brisac and Mr. Christian Noyer, ratified the co‑option and renewed the term of office of Ms. Marie‑Christine
Lombard for a period of three years and appointed Ms. Annemarie Straathof as an independent director, replacing Mr. Pierre André de Chalendar,
whose term of office expired at the end of the Annual General Meeting.
At 31 December 2024:
Number of Board
members

14

Of which Director
elected by
employees

Of which Director
representing employee
shareholders

2

1

The Board of directors, after consulting the Governance, Ethics,
Nominations and CSR Committee, also appointed Mr. Bertrand de
Mazières as a non‑voting director as of 1 October 2024, in
accordance with Article 17, Title IV “Powers of the Board of directors,
the Chairman, the Executive Management and the Non‑voting
directors” of the Articles of association of BNP Paribas published in
the Universal registration document in the section Founding
documents and Articles of association.

Nationalities

Percentage
of women

Independence

4

55%

73%

Mr. Bertrand de Mazières participates in the meetings of the Board
of directors without voting rights, as well as in the meetings of the
Financial Statements Committee and the Internal Control, Risk
Management and Compliance Committee. He will serve as a
non‑voting director until the Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting
of May 2025, during which the Board of directors will propose his
appointment as an independent director.

(1) Ms. Rajna Gibson‑Brandon resigned from her directorship as of 11 September 2023 due to family constraints.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

55

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Independence of directors (as of 31 December 2024) [sustainability statements] (1)

Jean LEMIERRE

Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ

Jacques
ASCHENBROICH

Juliette BRISAC

Monique COHEN

Hugues EPAILLARD

Marion GUILLOU

Vanessa LEPOULTIER

Marie‑Christine
LOMBARD

Lieve LOGGHE

Christian NOYER

Daniela SCHWARZER

Annemarie STRAATHOF

Michel TILMANT

The table below shows the position of each director with regard to the independence criteria provided by the Afep‑MEDEF Code to define an
independent director:

1

Not be, or have been, in the last five years
(i) an employee or corporate officer of the
Company or of a consolidated subsidiary
of the Company; (ii) a director of a
consolidated subsidiary

0

0

✓

0

✓

0

✓

0

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

2

Whether or not corporate offices are held
in another company

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

3

Whether or not significant business
relationships exist

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

Whether or not there are close family ties
to a corporate officer

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

5

Not have been a Statutory Auditor of the
Company in the previous five years

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

6

Not have been a director of the Company
for more than twelve years

✓

0

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

0

7

No variable remuneration for
non‑executive corporate officers

✓

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

Major shareholder status

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

Criteria

4

8

✓represents an independence criterion of the Afep‑MEDEF Code that is met.
O represents an independence criterion of the Afep‑MEDEF Code that is not met.

■ The

following directors meet the independence criteria
contained in the Corporate Governance Code and reviewed by
the Board of directors (2): Monique Cohen, Marion Guillou, Lieve
Logghe, Marie‑Christine Lombard, Daniela Schwarzer,
Annemarie Straathof, Jacques Aschenbroich, Christian Noyer.
The Board of directors noted that none of the companies or
legal structures in which these directors hold a directorship
and/or performs an executive function has any significant
business relationship with BNP Paribas (revenues generated by
business relationships represented less than 0.5% of total
revenues published by BNP Paribas for 2024). Moreover, as far
as the Board of directors is aware, there are no potential
conflicts of interests between BNP Paribas and any of the
directors.

■ The two directors elected by the employees, Mr. Hugues

Epaillard and Ms. Vanessa Lepoultier, as well as the director
representing employee shareholders, Ms. Juliette Brisac, are not
taken into account for the calculation of independence
according to the criteria of the Afep‑MEDEF Code.
■ Three directors appointed by the shareholders, Mr. Jean

Lemierre, Chairman of the Board of directors, Mr. Jean‑Laurent
Bonnafé, Director and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Michel
Tilmant, do not fulfil the independence criteria laid down by the
Corporate Governance Code.

Directors’ knowledge, skills and experience – Diversity
and complementarity [sustainability statements]
When the Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR
Committee (CGEN) reviews the skills and experience of potential
directors, it is careful to maintain the diversity and collective skills of
the Board of directors in light of changes to the Bank’s strategy and
in accordance with the Suitability policy.
These candidates are identified and recommended on the basis of
criteria that combine personal and collective skills, according to the
procedures in the Internal Rules (article 4.2.1) and by the Suitability
policy (section II Identification of selection of and succession plan for
Members of the management body and Key function holders), which
ensure their independence of mind.
To make informed and judicious decisions in all circumstances, the
Board of directors has established individual expertise in the banking
and financial fields (including risk management, banking regulation
and compliance, particularly as regards anti‑money laundering and
combating the financing of terrorism), as well as recognised
individual experience acquired within the General Management of
large international companies, to understand the Group’s business
model and the associated risks.

Over half of the directors of BNP Paribas (73%) are therefore
independent in terms of the criteria for independence contained in
the Afep‑MEDEF Code and the Board of directors’ assessment.

(1) This information is an integral part of the sustainability statements, presented in chapter 7.1, and is covered by the certification report on sustainability statements.
(2) Mr Pierre André de Chalendar also met the independence criteria at the end of his term of office.

56

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

The Board of directors also ensures complementarity between
directors, with members able to understand the major issues,
challenges and emerging risks that the Bank is currently facing, and
more specifically:
■ Environmental and social issues
■ Mr. Jean Lemierre (Chairman of the Board of directors): Mr.

Jean Lemierre has been Chairman of the Board of directors of
BNP Paribas since 1 December 2014. As Chairman of the
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD)
from 2000 to 2008, whose operations are guided by the
promotion of sustainable and environmentally‑friendly
development, he has worked to promote CSR, by ensuring
that funded projects were socially and environmentally
sustainable, while respecting the rights of the workers and
communities concerned. Among his various mandates, Mr.
Jean Lemierre is a member of the Board of directors of the
Institut de la Finance Durable, which aims to coordinate,
federate and accelerate the action of the Paris financial
centre to achieve the ecological transition and transform the
economy towards a low‑carbon and inclusive model, aligned
with the objectives of the Paris Agreement and the UN
Sustainable Development Goals.
■ Mr. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé (Director and Chief Executive

Officer): Mr. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé has been a Director and
Chief Executive Officer of BNP Paribas since 2011. Under his
management, BNP Paribas has begun an ambitious policy of
engagement in society, notably with a clear energy transition
strategy and initiatives in favour of ethical responsibility.
Aware of the need to integrate the Group’s CSR strategy into
its business model, in 2022, Mr. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé
presented a 2025 strategic plan entitled GTS (Growth,
Technology, Sustainability), approved by the Board of
directors, whose Sustainability pillar aims to accelerate the
Group’s commitments in terms of sustainable finance around
five priority areas aligned with client objectives and the
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (Sustainable
savings, investments and financing; Transition towards
carbon neutrality; Circular economy; Natural capital &
biodiversity; Combatting exclusion). The Group has notably
undertaken an alignment of portfolios to achieve
carbon‑neutrality objectives while laying out a CO2 emissions
reduction trajectory corresponding to financing of the sectors
with the highest levels of emissions and aligning business
lines with shared objectives taking into account client
transitions. Under the direction of Mr. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé,
the integrated model and all of the Group’s business lines are
fully mobilised and committed to supporting customers in
their transition to a sustainable and low‑carbon economy.
Among his various mandates, Mr. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé is
Vice‑Chairman of Entreprises pour l’Environnement, an
association that brings together some sixty major French and
international companies from all sectors of the economy,

2

committed to the ecological transition; he is also a member
of the Board of directors of the La France s'engage
Foundation, whose objective is to promote the commitment of
civil society in innovative, solidarity‑based initiatives that are
useful to as many people as possible.
■ Mr. Jacques Aschenbroich (Independent director): Chairman

of the Board of directors of Orange, former Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of Valeo, Mr. Jacques Aschenbroich has
proven expertise in sustainable development, both in terms
of governance and environmental and social management.
The groups that he chairs or has previously led have made
strong commitments in terms of reducing and neutralising
their greenhouse gas emissions. Among his various mandates,
Mr Jacques Aschenbroich, until 2023, was Vice‑Chairman of
the Institut de la Finance Durable, which aims to coordinate,
federate and accelerate the action of the Paris financial
centre to achieve the ecological transition and transform the
economy towards a low‑carbon and inclusive model, aligned
with the objectives of the Paris Agreement and the UN
Sustainable Development Goals. Mr. Jacques Aschenbroich is
Chairman of the Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR
Committee and a member of the Financial Statements
Committee, which monitors the process of preparing and
publishing sustainability information.

2

■ Ms.

Juliette Brisac (Director representing employee
shareholders): Ms. Juliette Brisac has been Chairwoman of
the Supervisory Board of FCPE Actionnariat Monde since 2020
and a director of BNP Paribas since 18 May 2021. She is Head
of Governance and Permanent Control of the Corporate
Engagement Department of the BNP Paribas Group (1), whose
mission is to define and implement the strategy of
engagement in the main sectors related to the future of
society, such as economic development, the environment and
the energy and climate transition, social integration, regional
development, diversity and human rights. Ms. Juliette Brisac
is also a member of the internal association “Bénévolat de
Compétences et Solidarité”. Ms. Juliette Brisac is a member of
the Financial Statements Committee, which monitors the
process of preparing and publishing sustainability
information.

■ Ms. Monique Cohen (Independent director): Until 2024, Ms

Monique Cohen was Senior Advisor of Seven2, an
independent investment company specialising in the
financing of SMEs and mid‑sized companies in France and
continental Europe, including long‑term value creation based
on the sustainable development of its portfolio companies.
Through her experience and responsibilities, Ms. Monique
Cohen has proven skills in both the governance of the
organisation, one of the pillars of CSR, and the integration of
CSR into companies' business models. Ms. Monique Cohen is
a member of the Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR
Committee, which she previously chaired.

(1) From 1 January 2025. Previously, Ms. Juliette Brisac was Chief Operating Officer of the Corporate Engagement Department of the BNP Paribas Group.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

57

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

■ Ms. Marion Guillou (Independent director): Ms. Marion Guillou

is a food safety specialist. She was Chief Executive Officer of
food at the Ministry of Agriculture, headed the National Institute
of Agronomic Research and chaired the National Consortium for
Agriculture, Food, Animal Health and the Environment as well
as the French agronomic, veterinary and forestry institute Agreenium. Among her various offices, Ms. Marion Guillou is
Chairwoman of the French Academy of Agriculture, Chairwoman
of the Endowment Fund for the preservation of the biodiversity
of cultivated species and their wild relatives, Vice‑Chairwoman
of Care - France (NGO) and member of the Boards of directors
of Bioversity International, the International Centre for Tropical
Agriculture, the French Institute of International Relations and
the Haut Conseil pour le Climat. Ms. Marion Guillou is a
member of the Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR
Committee.
■ Ms. Daniela Schwarzer (Independent director): Ms. Daniela

Schwarzer is a leading expert in European and international
affairs. She is a member of the Management Board of the
Bertelsmann Foundation, which participates in the research and
financing of projects, in particular in the fields of education,
climate and digital transformation and topics related to Europe
and democracy. Ms. Daniela Schwarzer was previously
Executive Director for Europe and Central Asia of the Open
Society Foundation, a network of foundations whose objectives
are to promote democratic governance, human rights and
economic, social and legal reforms. Among her various offices,
Ms. Daniela Schwarzer is a member of the Boards of directors
of the Jacques‑Delors Institute, the German Institute of
International Relations (DGAP) and the Jean Monnet Institute.
Ms. Daniela Schwarzer is a member of the Governance, Ethics,
Nominations and CSR Committee and a member of the Financial

Statements Committee, which monitors the process
preparing and publishing sustainability information.

of

■ Digital transformation challenges and cybersecurity risks:
■ Mr. Jacques Aschenbroich (Independent director): Mr. Jacques

Aschenbroich is Chairman of the Board of directors of Orange,
one of the main telecommunications operators in the world,
which aims to become a leader in cybersecurity in Europe.
■ Ms. Marie‑Christine Lombard (Independent director): Ms.

Marie‑Christine Lombard is Chairwoman of the Management
Board of Geodis, a global leader in logistics, which uses the
most modern technologies to reduce costs and improve
supply chain efficiency (automation, robotics, sensors,
autonomous driving, advanced parcel tracking, data analysis
and artificial intelligence).
In terms of diversity, the Board of directors also complies with both
quantitative and qualitative criteria that it has set for itself, relating
to the number of directors, the balanced representation of women
and men, international experience and the diversity of nationalities,
age and seniority, which are added to the criteria of personal and
collective qualities (1).
Thus:
■ the Board of directors has 14 members (2);
■ the percentage of women is 55% excluding the three directors

representing employees or employee shareholders (3) (and 57%
including all directors);
■ the

Board of directors has members with international
backgrounds and experience (4);

■ four European nationalities are represented (5);
■ four directors are of a nationality other than French (6);
■ the balance in terms of age and seniority is respected.

(1) Section VI “Skills and diversity of the members of the Board of directors” of the Suitability policy.
(2) Including one executive director (Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé, Director and Chief Executive Officer) and thirteen non‑executive directors.
(3) In accordance with the provisions of the Copé-Zimmermann Act.
(4) Latin America, Asia, United States, Europe.
(5) German, Belgian and Dutch.
(6) I.e. at least 30% of the total number of directors and at least 40% of the number of directors appointed by the Annual General Meeting (excluding directors representing
employees).

58

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

The table below reflects this diversity within the Board of directors and lists more specific contributions made by each of the directors.

Director
Jean LEMIERRE
(Chairman)

Age(1)

Gender

74

M

Nationality

Areas of expertise

End of term of
office

French Banking/Finance
Risks/Regulation monitoring
International business operations
CSR
Geopolitics
AML/CFT

2026

2

Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ
(Director and Chief Executive Officer)

63

M

French Banking/Finance
Risks/Regulation monitoring
International business operations
CSR
AML/CFT

2025

Jacques ASCHENBROICH

70

M

French International business operations
Transformation
CSR
Digital/Cybersecurity

2026

Juliette BRISAC
(Director representing employee shareholders)

60

F

French Banking/Finance
Risks/Regulation monitoring
CSR

2027

Monique COHEN

68

F

French Banking/Finance
Risks/Regulation monitoring
CSR
AML/CFT

2026

Vanessa LEPOULTIER
(Director representing employees)

41

F

French Organisation representing employees

2027

Marie‑Christine LOMBARD

66

F

French Banking/Finance
International business operations
Transformation
Digital/Cybersecurity

2027

Lieve LOGGHE

56

F

Belgian Banking/Finance
International business operations
Transformation

2025

Hugues EPAILLARD
(Director representing employees)

58

M

French Organisation representing employees

2027

Marion GUILLOU

70

F

French Risks/Regulation monitoring
CSR
Technology

2025

Christian NOYER

74

M

French Banking/Finance
Economy/Monetary policies
Risks/Regulation monitoring
International business operations
AML/CFT

2027

Daniela SCHWARZER

51

F

German Economy/Monetary policies
CSR
Geopolitics
AML/CFT

2026

Annemarie STRAATHOF

62

F

Dutch Banking/Finance
Risks/Regulation monitoring
AML/CFT

2027

Michel TILMANT

72

M

Belgian Banking/Finance
Risks/Regulation monitoring
International business operations
AML/CFT

2025

(1) At 31 December 2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

59

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Furthermore, the additional information referred to in article
L.22‑10‑10 of the French Commercial Code relating to employees is
shown in sections 7.1.4 Significant actions in the area of gender
equality and 7.2 The system concerning employees of this
document (1).

1.c

Directors’ ethical conduct

As far as the Board is aware, there are no potential conflicts of
interests between BNP Paribas and any of the directors. The
Suitability policy requires directors to report any situation likely to
constitute a conflict of interest to the Chairman, the Board of
directors may then ask the director in question to refrain from taking
part in voting on the relevant issues.
As far as the Board is aware, none of the Board members has been
found guilty of fraud or been associated, as member of an
administrative, management or supervisory body, or as Chief
Executive Officer, with any insolvency, receivership or liquidation
proceedings during at least the last five years.
As far as the Board is aware, no member of the Board of directors is
subject to any official public accusation and/or penalty. No director
has been prohibited from acting in an official capacity during at least
the last five years.
There are no arrangements or agreements with key shareholders,
customers, suppliers or other persons that involve the selection of
any member of the Board of directors.
The directors must carry out their duties in a responsible manner,
particularly as regards the regulations relating to insider dealing.
They are notably required to comply with legal requirements
relating to being in possession of insider information. Under the
terms of the Internal Rules, they must also refrain from carrying out
any transactions in BNP Paribas shares that could be regarded as
speculative (article 4.3.1 of the Internal Rules). They are informed of
the periods during which they may, except in special circumstances,
carry out any transactions in BNP Paribas shares (article 4.3.1 of the
Internal Rules).

1.d Directors’ training and information
Pursuant to the Internal Rules, every director can ask the Chairman
or the Chief Executive Officer to provide them with all the documents
and information required to enable them to carry out their duties, to
participate effectively in the meetings of the Board of directors and

to make informed decisions, provided that such documents are
necessary to the decisions to be taken and connected with the
Board’s powers (article 3.4.1 of the Internal Rules).
The directors have unrestricted and continuous access to the
minutes of meetings of the Board’s specialised committees and the
minutes of Board meetings using a special digital tool. This system
also provides directors with a range of useful information in a secure
and timely manner to facilitate them in their work. It is possible to
use this system to provide e‑learning training modules to directors.
Committee meetings provide an opportunity to update the directors
on the topical issues on the agenda. In addition, the Board is kept
informed of changes in the banking regulations and reference texts
concerning governance and can be trained on such occasions.
The Company also dedicates the human and financial resources
required for the training of the directors. Thus, each year, three
half‑days of training (each with two sessions) are organised for
directors (generally in March, June and September). On this
occasion, presentations may be organised by internal experts on
various topics related to banking and finance, accounting and
prudential matters, regulations applicable to the Bank, any area
related to the Group’s strategy, as well as on current topics related
in particular to CSR (for example, Taxonomy; Green Asset Ratio;
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive; Sustainable Finance
Disclosure Regulation (SFDR)) and digital transformation (e.g. digital
assets and blockchain; fintech partnerships and investments;
artificial intelligence). [sustainability statements]
In 2024, Directors received training on (i) the Corporate
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), (ii) the Group’s activities in
the Nordic countries, (iii) the activities of BNP Paribas Cardif, (iv)
IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 accounting standards on insurance and the
prudential treatment of insurance activities, (v) artificial intelligence
and (vi) regulatory issues related to elections in the United States. It
was also the opportunity for directors to meet with the relevant
managers in the Group.
In respect of 2024, one of the directors representing the employees
attended two external training sessions dedicated respectively to
employee directors and directors in the banking sector, and started a
certification training course as a company director. The directors
representing employees and the director representing employee
shareholders also benefit, like any other director, from trainings
provided by BNP Paribas as described above, in addition to their
external training.

(1) This information supplements the description of the diversity policy applied to members of the Board of directors.

60

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

1.e Directors’ attendance at Board and Committee meetings in 2024
Director

Board of directors

Specialised committees

Individual attendance rates

J. LEMIERRE

100%

100%

J.-L. BONNAFÉ

100%

100%

J. ASCHENBROICH

100%

100%

100%

J. BRISAC

100%

100%

100%

P. A. de CHALENDAR(1)

100%

100%

100%

M. COHEN

100%

100%

100%

H. EPAILLARD

100%

100%

100%

M. GUILLOU

100%

100%

100%

V. LEPOULTIER(2)

100%

100%

100%

M.-C. LOMBARD

83%

100%

88%

L. LOGGHE

100%

100%

100%

C. NOYER

100%

81%

89%

D. SCHWARZER

100%

100%

100%

A. STRAATHOF(3)

100%

100%

100%

M. TILMANT

100%

100%

100%

S. VERRIER(4)

100%

100%

100%

Average

99%

99%

99%

(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)

2.

2

The term of office of Mr. Pierre André de Chalendar expired at the end of the Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting of 14 May 2024.
The term of office of Ms. Vanessa Lepoultier began on 16 February 2024.
The term of office of Ms. Annemarie Straathof began at the end of the Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting of 14 May 2024.
The term of office of Ms. Sandrine Verrier ended on 15 February 2024.

THE WORK OF THE BOARD AND COMMITTEES IN 2024

2.a The work of the Board in 2024
Meetings

12

Including extraordinary
meetings

2

Average attendance
rate

99%

Strategy
seminar

1

Executive
sessions

5

The Board of directors, which determines BNP Paribas’ strategy and
overall business objectives based on proposals submitted by the
Executive Management and with the aim of promoting long‑term
value creation in the light of social and environmental issues:

■ authorised the reduction of the share capital by cancelling the

■ monitored the Group’s results over the first nine months of

■ reviewed the issuance amounts of debt securities in the form of

2024, confirming the 2024 trajectory in terms of revenue
growth, positive jaws effect, cost of risk and net income growth;

■ sub‑delegated the power to decide on the issue of deeply

■ proposed to the Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting of 14

May 2024, the payment of a cash dividend of EUR 4.60 in
respect of 2023, i.e. a distribution of 50% of the distributable
income for 2023 increased to 60% with the launch of a share
buyback programme;
■ approved the launch of a share buyback programme of EUR

1.055 billion corresponding to 10% of the distributable income
for 2023 (see previous point), the execution of which it
monitored during 2024;

shares repurchased under the share buyback programme (see
previous point) and delegated the powers necessary to carry
out the material capital decrease;
senior debt and subordinated and hybrid debt;
subordinated bonds convertible into shares with cancellation of
preferential subscription rights (AT1 bonds);
■ heard the Chief Executive Officer’s report on the issue of super

subordinated bonds convertible into shares with cancellation of
preferential subscription rights (AT1 bonds) and approved the
terms of the additional report made available to shareholders
and which will be brought to the attention of the shareholders
at the Annual General Meeting of 14 May 2024;
■ renewed the delegations of authority for the issuance of debt

securities, particularly for bonds and similar securities;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

61

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

■ was informed of the progress of the HR strategy as well as the

■ approved the management report for 2023;

results of targeted surveys conducted among employees
measuring their satisfaction and quality of life at work;

■ received the Executive Management’s comments on the net

margin generated on new lending in 2023 and in the first half of
2024;

■ was

informed of the status of gender equality within
BNP Paribas in 2024;

■ reviewed the provisional results of the Supervisory Review and

Evaluation Process led by the ECB in respect of 2024;

■ reviewed the related‑party agreements entered into and

authorised in previous years but still in force in 2023;

■ ensured that there was no impact in terms of liquidity for the

Bank and the political and economic context in Europe and in
France;
■ examined the Group’s positioning compared to its European

■ renewed the authorisation relating to the delegation of

responsibility for internal control by regulated subsidiaries;
■ approved

the changes to its governance following the
observations made by the ECB.

peers for the 2023 financial year;
■ monitored changes in the shareholding structure and share

price;
■ was informed of the reaction of analysts and investors to the

2023 annual results and the results of the first half‑year 2024;
■ was informed of the content of exchanges between the

Chairman of the Board of directors and investors about the
Bank’s governance;
■ reviewed and approved the answers to written questions

submitted by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of 14
May 2024;
■ examined the Group’s budget for the 2025 financial year as well

as the economic assumptions used to prepare it;
■ approved the acquisition by BNP Paribas Cardif of 9% of the

share capital of ageas;
■ approved the acquisition by BNP Paribas Cardif of 100% of the

share capital of Neuflize Vie;
■ approved the acquisition by BNP Paribas Cardif of 100% of the
share capital of AXA Investment Managers;
■ was informed of BNP Paribas’ activities in the Americas region;
■ monitored

the implementation
information systems strategy;

of

the

Group’s

IT

and

■ monitored the continuation of the Group’s exit strategy from the

Russian Federation approved by the Executive Management as
well as the Group’s residual exposure;
■ took note of the highlights of 2023 and the outlook for 2024 in

terms of the Group CSR policy, in terms of economic, social,
civic and environmental responsibility;

As in previous years, Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM)
representatives from the ECB and representatives of the French
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (ACPR) attended the
Board of directors’ meeting of 27 February 2024. They outlined their
priorities for banking supervision for 2024, which were followed by
an exchange of views with the members of the Board.
The Board of directors met on 18 December 2024 for an annual
strategic seminar devoted, among other things, to the execution of
the GTS 2025 Plan and the issues faced by the business lines within
Commercial, Personal Banking & Services, Corporate & Institutional
Banking and Investment & Protection Services.

Executive sessions
In addition to the assessments of the performance and
compensation of the executive corporate officers, which were
discussed outside their presence, five meetings of directors were
held in the form of “executive sessions” on the Group’s challenges
and operations, of which three as a follow‑up to the training sessions
provided during the year. During these three sessions, the directors
had the opportunity to interact with the operational managers
concerned.
Finally, the Chairman and the non‑executive directors had
discussions both on strategy and on their perception of interactions
between the Board of directors and the Group’s Executive
Management.

2.b Work performed by the Financial Statements
Committee and work approved by the Board
of directors in 2024
Number
of members

■ examined the Group’s Climate Report for 2023 presenting the

Group’s progress and achievements in terms of the energy
transition, the new target of achieving 90% low carbon in the
Group's energy production financing by 2030, the progress
made for the six sectors for which alignment targets have been
set in 2022 and 2023 (oil and gas, electricity, automotive, steel,
aluminium and cement) as well as the publication of new
alignment targets for three sectors (air transport, maritime
transport and commercial real estate);

6

4

Attendance
rate

100%

Examination of the financial statements and financial
information
The Financial Statements Committee:
■ conducted quarterly reviews of the financial statements based

on the documents and information provided by the Executive
Management and the work carried out by the Statutory
Auditors;

■ was informed of the opinion of the Central Social and Economic

Committee on the Group’s economic and financial situation as
well as the elements of a response to the observations made on
the intermediary report of the GTS 2025 Plan;

Meetings

■ each quarter, analysed summary reports of the consolidated

results and annualised return on equity, as well as results and
profitability by business area;
■ reviewed the Group’s consolidated balance sheet and changes

thereto on a quarterly basis. On this occasion, it was informed
of changes in off‑balance sheet commitments;

62

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

■ each quarter, reviewed the report on internal audit control

points flagged by Group entities in the context of the
certification of their financial statements. It analysed the
change in the risk level observed for each of the major
accounting controls;
■ reviewed changes in equity and the capital adequacy ratio with

regard to the new prudential solvency regulations and new
requirements imposed by the regulator;

It reviewed the section of the management report concerning the
internal control procedures relating to the preparation and
processing of accounting and financial information in respect of
2023; it recommended its approval by the Board of directors.
The Board:
■

■ reviewed trends in revenues and the cost/income ratio by

business for each quarter;
■ kept track of the changes in prudential requirements and

reviewed changes in risk‑weighted assets;

■

■

■ reviewed the provisions for litigation;
■ reviewed goodwill;
■ analysed the composition and changes in the Group’s balance

sheet;

■

■ acknowledged, each quarter, the adjustments made to the

Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA), the Debt Valuation
Adjustment (DVA) and the Funding Valuation Adjustment (FVA);

■

■ monitored, on a semi‑annual basis, the implementation of the

recommendations of the General Inspection on accounting and
financial risk, the recommendation of the Statutory Auditors on
internal control and the recommendation of the ECB;

■

■ reviewed the resolutions relating to the approval of the parent

company and consolidated financial statements for 2023, the
allocation of income for the year ended 31 December 2023 and
the payment of the dividend;
■ reviewed the draft press release on the Group’s results each

quarter;
■ took note of the transfer to the U.S. SEC and U.S. CFTC of the

simplified quarterly reporting based on 31 December 2023;
■ was informed of the proposed updates to the Independence

Policy applicable to the Group’s Statutory Auditors;
■ was informed of the work carried out by the Group regarding its

was informed of all the work of the Financial Statements
Committee and the findings of the Statutory Auditors at
the end of each reporting period;

approved the annual company and consolidated financial
statements for 2023, the allocation of income for the year
ended 31 December 2023 and the payment of the
dividend;
approved draft press releases at each meeting held to
discuss the results;
acknowledged the report of the discussions held by the
Financial Statements Committee with the Statutory
Auditors and the Chief Financial Officer, without the
presence of the Executive Management;
approved the section of the management report on the
preparation and processing of accounting and financial
information in respect of 2023.

Relations with the Statutory Auditors
The Financial Statements Committee received their annual
certificate of independence from the Statutory Auditors.
It took note of the draft engagement letter of both the Statutory
Auditors and the sustainability auditors for the year ended 31
December 2024.
In the absence of the Statutory Auditors, the Financial Statements
Committee:
■ reviewed the document relating to the identification and

Each quarter, when reviewing the results, the Financial Statements
Committee:

■ gave its prior authorisation for a recurring assignment by one of

the

Corporate

Sustainability

■ heard the Group’s Chief Financial Officer, his deputy and the

person responsible for accounting and financial reporting;
■ interviewed the Group’s Chief Financial Officer and asked the

questions it considered necessary, without the presence of the
Executive Management or the Statutory Auditors;
■ heard the Statutory Auditors’ comments and conclusions on the

quarterly and annual financial statements;
■ asked the Statutory Auditors the questions it considered

necessary, without the presence of the Group’s Executive
Management or the Group Chief Financial Officer;

2

reviewed the results of the fourth quarter of 2023,
full‑year 2023 and the first three quarters of 2024;

Reporting

compliance with
Directive (CSRD).

2

publication of the Statutory Auditors’ fees for 2023;
the Statutory Auditors, for which the amount of fees (excluding
tax) exceeded EUR 1 million;
■ took note of the distribution of mandates between the Statutory

Auditors for the 2024‑2029 period;
■ examined the appointment of the sustainability auditors in

accordance with the provisions of the Corporate Sustainability
Reporting Directive (CSRD) and took note of the nature and
schedule of their work.
The Board:
■

approved the appointment of the sustainability auditors.

■ reviewed the accounting certification mechanisms as part of the

internal control procedures.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

63

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2.c

Work performed by the Financial Statements
Committee and the Internal Control, Risk
Management and Compliance Committee in
their joint meetings, and work approved by
the Board of directors in 2024
Number
of members

10

Meetings

3

2.d Work performed by the Internal Control, Risk
Management and Compliance Committee and
work approved by the Board of directors in
2024
Number
of members

Attendance
rate

6

96%

The committees:
■ reviewed

the findings of the Internal Capital Adequacy
Assessment Process testifying to the Group’s ability to continue
its activities while maintaining an adequate level of
capitalisation and effectively managing its risks and took note
of the draft Capital Adequacy Statement;

■ took note of the Statutory Auditors’ audit plan for 2024;
■ discussed whether the prices of the products and services

The Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee:
■ took note of the Annual Internal control report for 2023 in its

permanent control and operational risk component, including
the assessment by the RISK Function of the management of
operational risk in terms of information technology and
communication, outsourcing and fraud;
■ reviewed the Risk Appetite Statement (RAS), the overall risk

limits and those applicable by division as well as the proposals
for the introduction of new risk indicators or new thresholds for
limits, notably in terms of counterparty risk and Environmental,
Social and Governance (ESG) risks;

■ reviewed the ACPR letter notifying the Group’s Global
Systemically Important Bank score;
■ were informed of the way in which the Bank was managing its

portfolio of internal models in the context of the Basel 3 review;
Inspection Charter.
The Board:
■ was informed of all the work performed jointly by the
Financial Statements Committee and the Internal Control,
Risk Management and Compliance Committee;
■

■

approved the process conducted by the Executive
Management to assess the internal capital adequacy and
its conclusions;
approved the amendments to the General Inspection
Charter.

96%

Risks

■ reviewed the main disputes and ongoing proceedings giving rise

■ examined the proposals for amendments to the General

9

Attendance
rate

Since 19 May 2020, the Internal Control, Risk Management and
Compliance Committee and the Financial Statements Committee
have at least one joint member to support the work of the
committees on the appropriateness of the risks and provisions
recognised by the Bank.

proposed to customers are compatible with the risk strategy (in
accordance with the provisions of CRD 5);
or likely to give rise to provisions;

Meetings

■ reviewed the renewal of risk limits for specific sectors and

activities;
■ monitored the action plans selected following the breach of

certain risk indicator limits;
■ took note of the report on the Bank’s Internal Liquidity Adequacy

Assessment Process and of the draft Liquidity Adequacy
Statement;
■ reviewed the report prepared for 2023 on the assessment and

monitoring of risks, in accordance with the provisions of the
order of 3 November 2014 on the internal control of companies
in the banking, payment services and investment services
sectors subject to the control of the ACPR;
■ monitored the deployment plan of the cybersecurity programme

within the Group, its action plan, the priority topics and the
related budget on a semi‑annual basis. It was informed of the
progress of the DORA (Digital Operational Resilience Act)
directive programme within the Group. It noted that no major
incident had been detrimental to the Group during the second
half‑year 2023 and the first half‑year 2024;
■ reviewed the dashboard presented quarterly by the Head of

RISK and reviewed the evolution of market risks, credit and
counterparty risks, operational risk, liquidity risk, interest rate
risk and equity risk in the banking book, insurance risk, model
risk as well as ESG indicators;
■ was informed of the governance and liquidity risk management

procedures;

64

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

■ was informed of the management of interest rate risk in the

■ reviewed the draft Annual internal control report for 2023 in its

banking book in a context of a prolonged inversion of the yield
curve with short‑term rates higher than long‑term rates;

compliance component, including the assessment by the
Compliance Function of the risks of non‑compliance in terms of
financial security, market integrity, protection of customers’
interests and corruption;

■ reviewed the adequacy of the Group’s compensation policy and

practices to its risk profile;
■ ensured the independence of the Head of RISK, the Head of

Group Compliance and the Head of General Inspection and
reported to the Remuneration Committee on its findings.

2

■ reviewed the draft Annual periodic control report for 2023,

including notably the activity report of the General Inspection in
respect of the 2023 audit plan;

2

■ reviewed the Annual Reports on the organisation of internal

control systems in terms of anti‑money laundering, combating
financing of terrorism and BNP Paribas (SA)’s freezing of assets
on a standalone and consolidated basis;

The Board:
■

■

■
■

■

■

was informed of all the committee’s work on the Group’s
risks and liquidity;

■ reviewed the classification of the Group and BNP Paribas (SA)’s

approved the forwarding to the ACPR of the operational
risk and permanent control components of the internal
control report;

risks in terms of anti‑money laundering and combating the
financing of terrorism in accordance with the order relating to
the system and internal control on anti‑money laundering and
combatting the financing of terrorism, the freezing of assets,
ban on the provision or use of funds or economic resources;

approved changes to the Group’s RAS;
approved the liquidity risk tolerance level and the
policies, procedures and internal systems relating to
liquidity risk;

■ reviewed the MiFID II systems put in place within BNP Paribas

(SA) and the measures in progress to complete the
implementation and remedy the malfunctions identified, the
results of the controls carried out in 2023 by the Business lines
and Compliance on the compliance of systems in place to meet
MiFID II requirements as well as the system in place in terms of
product governance and employee knowledge and skills;

approved the forwarding of the risk measurement and
monitoring report to the ACPR;
approved the renewal of the sector budgets.

■ reviewed the Annual Report on conflicts of interest relating to

Ad hoc work
The Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee:
■ was informed, at each of its meetings, of risks related to current

events, such as changes in the cost of risk, the management of
BNP Paribas’ sovereign bond portfolio and the development of
the programme to strengthen control and compliance systems
for its market activities;
■ was

informed of the ECB’s draft report following its
cross‑functional review on Leveraged Transactions.

The Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee
and the Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR
Committee, at a joint meeting, also examined the progress made in
2024 in terms of the operational integration of ESG risk factors as
part of the Bank’s risk management framework.

the system put in place under MiFID II to prevent and manage
conflicts of interest that may arise in the provision of an
investment or related service, regarding transactional and
non‑transactional conflicts of interest;
■ reviewed the results of the annual assessment of corruption

risks for 2023;
■ took note of the analysis of the Bank’s 2023 recovery plan

carried out by the ECB and examined the 2024 recovery plan as
well as the various recovery options;
■ reviewed the European regulatory developments in terms of

resolution and was informed of the Group’s Minimum
Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) to be
reached by May 2024 set by the Single Resolution Board;
■ reviewed the implementation of the Group’s outsourcing policy;
■ regularly reviewed the main disputes and ongoing proceedings

The Board was informed of all the ad hoc work of the
Committee.

and the progress of the main cases;
■ reviewed the completeness and evolution of the results of the

periodic control in 2023;

Compliance, internal control, litigation and periodic
control

■ reviewed the General Inspection’s half‑year report;

The Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee:
■ reviewed the draft Annual Report on internal control for 2023

presenting the internal control system and the highlights of
2023 for each of the control functions (Compliance, LEGAL, RISK
and General Inspection) in terms of organisation and activity;

■ reviewed the Compliance Function’s half‑year report;
■ regularly monitored the deployment of the 2024 audit plan and

the results of the General Inspection missions;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

65

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

the system for identifying politically exposed persons and the
quality of BNP Paribas’ PEP customer risk;

and managerial terms as well as her legitimacy as Chairwoman
of the Supervisory Board of FCPE Actionnariat Monde, which is
predominant in employee shareholding;

■ regularly took note of the fines imposed on the Bank by

■ proposed that the Board submit to the vote of the Shareholders’

■ took note of the follow‑up letter to the ACPR control report on

Annual General Meeting the appointment of Ms. Annemarie
Straathof as a director after ensuring that she met the criteria
defined in the Suitability policy;

supervisors.
The Board:
■

■

was informed of all the Committee’s work on internal
control, risks and compliance;
approved the forwarding to the ACPR of the annual
internal control report in its compliance and permanent
control component;

■ proposed the appointment of Mr. Bertrand de Mazières as a

non‑voting director as of 1 October 2024;
■ reviewed the situation of each of the directors and decided to

propose that the Board of directors appoint:
■

■ approved the forwarding to the ACPR and the ECB of the
annual periodic control report;
■

■

■

■

approved the forwarding to the ACPR of reports on the
organisation of internal control systems on anti‑money
laundering and combating the financing of terrorism, as
well as on asset freezing;

■

took note of the state of play and the measures underway
concerning the implementation of the MiFID II regulation;
approved the 2024 recovery plan.

■

The committee interviewed the Heads of the RISK, Compliance,
LEGAL and General Inspection Functions, without the presence of the
Executive Management.
The Board heard the reports of the interviews.

4

Meetings

6

Ms. Lieve Logghe, in addition to her participation in the
Financial Statements Committee, as a member of the
Remuneration Committee as of the Shareholders’ Annual
General Meeting of 14 May 2024,
Ms. Annemarie Straathof, as a member of the Internal
Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee as of
the Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting of 14 May 2024,
Mr. Christian Noyer, in addition to chairing the Financial
Statements Committee and participating in the Internal
Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee, as a
member of the Remuneration Committee as of 1 January
2025;

offices outside the Group, as provided for in the Suitability
policy;
■ continued its review of changes to the composition of the Board

Attendance
rate

100%

of directors and appointed an external firm to identify candidate
independent directors on an ongoing basis.
The Board:
■

■

Changes in the membership of the Board and its
Specialised committees

■

The Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR Committee:
■ reviewed the expiry dates of the directors’ terms of office and

proposed that the Board of directors submit to the vote of the
Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting the renewal of the terms
of office expiring in 2024, namely those of Mr. Christian Noyer
and Ms. Marie‑Christine Lombard. It was not proposed to renew
the term of office of Mr. Pierre‑André de Chalendar, due to his
12‑year term of office at BNP Paribas, as he no longer meets the
criteria of the Corporate Governance Code defining an
independent director;

■

■ concerning the director representing employee shareholders,

examined the four candidates for the term of office of director
representing employee shareholders and recommended to the
Board of directors the reappointment of Ms. Juliette Brisac given
her experience, her background, her technical skills in financial

66

Ms. Marie‑Christine Lombard, as Chairwoman of the
Remuneration Committee as of the Shareholders’ Annual
General Meeting of 14 May 2024,

■ reviewed the situation of directors asked to take up corporate

2.e Work performed by the Corporate
Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR
Committee and work approved by the Board
of directors in 2024
Number
of members

■

Ms. Vanessa Lepoultier, as a member of the Financial
Statements Committee from 16 February 2024,

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

■

proposed that the Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting
renew the terms of office of the directors in question;
proposed the appointment of Annemarie Straathof as a
director to the Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting;
recommended that the Shareholders' Annual General
Meeting vote favourably to reappoint Ms. Juliette Brisac
as Director representing the employee shareholders;
appointed as from 16 February 2024, Ms. Vanessa
Lepoultier as a member of the Financial Statements
Committee, as from the Shareholders’ Annual General
Meeting of 14 May 2024, Ms. Marie‑Christine Lombard as
Chairwoman of the Remuneration Committee, Ms. Lieve
Logghe, as a member of the Remuneration Committee and
Ms. Annemarie Straathof as a member of the Internal
Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee
and as from 1 January 2025, Mr. Christian Noyer, as a
member of the Remuneration Committee;
validated the appointment of Mr. Bertrand de Mazières as
a non‑voting director as of 1 October 2024.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Governance

2

■ proposed to the Board of directors an action plan including in

The Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR Committee:
■ reviewed the updated pool of potential independent directors

identified, on an ongoing basis, by an external firm;
■ carried out the annual review of the potential successor(s) for

the Chairman of the Board of directors and the Chief Executive
Officer who could be proposed to the Board of directors in the
event of temporary or permanent disability or death of the
position holder;

particular the search for new directors with strong experience
in corporate management, technological issues and/or
international affairs as well as the presence of the heads of the
RISK and Compliance functions and the Inspection Générale
during the restitution of their annual hearing.
The Board approved the action plan following the 2023
assessment.

2

■ examined the proposals for amendments to the Board of

directors’ Internal Rules and the Suitability policy aimed, in
particular, at implementing the ECB’s observations and at
reflecting the new missions of the Financial Statements
Committee concerning sustainability and the monitoring of
periodic control;
■ reviewed the report on the current agreements entered into

between BNP Paribas (SA) or one of its subsidiaries and the
directors, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating
Officers, in accordance with the procedure for current
agreements entered into under normal conditions;
■ ascertained the assessment of Key function holders by the

Human Resources Department;
■ was informed of the implementation and outcome of the

controls related to the Corporate governance policy applicable
to all subsidiaries within BNP Paribas’ prudential scope of
consolidation;
■ reviewed the draft Corporate governance report for 2023.

■

■

The Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR Committee,
in accordance with its powers, devoted one meeting to reviewing the
main actions taken during the past year to strengthen the Conduct
framework within the Group. In particular, it reviewed the results of
the various Conduct indicators, including those related to respect for
people and customer perception and examined the implementation
of standards, decision‑making processes and incident management
frameworks within the Group.
It examined the proposals for updating the Code of conduct and its
annex on corruption, in particular the update of the illustrative cases
described in the code, and proposed its approval to the Board of
directors.
The Board:
■ approved the update of the Code of conduct and its annex on

corruption;
■ continued to monitor the deployment of the Code of conduct

within the Group’s subsidiaries and regions.

The Board:
■

Monitoring of the Conduct framework

Directors’ compensation

approved the amendments to the Internal Rules and the
Board of directors’ Suitability policy;

Prior to the Board of director’s approval of the allocation of
compensation to each director as well as the non‑voting director for
2024, the Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR
Committee reviewed the actual attendance of each director and the
non‑voting director at the Board and Committee meetings.

concluded that all the agreements between BNP Paribas
(SA) or one of its subsidiaries and the directors, the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officers that
were examined were ordinary agreements entered into
under normal conditions;

Social and Environmental Responsibility
The Committee:

approved the Corporate governance report for 2023.

■ reviewed the Group’s social and environmental responsibility

report and took note of the Group’s main progress and
achievements in 2023 in the area of economic, social, civic and
environmental responsibility;

Assessment of the Board of directors
The Committee:
■ monitored the implementation of the action plan resulting from

the assessment carried out in 2023 which resulted in more
sessions on CSR topics open to all directors;
■ acknowledged the results of the assessment of the Board of

directors conducted by an external firm for 2023. The
evaluation highlighted the strong involvement of the Chairman
of the Board of directors, the high quality, commitment and
diversity of the directors’ experience, as well as their
complementarity. It noted the trust, transparency and mutual
respect that reign between the directors, as well as between
the Chairman of the Board of directors and the Director and
Chief Executive Officer;

■ was notably informed of the results for 2023 of each of the 10

indicators of the 2022‑2025 CSR dashboard covering the Bank’s
four CSR pillars (economic, social, civic and environmental
responsibility) as well as the publication of the green asset
ratio;
■ reviewed the statement made on behalf of the Group’s entities

under the UK and Australian Modern Slavery Acts (“Modern
Slavery Act 2015” in the United Kingdom and “Modern Slavery
Act 2018” in Australia) to ensure that their activities are free
from human trafficking and slavery. This statement is included
in the Group’s social and environmental responsibility report;
■ was informed of the Group’s policy on diversity, equality and

inclusion, particularly in terms of gender
management bodies and strategic priorities;

balance

in

■ proposed that the Board approve the appointment of the

Financial Statements Committee as a Specialised committee in
charge of new missions concerning sustainability information.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

67

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

The Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR Committee and the
Financial Statements Committee, meeting jointly, examined the
publication of the estimates of greenhouse gas emissions financed by
the counterparties, the preliminary results of the analysis of double
materiality under the CSRD directive, as well as the draft plan and
content of the new sustainability report to be published for the first
time in 2025 with respect to 2024.

■ With regard to specific categories of personnel, in particular

employees whose professional activities have a significant
impact on the Group’s risk profile:
■

after receiving detailed information on the employees
belonging to the Group’s regulated population,
■
■

The Board:
■

■

■

■

approved the Group’s social and environmental
responsibility report, including the sections on the
vigilance plan and the extra‑financial performance
statement, with the amendments proposed by the
committee;

■

approved the statement made on behalf of the Group’s
entities on the United Kingdom’s “Modern Slavery Act
2015” and Australia’s “Modern Slavery Act 2018”;

■

appointed the Financial Statements Committee as the
Specialised committee in charge of new missions
concerning sustainability information.

■

■
■

2.f

Work performed by the Remuneration
Committee and work approved by the Board
of directors in 2024
Number
of members

Meetings

4

5

■

100%

■

■ With regard to the principles of the compensation policy:
■

■

■

■

68

carried out an annual review of the principles of the
compensation policy, and of the compensation, indemnities
and benefits of any kind granted in respect of the 2023
performance year to the corporate officers of the Group’s
significant subsidiaries in France falling within the set
threshold by law and having delegated these missions to the
Committee,

reviewed the 2024 published report on compensation paid
to the Group’s material risk takers for 2023;

reviewed the resolution on compensation paid in 2023 to the
Group’s material risk takers that is subject to an annual
advisory vote at the Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting of
14 May 2024,
audited the 2023 remuneration of the Group’s Head of RISK,
Head of Compliance and the Head of Inspection Générale,
was informed of the remuneration of Key function holders for
2023,
took note of the list of the highest paid employees in 2023,
reviewed the final parameters for determining the variable
compensation package for the Global Markets business line
in respect of 2023 performance and was informed of the final
package awarded and the way in which individual awards
were made for this business line;
reviewed, without the presence of the Executive
Management, the quantitative and qualitative performance
criteria related to the annual variable compensation of the
corporate officers and proposed to the Board to approve their
variable compensation for the 2023 performance year,
approved the information relating to the total compensation
and benefits of any kind awarded in respect of 2023 or paid
during the same year (“Say on pay”) to directors and
corporate officers of BNP Paribas (SA);

■ Concerning the directors:

The Remuneration Committee:
In respect of the year 2023

acknowledged the final scope of the Group’s material risk
takers,

■ Concerning the corporate officers:

Attendance
rate

One member of the Remuneration Committee is also a member of
the Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee,
promoting thereby the work of the Committee on the
appropriateness of BNP Paribas’ compensation principles and risk
policy, thus meeting the requirements of the French Monetary and
Financial Code.

reviewed the issues relating to their remuneration,

■

was informed of the final amount of the compensation
allocated to the directors for 2023;

In respect of the year 2024
■ With regard to the principles of the compensation policy:

was informed of the provisional results for 2023 of the
implementation of the reviews of compliance with the Code
of conduct, rules and regulations and the assessment and
control of risks for the Group’s Senior Management Position
(SMP) and material risk takers populations,
was informed of the summary of the Inspection Générale
report concerning the implementation of the review of Group
material risk takers’ compensation in respect of 2023,
was informed of the Bank’s response to the ECB’s request as
part of the horizontal assessment on compensation;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

■

■

■

reviewed the compensation policy for directors and corporate
officers applicable from the 2024 performance year,
reviewed the rules on deferred compensation and the
variable compensation payment terms applicable to the
Group’s material risk takers in 2024,
was informed of the actions carried out by the Group with
regard to the gender neutrality of the compensation policy,

■

took note of regulatory changes in the United Kingdom,

■

was informed of future regulatory changes;

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

■ Regarding specific categories of personnel:
■

■

■

took note of the scope of the Group’s material risk takers
identified as an initial estimate in respect of 2024,
reviewed the initial parameters used to determine the
variable compensation package for Global Markets’
employees for the 2024 performance year;

■

■ In addition to the regulated population, the Committee also

examined the annual variable compensation by operating
division;

■

reviewed the provisional distribution of the compensation
allocated to each director in respect of 2024 on the basis of
their actual attendance at Board and Committee meetings,
determined the terms and conditions of the non‑voting
director’s compensation, which are identical to those of a
director who is a member of a Committee and examined the
amount allocated to the latter for the 2024 financial year on
the basis of their actual attendance at Board and Committee
meetings;

2

In respect of the year 2025

■ Concerning the directors and the non‑voting director:
■

2

proposed that the Board submit to the vote of the
Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting of 14 May 2024 an
increase in the compensation package for directors from EUR
1.54 million to EUR 1.85 million, to take into account market
practices in terms of compensation of directors of French and
European banking institutions of a size and complexity lower
than or comparable to BNP Paribas,
proposed to the Board to modify the terms of compensation
of the directors in order to include the increase in the
package and to provide for an increased compensation for
the members of the Financial Statements Committee given
the greater workload of this Committee with new
responsibilities for sustainability reporting and the
monitoring of periodic control,

■ Concerning the corporate officers:
■

reviewed the level and structure of the compensation of
corporate officers based on benchmarks with a panel of
comparable European banks;

■ Concerning the directors:
■

reviewed the level of the compensation package allocated to
directors.

The Board:
■
■

■

■

■

■

■

■

was informed of all the Remuneration Committee’s work;
was informed by the Committee Chairman of the approach used to identify those employees whose professional activities have a
significant impact on the Company’s risk profile and the principles for their compensation as proposed by the Executive
Management for the 2024 performance year;
heard the Committee Chairman’s report on the appropriateness of the compensation of the Group’s Head of RISK, Head of
Compliance and Head of Inspection Générale for the 2023 performance year;
approved the principles of the compensation policies for directors and corporate officers submitted for approval to the
Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting of 14 May 2024;
approved, without the presence of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officers, the compensation policy for
directors and corporate officers for 2024;
reviewed and approved, without the presence of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officers, the assessment made
by the Committee of the quantitative and qualitative criteria related to the annual variable compensation of the executive
corporate officers for the performance year 2023;
approved the information relating to the total compensation and benefits of any kind awarded in respect of 2023 or paid during
the same year (“Say on pay”) to the directors and corporate officers of BNP Paribas (SA) and submitted for the approval of the
Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting of 14 May 2024;
approved the provisional split of the compensation allocated to the directors and the non‑voting director for 2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

69

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

INTERNAL RULES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS (1)
■ gives its prior approval with respect to all investment or

PREAMBLE

disinvestment decisions (other than portfolio transactions) in
an amount in excess of EUR 250 million, and any proposal to
acquire or dispose of shareholdings (other than portfolio
transactions) in excess of that threshold, submitted to it by the
Chief Executive Officer. It is also regularly informed by the Chief
Executive Officer of significant transactions which fall below
this limit;

The rules concerning:
■ the Board of directors;
■ the members of the Board of directors, including their rights

and obligations;
■ the Board of directors’ committees,

are set by the statutory and regulatory provisions, the Company’s
Articles of association, and these rules (in addition to these Internal
Rules of the Board of directors, there is the Policy on the suitability of
Members of the management body and Key function holders
mentioned in 1.3 below).
The Board of directors also takes into account the French market
guidelines concerning Corporate Governance and, in particular, the
provisions of the Corporate Governance Code of Listed Companies
published by the French employers’ organisations Association
française des entreprises privées (Afep) and the Mouvement des
entreprises de France (MEDEF), hereinafter called the Afep‑MEDEF
Code, to which BNP Paribas (the “Company”) refers.
The Board of directors is a collegial body that collectively represents
all shareholders and acts in all circumstances in the corporate
interests of the Company.

■ gives its prior approval to any significant strategic operation

which falls outside the approved orientations;
■ promotes long‑term value creation by BNP Paribas.

1.2. CODE OF CONDUCT
The Board of directors and the Executive Management have
developed a Code of conduct of BNP Paribas Group which defines the
standards of conduct in line with the values and missions
determined by the Bank. This Code, which shall be integrated by
each business line and each employee, governs the actions of each
employee and guides the decisions at every level of the organisation.
For this purpose, the Board ensures the Executive Management
implements this Code in business lines, countries and regions.

1.3. GOVERNANCE, INTERNAL CONTROL AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Board of directors is assisted by specialised committees:

The Board of directors:

■ Financial Statements Committee;

■ appoints the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and, on the

recommendation of the latter, the Chief Operating Officer(s)
(COO);

■ Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee;
■ Corporate

Governance,

Ethics,

Nominations

and

CSR

Committee;
■ Remuneration Committee;

as well as by any ad hoc committee.

■ sets any limits to the powers of the Chief Executive Officer and

of the Chief Operating Officer(s);
■ examines the system of governance, which includes, in

particular, a clear organisational structure with well defined,
transparent and consistent sharing of responsibilities, efficient
processes to identify, manage, monitor and report the risks to
which the Company is or might be exposed to; it periodically
assesses the efficiency of this governance system and ensures
that corrective measures have been taken to remedy any
failings;

PART ONE – THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS,
COLLEGIAL BODY
ARTICLE 1. DUTIES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board of directors discusses any question coming within the
scope of its statutory and regulatory duties and contributes to
promoting the corporate values aimed, in particular, to ensuring that
the conduct of BNP Paribas’ activities by its employees complies with
the highest ethical requirements in order to protect the reputation of
the Bank.
In particular and non‑exhaustively, the Board of directors is
competent in the following areas:

■ determines the orientations and controls their implementation

by the actual managers of the monitoring measures in order to
guarantee an effective and prudent management of the
Company, including the segregation of duties in the organisation
of the Company and the prevention of conflicts of interests;
■ ensures the fulfilment of the obligations which are incumbent

on it concerning internal control, and, in particular, examines,
at least twice a year, the activity and the results of the internal
control;

1.1. ORIENTATIONS AND STRATEGIC OPERATIONS
The Board of directors:
■ determines BNP Paribas’ business orientations and supervises

their implementation by the Executive Management, taking the
social and environmental challenges of BNP Paribas’ activities
into consideration;
■ subject to the powers expressly allocated to the Shareholders’

Meetings and within the limit of the corporate purpose, it
handles any issue concerning the smooth running of the
Company and settles by its decisions any matters concerning it;

■ approves the management report (including, in accordance with

legal provisions, information on sustainability in a separate
section) and the attached corporate governance report;
■ carries out the controls and verifications which it deems

appropriate;
■ ensures that the Chief Executive Officer and/or Chief Operating

(1) Version in force on 1 January 2025.

70

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Officer(s) implement a policy of non‑discrimination and of
diversity including gender balance in management bodies;

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

■ ensures the implementation of process for preventing and

■ decides, without prejudice to the powers of the Annual General

detecting corruption and influence‑peddling for which it
receives all the information required for that purpose;

Meeting, the remuneration of the managers who are corporate
officers, in particular their fixed and variable remuneration as
well as any other means of remuneration or benefit in kind.

■ examines and closes the financial statements and ensures their

sincerity;
■ reviews, at least once a year, the draft budgets and the drafts of

the various statutory and regulatory reports which the Chief
Executive Officer submits to it;
■ ratifies the Inspection Générale's annual budget, its audit plan

and its main changes during its execution;
■ prepares a Suitability policy that defines the assessment of

Members of the management body and of Key function holders
(the “Policy on the suitability of Members of the management
body and Key function holders”); the Board of directors (and its
committees) apply this policy and revise it regularly to account
in particular for any regulatory changes.

1.4. RISK MANAGEMENT
The Board of directors:
■ regularly examines, in connection with the strategy it has

defined, the opportunities and risks, such as financial, legal,
operational, social, and environmental risks, those linked to
money laundering and terrorist financing issues, as well as the
measures taken as a result;
■ as such, approves and regularly reviews the strategies and

policies governing the taking, management, monitoring and
reduction of the risks to which the Company is or might be
exposed to, including the risks caused by the economic
environment. In particular, the Board of directors approves the
global risk limits and puts into place a specific process
organising its information and, as the case may be, the referral
of the matter to it in the event these limits are exceeded.

1.5. COMMUNICATION
The Board of directors:
■ ensures

that the financial information disclosed to the
shareholders and the markets is of high quality;

■ controls

the process of financial publication and
communication, quality and reliability of the information
intended to be published and communicated by the Company.

1.6. REMUNERATION

2

Executive corporate officers do not take part in deliberations or
voting on their own compensation.

1.7. RESOLUTION
The Board of directors approves the preventive plan for the
institution’s recovery, as well as the elements necessary for the
establishment of the resolution plan, communicated to the
competent supervisory authorities and has put in place a specific
process organising its referral in the event of the activation of the
recovery dashboard.

2

1.8. RELATIONS WITH CONTROL FUNCTIONS
Once a year, the Head of Inspection Générale is interviewed by the
Financial Statements Committee, the Heads of RISK and Compliance
are interviewed by the Internal Control, Risk Management and
Compliance Committee (CCIRC) on the organisation, methods and
procedures used and on the work programme of these functions
within the Group, without the presence of the Executive
Management.
The Heads of RISK, Compliance and Inspection Générale participate
in the Board of directors’ meeting during which the Chairman of the
relevant committee reports on their annual hearing. During this
meeting, the heads of the control functions provide an update on
their respective areas and share their views on the conditions under
which they performed their duties with the Board of directors.
The Head of LEGAL is also interviewed once a year without the
presence of the Executive Management.
The Board is informed of the conclusions of the supervisory missions,
when the latter so request.
If necessary, without referring to the Executive Officers, the Heads of
the control functions have access to the Board of directors - or,
where applicable, its committees, in particular in the event of a
conflict of interest.
The Board of directors gives its approval for:
■ the appointment of the Head of Inspection Générale;
■ the dismissal of the Heads of RISK, Compliance and Inspection

Générale;

The Board of directors:

■ the modification of the Inspection Générale charter;

■ allocates, without prejudice to the powers of the Annual

■ the compensation (including its composition) of the Head of

General Meeting, the directors’ attendance fees;
■ adopts and regularly reviews the general principles of the

remuneration policy of the Group which relates, in particular, to
the categories of staff including the risk takers, staff engaged in
control functions and any employee who, given his or her
overall income, is in the same remuneration bracket as those
whose professional activities have an impact on the risk profile
of the Group;

Inspection Générale, ensuring that this is in line with his
objectives and evaluation.
On the basis of an opinion sent by the Financial Statements
Committee, the Board assesses the effectiveness of the Inspection
Générale.
The heads of the control functions are subject to the same rules of
ethics, confidentiality and professional conduct as the directors.

ARTICLE 2. FUNCTIONING OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS
2.1. ORGANISATION OF THE MEETINGS
The Board of directors meets at least four times a year and as often
as circumstances or BNP Paribas’ interest requires.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

71

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Notices of meetings may be communicated by the Secretary of the
Board.
The Secretary of the Board prepares all of the documents necessary
for the Board meetings and outs all of the documentation at the
disposal of the directors and other participants in the meetings.
An attendance register is kept, which is signed by the directors
taking part in the meeting. It mentions the names of the directors
considered as present.
The decisions of the Board of directors may be taken by written
consultation (including by electronic means), in accordance with the
deadlines and procedures provided for in the Articles of association.
Any director may object to this method.
The Board of directors’ decisions are recorded in minutes by the
Secretary of the Board which are entered into a special register, in
accordance with the laws in force. The Secretary of the Board of
directors is authorised to issue and certify copies or excerpts of the
Board minutes. Each set of Board minutes must be approved at a
subsequent Board meeting.

He ensures that principles of Corporate governance are defined and
implemented.
The Chairman is the custodian of the proper functioning of the Board
of directors of BNP Paribas.
As such:
■ with

the support of the Corporate Governance, Ethics,
Nominations and CSR Committee, with the approval of the
Board of directors and of the Annual General Shareholders’
Meeting, where appropriate, he endeavours to build an efficient
and balanced Board, and to manage replacement and
succession plan processes related to the Board of directors and
nominations on which it will have to opine;

■ the Chairman may participate in committee meetings without

this being systematic and add any subject to the agenda when
he considers it relevant;

The decisions of the Board of directors are carried out either by the
Chief Executive Officer, or a Chief Operating Officer, or by any special
representative appointed by the Board of directors.

■ he ensures that the directors have the documentation and

2.2. MEANS OF PARTICIPATION

3.1.2. Organisation of the work of the Board of directors

Directors taking part in the meeting by telecommunication means
enabling their identification, guaranteeing their effective
participation, transmitting at least the voices of the participants, and
meeting, through their technical features, the needs of
confidentiality, of continuous and simultaneous retransmission, shall
be deemed to be present for the purpose of calculating both the
quorum and the majority. The minutes state, as the case may be, the
occurrence of any technical incidents if they disturbed the conduct of
the meeting.

The Chairman organises and manages the work of the Board of
directors in order to allow it to carry out all of its duties. He sets the
timetable and agenda of Board meetings and convenes them.

PART TWO – THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS
ARTICLE 3. COMPOSITION, INFORMATION
AND SKILLS
3.1. CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
3.1.1. Relations with the Company’s other bodies and with
parties outside the Company
In relations with the Company’s other bodies and with parties
outside the Company, the Chairman of the Board of directors alone
has the power to act on behalf of the Board of directors and to
express himself in its name, except in exceptional circumstances,
and except where specific assignments or duties are entrusted by
the Board of directors to another director.

72

He ensures that the quality of relations with shareholders is
maintained, in close coordination with the work of the Executive
Management in this area.

information necessary to carry out their duties in a timely
manner and in a clear and appropriate form.

He ensures that the work of the Board of directors is well organised,
in a manner conducive to constructive discussion and
decision‑making. He directs the work of the Board of directors and
coordinates its work with that of the specialised committees.
He sees to it that the Board of directors devotes an appropriate
amount of time to issues relating to the future of the Company and
particularly its strategy.
The Chairman is regularly kept informed by the Chief Executive
Officer and other members of the Executive Management of
significant situations and events relating to the business of the
Group, particularly those relating to: deployment of strategy,
organisation, investment or disinvestment projects, financial
transactions, risks, financial statements.
The Chief Executive Officer provides the Chairman with all
information required under French law regarding the internal
control report.
He may ask the Chief Executive Officer or any manager, and in
particular, the heads of the control functions, for any information
likely to assist the Board and its committees in the carrying out of
their duties.

The Chairman makes sure that he maintains a close and trusting
relationship with the Executive Management. He provides it with his
assistance and his advice while respecting his executive
responsibilities. He organises his activities so as to ensure his
availability and put his experience at the Company’s service. He
contributes to promoting the values and image of the Company, both
within the Group and externally.

He may hear the Statutory Auditors in order to prepare the work of
the Board of directors and of the Financial Statements Committee.

Coordinating closely with the Executive Management, he can
represent the Group in its high level relationships, and particularly
with major clients, public authorities and the institutions on national,
European and international levels.

3.3. OTHER PARTICIPANTS
3.3.1. Non‑voting directors

3.2. DIRECTORS
They undertake to act in the corporate interest of BNP Paribas and to
comply with all of the provisions of these Internal Rules that are
applicable to them, and more specifically the procedures of the
Board of directors.

The non‑voting directors attend the meetings of the Board and of the
specialised committees in an advisory capacity.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

3.3.2. Statutory Auditors

ARTICLE 4. OBLIGATIONS

The Statutory Auditors attend the meetings of the Board and
specialised committees that examine or approve the annual or
interim financial statements, and those that examine and adopt the
report on the information communicated in terms of sustainability.
They may attend Board and specialised committee meetings when
deemed necessary by the Chairman of the Board.

4.1. HOLDING AND KEEPING OF BNP PARIBAS SHARES

3.3.3. Persons invited
The Board can decide to invite one or several persons to attend the
meetings.

3.3.4. Representative of the Central Works Committee
The representative of the Central Works Committee attends the
meetings of the Board in an advisory capacity.

3.3.5. Secretary of the Board
The Secretary of the Board is appointed by the Board and attends
the meetings of the latter.

3.4. ACCESS TO THE INFORMATION
3.4.1. Information and documentation
For the purpose of efficiently participating in the Board of directors’
meetings and making enlightened decisions, each director may ask
that the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer communicates to
him or her all documents and information necessary to perform his
or her duties, if these documents are useful for making decisions and
are related to the Board of directors’ powers.
Requests are sent to the Secretary of the Board of directors who
informs the Chairman thereof.
When the Secretary of the Board of directors considers this
preferable, for reasons of convenience or confidentiality, the
documents thus placed at the disposal of the directors as well as of
any person attending the meetings of the Board are consulted
through the Secretary of the Board or through the competent
employee of the Group.

3.4.2. Systems
The placing at disposal of the directors or of any person attending
the Board meetings of all of the documentation with a view to
meetings of the Board, may be done by any means, including
dematerialised. In this case, all the measures of protection
considered necessary are taken to protect the confidentiality, the
integrity and the availability of the information and each member of
the Board or any person who has received the documentation is
responsible not only for the systems and media thus placed at
disposal but also for their access.

3.5. TRAINING, INDIVIDUAL AND COLLECTIVE SKILLS
The directors of BNP Paribas possess, both individually and
collectively, the expertise, experience, skills, understanding and
personal qualities necessary, notably in terms of professionalism and
integrity, to properly perform their duties in connection with each of
the significant activities of BNP Paribas and guaranteeing efficient
governance and supervision.

2

Every director appointed by the General Shareholders’ Meeting must
personally hold 1,000 shares. The director must hold all of the
shares within twelve months of appointment. At the expiry of this
period, every director concerned shall make sure to keep the
minimum number of BNP Paribas’ shares throughout their term of
office.

2

The directors undertake not to engage in any individual hedging or
insurance strategies to cover their risk on such shares.
This obligation does not concern directors representing employees
and directors representing employee shareholders.

4.2. ETHICS – CONFIDENTIALITY
4.2.1. Ethics
4.2.1.1. Availability and regular attendance
The members of the Board of directors shall devote the time and the
effort necessary to carry out their duties and responsibilities, in
compliance with the Policy on the suitability of Members of the
management body and Key function holders.
The directors representing employees and the director representing
employee shareholders are given a preparation time determined by
the Board in accordance with the Guidelines on the assessment of
the suitability of Members of the management body and Key function
holders.
4.2.1.2. Independence and loyalty
Every member of the Board of directors shall at all times maintain
his or her independence of mind, in compliance with the Policy on
the suitability of Members of the management body and Key function
holders.
He or she shall act with loyalty towards the other directors,
shareholders and BNP Paribas.
He or she shall refuse any benefit or service liable to compromise his
or her independence.
4.2.1.3. Duty of care
Every member of the Board of directors is bound by a duty of
vigilance with respect to the keeping, use and, as the case may be,
the return of the systems, documents and information placed at
their disposal.

4.2.2. Confidentiality
Any director and any person participating in the work of the Board is
bound by an obligation of absolute confidentiality about the content
of the discussions and decisions of the Board and of its committees
as well as the information and documents which are presented
therein or which are provided to them, in any form whatsoever.
Except as provided by law, he or she is prohibited from
communicating to any person outside of the Board of directors any
information that has not been made public by BNP Paribas.

The directors shall ensure that their knowledge is kept updated in
compliance with the Policy on the suitability of Members of the
management body and Key function holders.

4.3. ETHICAL CONDUCT – LIMITATION ON
DIRECTORSHIPS – CONFLICTS OF INTERESTS –
PERSONAL DECLARATIONS

The directors representing employees and the director representing
employee shareholders are given time dedicated to training
determined by the Board in accordance with the regulations in force.

If directors have any questions related to ethical conduct, they may
consult the head of the Group Compliance Function.

4.3.1. Ethical conduct

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

73

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

The legislation relating to insider trading applies particularly to
directors both in a personal capacity and when carrying out their
duties within companies that hold shares in BNP Paribas. They are
required, in particular, to respect the legal requirements governing
the definition, communication and exploitation of inside information,
the principal provisions of which are communicated to them when
they take directorship.
Directors can only deal in securities of BNP Paribas on a personal
basis during the period of six weeks beginning on the day after the
publication of the quarterly and annual financial statements, or after
the publication of a press release on the Company’s operations,
unless they are in possession during that period of information that
puts them in the position of an insider with respect to stock
exchange regulations.
Directors shall refrain from any transactions that could be
considered as speculative, and in particular from leveraged
purchases or short sales, or short‑term trading.
The directors, as well as persons with close connections with them,
are under the obligation to declare to the French Financial Markets
Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers – AMF), which ensures
the publication thereof, and to BNP Paribas, the transactions that
they execute in BNP Paribas shares and the financial instruments
related thereto.

4.3.2. Limitation on directorships

The overall amount of remuneration given to the directors is
determined by the General Shareholders’ Meeting.
The individual amount of remuneration given to directors is
determined by the Board of directors pursuant to a proposal by the
Remuneration Committee. It comprises a predominant variable
portion based on actual participation in meetings, regardless of the
means. Directors residing abroad receive an increased amount,
except where they may participate in meetings of the Board of
directors by telecommunications means.
Actual participation in the committees entitles committee members
to an additional remuneration, the amount of which may differ
depending on the committees. Committee members receive this
additional remuneration for their participation in each different
committee. The Chairmen of committees also receive additional
remuneration.
The remuneration of the non‑voting directors is determined by the
Board of directors pursuant to a proposal of the Remuneration
Committee.

PART THREE – THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS’
SPECIALISED COMMITTEES

The director complies with the statutory and regulatory provisions
which are applicable to him or her, or which are applicable to
BNP Paribas, concerning limitations on directorships, as well as the
Policy on the suitability of Members of the management body and
Key function holders.

To facilitate the performance of their duties by BNP Paribas’
directors, specialised committees are created within the Board of
directors.

4.3.3. Conflicts of interests

6.1. COMPOSITION AND SKILLS

The director complies with the applicable statutory and regulatory
provisions regarding conflicts of interests – in particular the
so‑called “related‑party agreements” (conventions réglementées)
regime as well as with the Policy on the suitability of Members of
the management body and Key function holders.
Whatever the circumstances, in the event of breach of the
obligations with respect to conflict of interests by a director, the
Chairman of the Board of directors shall take all the statutory
measures necessary in order to remedy it. He can, furthermore, keep
the relevant regulators informed of such acts.

4.3.4. Personal declarations
The director undertakes to inform the Secretary of the Board as soon
as possible of any change in his or her personal situation (change of
address, appointment, directorships, duties carried out, or criminal,
civil, or administrative convictions, etc.).
In particular, and in compliance with the Policy on the suitability of
Members of the management body and Key function holders, the
director shall inform, as soon as possible, the Chairman of the Board
of directors of any criminal or civil conviction, management
prohibition, administrative or disciplinary sanction, or measure of
exclusion from a professional organisation, as well as any
proceedings liable to entail such sanctions against him or her, any
dismissal for professional misconduct, or any dismissal from a
directorship of which he or she may be the subject. Similarly, the
director informs the Chairman of the Board of directors of any
criminal or civil order entered against him or her, administrative or
disciplinary sanction or measure of exclusion from a professional
organisation, as well as of any Court‑ordered reorganisation or
liquidation measure of which a company of which he or she is the
manager, shareholder or partner is the subject or would be liable to
be the subject.

74

ARTICLE 5. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND
NON‑VOTING DIRECTORS

ARTICLE 6. COMMON PROVISIONS
They consist of members of the Board of directors who do not carry
out management duties within the Company. They include the
required number of members who meet the criteria required to
qualify as independent, as recommended by the Afep‑MEDEF Code.
The members of the committees have the knowledge and skills
suited to carry out of the missions of the committees in which they
participate.
The Remuneration Committee includes at least one director
representing the employees.
Their remits do not reduce or limit the powers of the Board of
directors.
The Chairman of the Board of directors sees to it that the number,
missions, composition, and functioning of the committees are
adapted at all times to the statutory and regulatory provisions, to
the Board of directors’ needs and to the best Corporate governance
practices.
By decision of the Board, the Internal Control, Risk Management and
Compliance Committee (CCIRC), the Remuneration Committee
(RemCo), and the Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and
CSR Committee (CGEN) may, in accordance with the provisions of
Article L.511‑91 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code
monétaire et financier), ensure their missions for the companies of
the Group under the supervision of the regulator on a consolidated
or sub‑consolidated basis.

6.2. MEETINGS
The committees shall meet as often as necessary.

6.3. MEANS PLACED AT THE DISPOSAL OF THE
COMMITTEES
They may call upon outside experts when needed.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

The Chairman of a committee may ask to hear any officer within the
Group, regarding issues falling within this committee’s jurisdiction,
as defined in the present Internal Rules.

accordance with the so‑called ESRS (European Sustainability
Reporting Standards) for the communication of information in terms
of sustainability.

The Chairman of the committee, in conjunction with the Secretary of
the Board, sets the agenda for the meeting and invites the Chief
Executive Officer and/or his representatives to it when their presence
seems relevant.

In this context, the Financial Statements Committee examines all
issues relating to sustainability reporting documents.

The Chief Executive Officer may, at his request, attend a meeting of a
specialised committee.

7.1.2. Monitoring of the efficiency of the internal control
systems and of risk management concerning
accounting and financial matters and information
on sustainability

The Secretary of the Board prepares all of the documents necessary
to the meetings of the specialised committees and organises the
placing of the documentation at the disposal of the directors and
other participants in the meetings.
This documentation can be placed at disposal by any means,
including dematerialised. In this case, all the measures of protection
considered necessary are taken for the purposes of protecting the
confidentiality, integrity and the availability of the information and
each member of the specialised committee concerned or any person
who has received the documentation is responsible not only for the
systems and media and their provision but also for their access.

6.4. OPINIONS AND MINUTES
They express opinions intended for the Board of directors. The
Chairmen of committees, or in case of their impediment another
member of the same committee, present a verbal summary of their
work at the next Board of directors’ meeting.
Written reports of committees’ meetings are prepared by the
Secretary of the Board and communicated, after approval at a
subsequent meeting, to the directors who so request.

ARTICLE 7. THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
COMMITTEE
7.1. MISSIONS
In accordance with the provisions of the French Commercial Code,
the committee ensures the monitoring of the issues concerning the
preparation and verification of the accounting and financial
information, the information on sustainability and the monitoring of
periodic control.

7.1.1. Monitoring of the process of preparation of the
financial information and information on
sustainability
With regard to financial information
The Financial Statements Committee monitors the process of
preparing financial information.
It is also tasked with analysing the quarterly, half‑yearly and annual
financial statements issued by the Company in connection with the
closing of financial statements and obtaining further explanations of
certain items prior to presentation of the financial statements to the
Board of directors.
The committee shall examine all matters relating to these accounts
and financial statements: the choices of accounting principles and
policies, provisions, analytical results, prudential standards,
profitability indicators, and all other accounting matters that raise
methodological issues or are liable to give rise to potential risks.
It makes, as the case may be, recommendations, in order to ensure
integrity of the elaboration process of the financial information.
With regard to sustainability information
The Financial Statements Committee monitors the process of
preparing information on sustainability and the process
implemented to determine the information to be published in

2

It makes, as the case may be, recommendations, in order to ensure
integrity of these processes.

2

With regard to the internal control and risk management systems
relating to the procedures applicable to the preparation and
processing of accounting and financial information
The Financial Statements Committee monitors the effectiveness of
the internal control systems with regard to the procedures relating
to the preparation and processing of accounting and financial
information.
Within this framework, the Financial Statements Committee
analyses, at least twice a year, the summary of the operations and
the results of the accounting and financial internal control, as well
as those originating from controls on the elaboration process and
the processing of accounting, financial and extra‑financial
information, based on the information communicated to it by the
Executive Management. It shall be briefed on incidents revealed by
the accounting and financial internal control, reported on the basis
of the thresholds and criteria defined by the Board of directors and
shall report on its findings to the Board of directors.
It is informed by the Chairman of the Board of directors of any
possible failure to implement corrective measures decided within
the framework of the accounting and financial internal control
system that has been brought to his direct knowledge by the head of
periodic control and reports on its findings to the Board of directors.
With regard to the internal control and risk management systems
relating to the procedures applicable to the preparation and
processing of sustainability information
The Financial Statements Committee monitors the effectiveness of
the internal control and risk management systems with regard to
the procedures relating to the preparation and processing of
sustainability information.

7.1.3. Monitoring of the statutory audit of the annual
financial statements, the consolidated financial
statements by the Statutory Auditors and the
certification of sustainability information
With regard to the monitoring of the statutory audit of the annual
and consolidated financial statements
The Financial Statements Committee reviews the Statutory Auditors’
audit plan, together with their recommendations and their
monitoring.
It receives from the Statutory Auditors a written report on their main
observations concerning the weaknesses of internal control and
reviews it, as well as most significant recommendations issued in
the framework of their mission and reviews it. It takes notes of the
most significant statements and recommendations issued by the
internal audit in the framework of their missions regarding
accounting and financial information.
At least twice a year, the Financial Statements Committee devotes
part of a meeting to a discussion with the team of Statutory Auditors,
without any member of the Company’s Executive Management being
present.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

75

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

The Committee meets in the presence of the team of Statutory Auditors,
to review quarterly, half‑yearly and annual financial statements.
Except in the event of exceptional circumstances, the files containing
the quarterly, half‑yearly and annual results and financial
statements shall be sent to Committee members at least three days
prior to the Committee meetings.
Where questions of interpretation of accounting principles arise in
connection with quarterly, half‑yearly and annual results, and
involve choices with a significant impact, the Statutory Auditors and
Finance & Strategy shall submit, on a quarterly basis, a
memorandum to the committee analysing the nature and
significance of the issues at play, presenting the pros and cons of the
various possible solutions and explaining the rationale for the
choices ultimately made.
The Statutory Auditors present a note on their work on certification
of the financial statements twice a year.
On this basis, the Financial Statements Committee reports to the
Board of directors on the results of this mission and on the way this
mission has contributed to the integrity of the financial information
and on its own role in it. It immediately informs it of any difficulties
encountered.
The Financial Statements Committee takes into account the findings
and conclusions of the Haute Autorité de l'Audit (H2A) following the
audits carried out by the latter in the professional activity of the
Statutory Auditors.
With regard to the monitoring of the certification of sustainability
information
The Financial Statements Committee examines the Statutory Auditors’
programme of involvement in the certification of information on
sustainability, their recommendations and their follow‑up.
The Committee reviews the Statutory Auditors’ written report on
their main findings on internal control deficiencies as well as on the
most significant recommendations issued as part of their
assignments. It also takes note of the most significant statements
and recommendations issued by the internal audit in the framework
of their missions regarding sustainability information.
At least once a year, the Financial Statements Committee devotes
part of the meeting to a discussion with the Statutory Auditors for
the purpose of certifying sustainability information, without any
member of the Company's Executive Management being present.
Once a year, the Statutory Auditors also present a note on the work
of their mission to certify the information in terms of sustainability.
On this basis, the Financial Statements Committee reports to the
Board of directors on the results of this mission and on the way this
mission has contributed to the integrity of the financial information
and on its own role in it. It immediately informs it of any difficulties
encountered.

It shall be notified on a yearly basis of the amount and breakdown of
the fees paid by the BNP Paribas Group to the Statutory Auditors and
the networks to which they belong, calculated using a model
approved by the Committee. It shall ensure that the amount or the
portion of the audit firms or the networks’ revenues that
BNP Paribas represents is not likely to compromise the Statutory
Auditors’ independence.
It gives its prior approval for any service other than the certification
of financial statements and sustainability information in accordance
with the applicable provisions, for which the amount of fees
(excluding taxes) exceeds EUR 1 million. Each quarter, the
Committee approves, a posteriori, the services for which the amount
of fees (excluding taxes) is less than EUR 1 million, upon
presentation by Finance & Strategy. The committee approves the
approval and control procedure for Finance & Strategy. The
committee shall receive, on a yearly basis from Finance & Strategy, a
report on all services carried out by the networks to which the
Group’s Statutory Auditors belong.
Each Statutory Auditor shall report on a yearly basis to the
committee on its internal control system for guaranteeing its
independence, and shall provide a written statement of its
independence in auditing the Group.
The Statutory Auditors shall not attend all or part of committee
meetings dealing with their fees or their re‑appointment.
The Statutory Auditors shall not attend all or part of committee
meetings dealing with specific issues that concern a member of their
staff.

7.1.5 Monitoring of periodic control
The committee is tasked with reviewing the internal audit plan for
the coming year, prepared by the Inspection Générale, as well as the
annual budget of the Function.
It is regularly informed of the main changes in the implementation
of the audit plan.
It regularly reviews the activity of the Inspection Générale on the
basis of the information provided to it and the reports presented to it
by the Head of Inspection Générale.
It analyses the status of recommendations made by the Inspection
Générale that were not closed.
The committee examines the annual assessment of the Head of
Inspection Générale carried out by the Chief Executive Officer and
the objectives set for him.

The Financial Statements Committee accounts for the statements
and conclusions of the H2A resulting from the controls provided by
the H3C in the professional activity of Statutory Auditors.

The committee reviews the overall amount of his compensation and
its composition, ensuring that it remains in line with his objectives
and his assessment, and submits its opinion to the Remuneration
Committee.

7.1.4. Monitoring the independence of the Statutory
Auditors

The committee examines any changes to the Inspection Générale
Charter.

The Financial Statements Committee ensures compliance with the
independence conditions required for auditors to perform the
certification of financial statements and certification of information
in terms of sustainability.

At any time, if the Inspector General raises a specific point that
cannot be resolved in the context of his day‑to‑day interactions with
the Executive Management, the Chairman of the Board and the
Chairman of the Financial Statements Committee will address it and
then refer it to the Board of directors.

The Committee oversees the procedure for selecting the Statutory
Auditors for the certification of financial statements and

76

sustainability information. It issues an opinion on the amount of fees
for the performance of the statutory audit of the annual financial
statements, the consolidated financial statements and certification
of information in terms of sustainability. It submits the result of this
selection to the Board.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

7.2. CHAIRMAN’S REPORT
The Committee shall review that part of the draft of the Chairman’s
report on internal control procedures relating to the preparation and
processing of accounting and financial information and sustainability
information.

7.3. HEARINGS
With regard to all issues falling within its jurisdiction, the committee
may, at its initiative, hear the heads of finances and accounting of
the Group, as well as the Head of Inspection Générale, without the
presence of the Executive Management.
The committee may ask to hear the Chief Financial Officer with
regard to any issue within its jurisdiction, for which he may be held
liable, or the Company’s management may be held liable, or that
could call into question the quality of accounting and financial
information and sustainability information disclosed by the
Company.

information provided to it by Executive Management and the reports
presented to it by the Heads of Permanent Control, Compliance and
RISK.
The committee is briefed on incidents revealed by internal control
that are reported on the basis of the thresholds and criteria defined
by the Board of directors and reports on its findings to the Board of
directors.

8.2. ACCESS TO THE INFORMATION

8.3. JOINT MEETINGS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
COMMITTEE AND THE INTERNAL CONTROL, RISK
MANAGEMENT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE

8.1. MISSIONS
8.1.1. Missions concerning the global risk strategy

In that context, the members of these committees:

The committee advises the Board of directors on the adequacy of the
global strategy of the Company and the overall current and future
risk appetite. It assists the Board of directors when the latter verifies
the implementation of this strategy by the actual managers and by
the Head of risk management.

■ shall be briefed on the Statutory Auditors' audit plan and shall

For this purpose, the committee examines the key orientations of the
Group’s risk policy, including social and environmental orientations,
based on measurements of the risk and profitability of the
operations reported to it, in accordance with the regulations in force,
as well as any specific issues related to these matters and methods.

■ review the findings of the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment

In the event that a global risk limit is exceeded, a procedure to refer
the matter to the Board of directors is provided for: the Executive
Management informs the Chairman of the committee, who can
decide to convene the committee or to request the convening of the
Board of directors.
With regard to liquidity, the committee takes note of the report on
the Bank’s Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process and of
the draft Liquidity Adequacy Statement.

8.1.2. Missions concerning remuneration
Without prejudice to the missions of the Remuneration Committee,
the Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee
examines whether the incentives provided for by the policy and the
remuneration practices of the Company are compatible with its
situation with respect to the risks to which it is exposed, its capital,
its liquidity and the probability and the spreading over time of the
expected profits.

8.1.3. Missions concerning internal control and
compliance
The committee ensures compliance with its obligations relating to
internal control, including compliance with banking and financial
regulations on internal control; it also examines any issue relating to
the compliance policy relating, in particular, to reputational risk or
professional ethics.
The committee analyses the risk measurement and monitoring
report. Twice a year, it examines the internal control operations and
findings (excluding periodic control, accounting and financial
internal control and sustainability information, which is the
responsibility of the Financial Statements Committee) based on the

2

The committee has all the information about the situation of the
Company with respect to risks. It may, if this is necessary, use the
services of the Head of Risk Management or of outside experts.

The Financial Statements Committee and the Internal Control, Risk
Management and Compliance Committee shall meet at the request
of the Chairman of the Internal Control, Risk Management and
Compliance Committee, or at the request of the Chairman of the
Financial Statements Committee or at the request of the Chairman of
the Board of directors.

ARTICLE 8. THE INTERNAL CONTROL, RISK
MANAGEMENT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE

2

prepare the work of the Board of directors in assessing the risk
policies and management systems;
■ deal with common issues relating to the Bank’s risks and having

financial or accounting consequences (including provisioning);
Process and take note of the draft Capital Adequacy Statement;
■ take note of the results of the stress tests conducted by the

European Banking Authority;
■ examine whether the prices of products and services offered to

customers are compatible with the risk strategy. Where prices
do not properly reflect the risks, it presents to the Board of
directors an action plan to remedy this.
This meeting shall be chaired by the Chairman of the Financial
Statements Committee.

ARTICLE 9. THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE, ETHICS,
NOMINATIONS AND CSR COMMITTEE
9.1. MISSIONS CONCERNING CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
The committee is tasked with monitoring Corporate governance
issues. Its role is to help the Board of directors to adapt Corporate
governance practices within BNP Paribas and to assess its
functioning.
It ensures the follows up on a regular basis of the evolution in the
governance disciplines at the global, European and national levels.
At least once a year, it presents a summary thereon to the Board of
directors. It selects measures that are suitable for the Group and
which are likely to bring its procedures, organisation and conduct in
line with best practice in this area.
It examines the draft report on Corporate governance and all other
documents required by applicable laws and regulations.
The Committee is responsible for monitoring the Group’s social and
environmental responsibility (“CSR”) policy. As such, it regularly
monitors the actions taken in terms of climate transition, sustainable
finance and initiatives in favour of ethical responsibility.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

77

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

9.2. CODE OF CONDUCT
The committee carries out regular monitoring of the update of
BNP Paribas Group’s Code of conduct.

9.3. MISSIONS CONCERNING THE IDENTIFICATION OF,
SELECTION OF, AND SUCCESSION PLAN
FOR DIRECTORS, COMMITTEE MEMBERS,
AND NON‑VOTING DIRECTORS
For the identification of, selection of, and succession plan for the
directors, the committee applies the principles and procedure
described in the Policy on the suitability of Members of the
management body and Key function holders. The committee
regularly reviews this policy and proposes any amendments it
deems advisable to the Board of directors.
The committee sets an objective to achieve with respect to gender
balance on the Board of directors. It draws up a policy aimed at
achieving this objective. This objective and this policy, once set, are
approved by the Board of directors.
As the case may be, the committee proposes to the Board of
directors the appointment of the non‑voting directors.

9.4. MISSIONS CONCERNING THE ASSESSMENT OF
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The committee assesses periodically, and at least once a year, the
balance and diversity of the Board in compliance with the Policy on
the suitability of Members of the management body and Key function
holders.

9.7. MISSIONS CONCERNING THE INDEPENDENCE
OF THE DIRECTORS
The committee is tasked with assessing the independence of the
directors, within the meaning of the Afep‑MEDEF Code, and reporting
its findings to the Board of directors.

9.8

The committee ensures that the Board of directors is not dominated
by one person or, a small group of persons in a manner that is
detrimental to the interests of the Company. For this purpose, it
applies the Policy on the suitability of Members of the management
body and Key function holders.

ARTICLE 10. THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The committee prepares the decisions that the Board of directors
approves concerning remuneration, in particular that which has an
effect on risk and the management of risks.
The committee makes an annual examination:
■ of the principles of the remuneration policy of the Company;
■ of the remuneration, allowances and benefits of any kind

granted to the directors and corporate officers of the Company;
■ of the compensation policies of the categories of staff, including

the executive managers, risk takers, and staff engaged in
control functions and any employee, who given his overall
income, is in the same compensation bracket as those whose
professional activities have a material impact on the risk profile
of the Company or of the Group;

Furthermore, an assessment of the Board of directors is made by a
firm of external expert advisors every three years.

9.5. MISSIONS CONCERNING THE SELECTION OF,
APPOINTMENT OF, AND SUCCESSION PLAN FOR
THE CHAIRMAN, MEMBERS OF EXECUTIVE
MANAGEMENT, AND KEY FUNCTION HOLDERS
The committee periodically examines the Policy on the suitability of
Members of the management body and Key function holders
regarding the selection of, appointment of, and succession plan for
the executive officers, the Chief Operating Officer(s), the Chairman,
and the Key function holders as defined in this Policy, and makes
recommendations in the matter.
The committee contributes to the selection and appointment of, as
well as the establishment of succession plans for, the Chairman and
members of the Executive Management, pursuant to the Policy on
the suitability of Members of the management body and Key function
holders.
With regard to the Key function holders, it ensures that the Policy on
the suitability of Members of the Management body and Key
function holders is applied by the Executive Management.

9.6. MISSIONS CONCERNING THE ASSESSMENT OF
THE CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, AND
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER(S)
The committee assesses the action of the Chairman.
It makes an assessment of the performance of the Chief Executive
Officer and of the Chief Operating Officer(s) in the light of the
strategic directions of the business established by the Board of
directors and taking into consideration their capacities for
anticipation, decision, organisation and exemplarity.

MISSIONS CONCERNING THE GENERAL BALANCE
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

■ of the annual variable compensation by operating division;
■ of votes on resolutions relating to the compensation of directors

and corporate officers at the Shareholders’ Annual General
Meeting.
The committee directly controls the compensation of the Head of the
RISK Function, the Head of Compliance and the Head of Inspection
Générale, with regard to their independence and the rules laid down
by the Code of conduct.
In addition, on the advice of the Financial Statements Committee,
the committee ensures that the amount and composition of the
compensation of the Head of Inspection Générale are in line with his
objectives and assessment with a view to proposing its approval by
the Board of directors.
Within the framework of the missions described above, the
committee prepares the work of the Board of directors on the
principles of the remuneration policies, in particular concerning
Group staff whose professional activities have a material impact on
the Group’s risk profile, in accordance with the regulations in force.
It is tasked with studying all issues related to the personal status of
the directors and corporate officers, and in particular the
remuneration, the amount of retirement benefits and the allotment
of subscription or purchase options to the Company’s shares, as well
as the provisions governing the departure of the members of the
Company’s management or representational bodies.
It examines the conditions, the amount and the distribution of the
subscription or purchase stock option plans. Similarly, it examines
the conditions for the allotment of free shares.
With the Chairman, it is also within its remit to assist the Chief
Executive Officer with any matter relating to the remuneration of
senior executives that the latter might submit to it.

78

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

GUIDELINES ON THE ASSESSMENT OF THE SUITABILITY OF MEMBERS
OF THE MANAGEMENT BODY AND KEY FUNCTION HOLDERS (1)
I.

Context and definitions

a.

Context

While complying with all legislative and regulatory provisions
applicable to the Company, the objective of the policy on the
suitability of Members of the Management Body and Key Function
Holders is to specify and detail the process for implementing the
Internal Rules and regulations applicable to BNP Paribas emanating
from the French Monetary and Financial Code (“CoMoFi”), from the
guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority (“EBA”) relating
to assessment of the suitability of Members of the Management
Body and Key Function Holders (“Fit and Proper Guidelines”) and
from the guidelines of the EBA on internal governance, as set out in
the Comply or Explain process (as defined below).
In accordance with the aforementioned provisions, this policy
develops the following themes:
I.

Identification, selection and succession of Members of the
Management Body and Key Function Holders
(a) Identification, selection and succession of directors;

■ Knowledge, skills and experience;
■ Reputation, honesty and integrity;
■ Independence of mind;
■ Compliance with the rules on limitation of directorships and on

availability.
Comply or Explain process means the procedure emanating from the
Single Supervisory Mechanism through which the European Central
Bank (“ECB”) and the competent national authorities notify their
intention or otherwise of fully or partially complying with the
guidelines issued by the EBA.
CGEN means the Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and
CSR Committee of BNP Paribas SA.

(c) Identification, selection and succession of Key Function
Holders.
Independence of mind and management of conflicts of
interest of Members of the Management Body
(a) General principles;

SCA means the Secretariat of the Board of directors of
BNP Paribas SA.

II.

Identification, selection and succession
of Members of the Management Body
and Key Function Holders

a.

Identification, selection and succession
of directors

(b) Situations of conflict of interest;
(c) Managing conflicts of interest.
III. Compliance with the rules on multiple directorships and the
availability of Members of the Management Body
(a) Compliance with the appointment rules applicable to
Members of the Management Body;
(b) Compliance with the rules during the performance of
functions as a Member of the Management Body.
IV.

Reputation, honesty and integrity of Members of the
Management Body

V.

Competence and diversity of Members of the Management
Body
(a) General principles;
(b) Quantitative and qualitative guidelines;
(c) Annual assessment.

VI. Induction and training of Members of the Management Body
This policy has been approved by the Board of directors. All revisions
shall also require approval from the Board of directors.

b.

2

Fit and Proper means the assessment conducted by BNP Paribas
with regard to the collective suitability of the Board of directors and
of other relevant persons with regard to the following criteria:

Company means BNP Paribas SA.

(b) Identification, selection and succession of the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer(s);

II.

Key Function Holders means, for the purposes of the Fit and Proper
Guidelines, the Chief Financial Officer, the Head of Compliance, the
Head of RISK, the Head of the General Inspection, the Head of Legal,
the Head of Human Resources and persons to whom the Company
has decided to confer the title of Deputy Chief Operating Officer.

Definitions

Members of the Management Body means the directors, Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officers(s).

The role of the CGEN is to identify persons that are likely to be
appointed directors, regardless of their role on the Board of
directors, to establish and maintain a list of such persons, who will
be periodically monitored by the CGEN, yet without specifying the
necessary circumstances requiring their nomination to the Board of
directors.
Identification by the CGEN of the persons likely to be appointed
director
The CGEN identifies and recommends to the Board of directors
candidates suitable to perform the functions of director, with a view
to proposing their appointment to the General Meeting. In the
determination of potential candidates, the CGEN notably assesses
the balance of skills, experience and diversity, alongside integrity
and the ability to understand the challenges and risks, both in a
personal and collective capacity, of members of the Board of
directors. It further verifies that candidates are able to act in an
objective, critical and independent manner, notably with regard to
any other directorships held, that they have the courage necessary
to express their thoughts and form an opinion, have sufficient
availability to be fully committed to their duties, the necessary
objectivity for their role and, lastly, the desire to protect the interests
and ensure the effective functioning of the Company.

(1) Version in force on 1 January 2025.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

79

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

The CGEN specifies the responsibilities and qualifications required
for the duties to be carried out within the Board of directors and
assesses the time to be devoted to such duties.

basis of the aforementioned provisions. The Chairman of the CGEN
and the Chairman of the Board of directors shall meet the potential
candidates.

For the purposes of candidate identification, the CGEN:

All proposals of a candidate for the function of Chairman of the
Board of directors shall be submitted to the Chairman of the CGEN,
who shall assume responsibility for contacting the candidate in
question.

■ may engage one or more firms specialising in the identification

of independent directors within the meaning of the Afep‑MEDEF
Code, where such firms are to be selected by means of tender
held in collaboration with the SCA;
■ it shall also obtain suggestions for candidates from members of

the Board of directors.
Upon receipt of a candidate proposal, the CGEN will analyse the
candidature in accordance with the provisions of this policy as well
as on the following criteria, on the basis of both personal and
collective skills:
■ knowledge and competence in the relevant fields, based on

The SCA may demand from candidates any document it may require
to carry out its review, where such documents shall be retained in
accordance with legislative and regulatory provisions on personal
data protection.

adequate experience providing an understanding of the
Company’s essential challenges and risks, notably including the
money laundering and terrorist financing risks, thereby
enabling decisions to be taken in an effective and informed
manner;

With regard to specialised committees, the Board of directors shall
receive from the CGEN proposals for the appointment of members
(in collaboration with the Chairman of the specialised committee in
question) and for the appointment of the Chairmen of specialised
committees at the time of renewal or replacement.

■ courage, notably to express one’s thoughts and form an opinion

Director succession planning
The CGEN is responsible for considering preparatory measures for
replacing directors and, as applicable, the Chairman of the Board of
directors.

while maintaining objectivity and independence;
■ availability, i.e. sufficient time that the director is able to

dedicate to his directorship and related training, and the
assiduity, which allow the necessary hindsight and promote the
director’s commitment and sense of responsibility regarding the
exercise of their directorship;
■ loyalty, which fosters the director’s commitment to the

Company and to their duties within the Board of directors,
which collectively represents the shareholders;
■ an effective understanding of the Company’s culture and ethics;
■ reputation and probity: no‑one will be deemed to satisfy the

criteria of reputation and probity if their conduct in the private
or professional sphere raises serious doubts about their
suitability for performing the functions of independent director
or, most notably, should they be or have been personally
involved in any actual or attempted money laundering or
terrorist financing.
The CGEN ensures the regular updating of the list of persons that are
likely to be selected, and, once a year, reports to the Board the work
performed in order to identify the persons that are likely to be
appointed directors so that the Board can deliberate on it.
As applicable, the CGEN shall identify suitable candidates for the
post of Chairman of the Board of directors by applying the
aforementioned criteria.
Selection by the Board of directors of persons likely to become
members of the Board of directors
Whenever the Board of directors is required to decide on the
appointment of a new member, the CGEN shall propose a candidate
to the Board of directors in order, if the Board of directors decides so,
to propose such candidate to the General Meeting. The CGEN shall
in the first instance communicate the name of the suitable candidate
to the Chairman of the Board of directors, specifying its reasons for
the proposal. The Chairman of the Board of directors shall contact
the person in question and, where the latter is willing, shall
mandate the SCA to conduct a review into their background on the

80

Should the review and interview be unsatisfactory, whether for the
function of director or Chairman of the Board of directors, the CGEN
may request the Board of directors to make a decision on the
appointment.

The CGEN shall also conduct an annual review of the potential
successors to the Chairman of the Board of directors who may be put
forward to the Board of directors in the event of the temporary or
permanent incapacity or decease of the incumbent. The Chairman of
the Board of directors shall obtain the consent of any such potential
successor. The review shall give rise to a list of names to be retained
by the SCA.

b.

Identification, selection and succession
of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Operating Officer(s)

The Board of directors is responsible for appointing the Chief
Executive Officer and, on the proposal of the latter, the Chief
Operating Officer(s), while specifying any limitations on their powers.
To this end and in collaboration with the Chairman of the Board of
directors, the CGEN shall propose to the Board of directors the
selected Chief Executive Officer and, on the proposal of the latter, the
selected Chief Operating Officer(s). When identifying and proposing
its candidates to the Board of directors for the post of Chief
Operating Officer(s), on the proposal of the Chief Executive Officer
and with the support of the Company’s Human Resources function,
as may be required, the CGEN shall ensure balanced gender
representation and guarantee the presence of at least one man and
one woman until completion of the selection process.
In order to identify the candidate, the CGEN shall analyse their
candidature in the light of this policy and the following criteria:
■ knowledge and competence in the relevant fields, based on

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

adequate experience providing an understanding of the
Company’s essential challenges and risks, notably including the
money laundering and terrorist financing risks, thereby
enabling decisions to be taken in an effective and informed
manner;

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

■ courage, notably to express one’s thoughts and form an opinion

while maintaining objectivity and independence;
■ availability, i.e. that the Chief Executive Officer and Chief

Operating Officer(s) are able to devote sufficient time to their
duties and associated training;
■ loyalty, which fosters the commitment of the Chief Executive

Officer and the Chief Operating Officer(s) to the Company and
its shareholders;
■ reputation and probity: no‑one will be deemed to satisfy the

criteria of reputation and probity if their conduct in the private
or professional sphere raises serious doubts about their
suitability for performing the functions of Chief Executive Officer
or Chief Operating Officer, as applicable, most notably should
they be or have been personally involved in any actual or
attempted money laundering or terrorist financing.
The SCA may demand from the candidate or Company, as applicable,
any document it may require to carry out its review, where such
documents shall be retained in accordance with legislative and
regulatory provisions on personal data protection.
It is also responsible for considering preparatory measures for
replacing the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer(s).
The CGEN shall also conduct an annual review of the potential
successors to the Chief Executive Officer who may be put forward to
the Board of directors in the event of the temporary or permanent
incapacity or decease of the incumbent. The Chairman of the Board
of directors shall obtain the consent of any such potential successor.
The review shall give rise to a list of names to be retained by the
SCA.

each Member of the Management Body, (ii) define the situations of
conflict of interest directors may face, given the wide range of the
Group’s activities which may conflict with the interests of the
director in question, whether directly or indirectly, and (iii) in the
presence of a potential or actual conflict of interest, detail the
measures to be taken such that said conflict is duly recorded and
managed in an appropriate manner.

a.

The CGEN shall ensure via the Human Resources function of the
Company that the following factors are taken into account when Key
Function Holders are identified and appointed by General
Management:

Each member of the Board of directors shall freely express their
positions, including minority positions, on matters discussed at
Board of directors’ meetings or at specialised committee.
It should be noted that any conflict of interest is likely to affect their
classification as an “independent director” within the meaning of the
Afep‑MEDEF Code.

a)

any agreement entered into directly or indirectly (1) by any
company controlled by the Company within the meaning of
Article L. 233‑16 of the French Commercial Code and any
Member of the Management Body of the Company;

b)

any agreement in which a Member of the Management Body
of the Company has an indirect interest,i.e. where the
Member of the Management Body - although not personally
party to the agreement entered into by a company controlled
by the Company within the meaning of Article L. 233‑16 of the
French Commercial Code - gains any form of benefit from the
agreement;

c)

any agreement entered into by a company controlled by the
Company within the meaning of Article L. 233‑16 of the
French Commercial Code and a company of which a Member
of the Management Body of the Company is owner,
shareholder with unlimited liability, manager, director,
member of the Supervisory Board or, in more general terms,
holds any form of management post within said company;

Independence of mind and management
of conflicts of interest by Members of the
Management Body

With due consideration given to the regime covering so‑called
“related‑party agreements” as set out in Articles L. 225‑38 et seq. of
the French Commercial Code, to the provisions on independence of
mind and conflicts of interest provided for in section 9 of the Fit and
Proper Guidelines, and in order to implement the best observed
practices of governance, the objective of this section is to (i) recall
the general principles applied to ensure the independence of mind of

Situations of conflict of interest

In addition to the regime covering so‑called “related‑party
agreements” set out in Article L. 225‑38 et seq. of the French
Commercial Code, the following are also likely to constitute a
situation of conflict of interest:

■ reputation, honesty and integrity, notably ensuring that the

III.

2

Most specifically, Members of the Management Body shall refuse
any benefit or service that may compromise their independence,
undertaking to avoid all situations of conflict of interest (as
described below).

■ competence, qualifications and experience;

person in question is not, and has never been, personally
involved in any actual or attempted money laundering or
terrorist financing.

General principles

Each Member of the Management Body shall at all times maintain
independence of mind, analysis, assessment and action in order to
be able to form opinions and take decisions in an informed, effective
and objective manner. To this end, Members of the Management
Body shall comply with legislative and regulatory provisions on
conflicts of interest (notably the regime covering so‑called
“related‑party agreements”) in addition to the following provisions
on the measures to be implemented in order to record and manage
conflicts of interest in an appropriate manner.

b.

Identification and appointment of Key
Function Holders

c.

2

(1) Indirectly means a situation in which the Member of the Management Body is the actual ultimate beneficiary of the agreement entered into by a company controlled by BNP
Paribas and the co‑contracting party of said controlled company.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

81

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

d)

any situation in which a Member of the Management Body is
or is likely to become aware of confidential information
during their term of office, where such information
(i) concerns a company of which said member is a manager
within the meaning of c) or within which they perform a
function or hold any form of interest whatsoever, or
(ii) concerns the Company or any company controlled by the
Company within the meaning of Article L. 233‑16 of the
French Commercial Code and which may relate to the
activities of a company of which said member is a manager
within the meaning of c) or within which said member
performs a function or holds any form of interest whatsoever;

e)

any situation in which a Member of the Management Body
could participate in a Board of directors’ decision concerning
any person with whom said member has family or business
ties or maintains a close relationship;

f)

obtaining a new directorship, whether for a listed or unlisted
French or foreign entity not belonging to a group for which
said member is a director, or any post on the specialised
committees of a corporate body, or any other new function (1);

g)

any currently valid commitment given in respect of functions
previously performed in France or abroad (e.g.
non‑competition clause);

h)

more generally, any situation that may constitute a conflict of
interest between any Member of the Management Body and
the Company or any of its subsidiaries within the meaning of
Article L. 233‑16 of the French Commercial Code.

c.

Management of conflicts of interest

The assessment of ordinary operational agreements is covered by a
distinct procedure of the Board of directors entitled “Implementation
procedure relating to conflicts of interest in loans and other
transactions granted to members of the management body and their
related parties”.
Situations covered by the “related‑party agreements” regime
Members of the Management Body acknowledge to be fully informed
about the regime covering related‑party agreements and their
associated obligations.
Other situations
On occurrence of any of the situations set out in a) to e), g) and h)
above, the Member of the Management Body must notify the
Chairman of the Board of directors thereof without undue delay,
where the latter shall notify the CGEN for an opinion based on its
analysis of the declared situation, which may consist of one or more
of the measures set out below. The opinion shall subsequently be
submitted to the Board of directors and, where the opinion is
supported, it shall be notified to the interested party by the
Chairman of the Board of directors. The Board of directors’ decision
shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting.
More specifically, on occurrence of any of the situations set out in a)
to e), g) and h) above during any Board of directors’ meeting or
specialised committee meeting, and without prejudice to application
of the preceding subparagraph, the Board of directors or the
specialised committee, as applicable, shall specify the required
measures without undue delay, which may notably consist of the
member of the Board of directors or of the specialist committee

concerned not participating in the deliberations, abstaining from the
vote, not receiving the information relating to the matter generating
or likely to generate a conflict of interest and even leaving the
meeting of the Board of directors or of the specialised committee
when the matter in question is being discussed. The minutes of the
Board of directors’ or specialised committee meeting shall record
the measures applied.
On occurrence of any situation set out in f) above, the member shall
notify the Chairman of the Board of directors of their intention to
accept (i) a new directorship, whether for a listed or unlisted French
or foreign company not belonging to a group of which said member
is a director, or (ii) any participation in the specialised committees of
a corporate body, or (iii) any new function, such that the Board of
directors on the proposal of the CGEN is able to decide on the
compatibility of any such appointment with the position of Member
of the Management Body of the Company. As required, the provisions
on multiple directorships and availability of Members of the
Management Body set out below shall apply mutatis mutandis.
Regardless of the circumstances, the Member of the Management
Body deemed by the Board of directors to no longer be able to
perform their functions due to the occurrence of a conflict of
interest, shall be required to resign.
More generally, in the event of any Member of the Management
Body failing to meet their obligations regarding conflicts of interest,
the Chairman of the Board of directors shall take all necessary legal
measures to rectify the situation; the Chairman may also notify the
facts to the relevant regulators.
Lastly, the Chairman of the Board of directors shall ensure that the
Board of directors deliberates independently of the executive
functions, notably where the Chief Executive Officer is also a director.

IV.

Members of the Management Body shall comply with all applicable
legislative and regulatory provisions, notably Articles L. 511‑52 and
R. 511‑17 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (“CoMoFi
Provisions”) and the Fit and Proper Guidelines, which apply to the
members or apply to the Company with regard to the limitation of
directorships and the availability, in addition to the provisions of the
Afep‑MEDEF Code.

a.

Compliance with the appointment rules
applicable to Members of the Management
Body

Once the candidate has been selected by the CGEN and before being
submitted to the Board of directors, the SCA under the responsibility
of the Chairman of the Board of directors shall:
a)

Contact the candidate to request a list of the directorships
held and other functions performed by the candidate, and the
associated time spent each year;

b)

Verify that the candidate complies with the provisions of
CoMoFi with regard to the limitation of directorships;

c)

Ensure that the candidate has sufficient time to carry out the
responsibilities and receive the training associated with the
proposed directorship;

(1) Including of a political nature.

82

Compliance with the rules on multiple
directorships and the availability of Members
of the Management Body

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Verify that the candidate’s directorships and functions are
compatible with the status of Member of the Management
Body in accordance with the aforementioned requirements of
independence of mind and conflicts of interest.

corporate body, or (iii) any new function in France or abroad, such
that the Board of directors on the proposal of the CGEN is able to
decide if the role is compatible with the post held within the
Company.

The candidate must certify that the list of their directorships and
functions is complete, and forward to the SCA on request any
document (Articles of association, trade register entries or
equivalent, etc.), certificates, certifications, etc. which the SCA may
deem to be required.

In any such case, the SCA shall follow the review and verification
procedure applicable to appointments of Members of the
Management Body.

d)

The SCA shall then analyse the directorships declared by the
candidate in order to ensure compliance with the number of
directorships specified in CoMoFi. The SCA shall retain the
supporting documentation on which its analysis and conclusions are
based, in accordance with legislative and regulatory provisions on
personal data protection. During the course of its review, the SCA
may conduct any investigations it deems necessary.
On completion of the SCA’s review:
a)

b)

The candidate shall be declared to comply with CoMoFi and
has sufficient availability to perform the office of director; the
SCA shall notify the Chairman of the Board of directors who,
in turn, shall notify the Chairman of the CGEN. The CGEN
may then put the candidate forward to the Board of directors
for a decision on their appointment or co‑optation, as
applicable; or
The candidate shall be declared not to comply with CoMoFi
or does not have sufficient availability to perform the office of
director; the SCA shall notify the Chairman of the Board of
directors who, in turn, shall notify the Chairman of the CGEN
such that corrective measures can be considered with the
candidate. Where the candidate agrees to implement the
necessary measures prior to their appointment or
co‑optation, the SCA shall record their willingness in a report
to be submitted to the Board of directors for a decision on the
proposed appointment or co‑optation.

Where the candidate does not wish to or cannot implement the
necessary measures, the SCA shall submit its report to the CGEN for
formal closure of the selection process.

b.

Compliance with the rules during
the performance of functions as a Member
of the Management Body

Completion of the aforementioned review shall have one of the
following two outcomes:
a)

the Member of the Management Body accepts the new
directorship and complies with CoMoFi: the SCA shall notify
the Chairman of the Board of directors who, in turn, shall
notify the CGEN. The CGEN shall then ensure that the new
directorship is compatible, notably with the rules on conflicts
of interest set out above; or

b)

the Member of the Management Body accepts the new
directorship but no longer complies with CoMoFi; the SCA
shall notify the Chairman of the Board of directors who, in
turn, shall notify Chairman of the CGEN for measures to be
considered with the Member of the Management Body
enabling the latter to comply with CoMoFi.

2

Regardless of the circumstances, should the Member of the
Management Body no longer have sufficient availability to perform
the office of director, the SCA shall notify the Chairman of the Board
of directors who, in turn, shall notify the Chairman of the CGEN such
that corrective measures can be considered with said member.
Should the Member of the Management Body wish to retain their
office within the Company, they must reject the directorship being
offered or resign from one existing directorship. The SCA shall record
the corresponding decision in a report to be submitted to the Board
of directors.
Should the Member of the Management Body decide to accept the
new directorship yet without resigning from an existing directorship,
said member shall be required to hand in their letter of resignation
as a Member of the Management Body of BNP Paribas. The SCA shall
record their resignation in a report to be submitted to the CGEN for
formal acceptance, the effective date of which shall be decided by
the Board of directors. Any Member of the Management Body who
no longer believes they are able to perform their functions on the
Board of directors, or on any specialised committee of which they
are a member, shall be required to resign.

Members of the Management Body shall at all times comply with
the rules on limitation of directorships and devote the necessary
time and effort to the performance of their functions and
responsibilities. They shall accept the discipline of collaborative
working in a context of mutual respect of opinions, exercising a
sense of responsibility to the shareholders and other stakeholders of
the Group.

At least once a year, the SCA shall ask Members of the Management
Body to update their “EBA Form” listing all directorships held by
each Member of the Management Body, with their availability table
in attachment.

The directors shall also regularly and actively participate in
meetings of the Board of directors and specialised committees, and
attend the General Meeting of the Shareholders. The directors
representing the employees and the directors representing
shareholder employees shall be allowed preparation time to be
specified by the Board of directors, in accordance with applicable
legal provisions.

V.

To this end, each Member of the Management Body shall notify the
Chairman of the Board of directors of their intention to accept (i) a
new directorship, whether for a listed or unlisted French or foreign
company not belonging to a group of which said member is a
director, or (ii) any participation in the specialised committees of a

2

This will enable the SCA to verify compliance with CoMoFi and the
ongoing availability of all Members of the Management Body.

Reputation, honesty and integrity of Members
of the Management Body

Members of the Management Body must at all times meet the
requirements of reputation, honesty and integrity.
Candidates and Members of the Management Body shall
immediately notify the Chairman of the Board of directors and the
SCA of:
a)

any ongoing procedure and associated consequences by
which they may be affected in the context of criminal, civil,
administrative or other action conducted by any public
authority in France or abroad;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

83

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

b)

any disciplinary measure;

c)

any previous approval rejection issued by the competent
banking or financial authorities in France or abroad;

d)

any rejection, withdrawal, removal, disqualification or
cancellation of registration, authorisation, membership or
licence affecting the exercise of any commercial or
professional activity;

number of directors, gender balanced representation, international
experience, diversity of nationalities, and age and seniority, in
addition to the personal and collective qualities set out in this policy.
The objective of the guidelines set out below is to establish a
theoretical composition of the Board of directors which:
a)

is appropriate to the Company given its size, diversified and
integrated business model, operational complexity, the risks
associated with its activities and its international dimension;

e)

any sanction imposed by a professional body in France or
abroad;

b)

f)

any dismissal for professional misconduct or removal from
corporate office;

is aligned with the expectations
shareholders and other stakeholders;

c)

g)

any situation set out in a) to f) above affecting a company of
which they are a director, significant shareholder or partner.

complies with all legislative and regulatory provisions
applicable to the Company and with its Articles of
association;

d)

complies with the recommendations set out in the
Afep‑MEDEF Code.

The SCA shall retain the supporting documentation on which the
CGEN’s analysis and conclusions are based, in accordance with
legislative and regulatory provisions on personal data protection. In
this regard and at the request of the Chairman of the Board of
directors or, as applicable, of the Chairman of the CGEN, the SCA may
conduct any investigation it may deem to be necessary, including
holding an interview with the person concerned.
Where the Chairman of the Board of directors or the Chairman of the
CGEN, as applicable, is notified of the occurrence of any of the
aforementioned events, the CGEN shall be notified in order to get its
opinion on the reputation of the Member of the Management Body,
based on its analysis of the declared situation, and may demand the
resignation of the member in question. The opinion shall
subsequently be submitted to the Board of directors and, where the
opinion is supported, it shall be notified to the interested party by
the Chairman of the Board of directors. The Board of director’s
decision shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting.
Furthermore, all Members of the Management Body undertake to act
with loyalty and integrity towards the other Members of the
Management Body and the shareholders of the Company. Failing
this, the Chairman of the Board of directors or the Chairman of the
CGEN, as applicable, may refer the matter to the CGEN for its
opinion on the loyalty and integrity of the Member of the
Management Body in question, and may decide to demand their
resignation.

VI.

Competence and diversity of Members
of the Management Body

a.

General principles

To enable decisions to be taken in an informed and judicious manner
in all circumstances, the Board of directors attaches great
importance to identifying candidates offering individual expertise
gained in the fields of banking or finance, or recognised experience
acquired within the general management of a large international
company, enabling such candidates to understand the Company’s
business model and the associated risks.
Mindful of the need for collective competence, however, the Board of
directors shall strive to ensure that directors offer complementary
expertise. To this end, it shall also seek out candidates able to
understand the major emerging issues, challenges and risks faced by
the Company, such as the current social and environmental issues,
the challenges of digital transformation and geopolitical risks.

the

Company’s

Candidates must in all cases be capable of working in a collaborative
environment.

b.

Quantitative and qualitative guidelines

Number of directors
In accordance with Article 7.1 of the Company’s Articles of
association, the number of directors to be appointed by the Ordinary
General Meeting of the Shareholders shall lie between nine and
eighteen. The directors representing the employees and the director
representing shareholder employees are not to be taken into account
when calculating the aforementioned minimum and maximum
number of directors.
It should be noted that, in accordance with Article 17 of the Articles
of association, the Board of directors may also appoint one or two
non‑voting directors on the proposal of the Chairman of the Board of
directors.
Gender balanced representation
In accordance with Article L. 511‑99 of CoMoFi and Article 9.3 of the
Internal Rules, the CGEN is required to set an objective for gender
balanced representation on the Board of directors and to develop a
policy to meet this objective.
To this end, in 2016 the Board of directors issued its policy on gender
balanced representation on the Board of directors. When selecting
the profiles of potential candidates for the position of director, the
policy specifies the obligations of gender balanced representation on
the Board of directors in accordance with applicable legislative
provisions.
International experience and diversity of nationalities
Given the international nature of the Company’s activities, the Board
of directors promotes the identification of candidates offering
international experience acquired through functions performed
outside France or through a directorship with a company established
outside France, notably in the Group’s main operational regions of
Europe, the Americas and Asia‑Pacific.
With regard to diversity of nationalities, the Board of directors has
specified the optimum number of non‑French or dual nationality
directors to be at least 30%, and at least 40% not including directors
appointed by General Meeting (excluding directors representing the
employees).

With regard to diversity, the Board of directors has established
guidelines based on qualitative and quantitative criteria covering the

84

of

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

This quantitative reference was established on the basis of a Board
of directors’ target size of 14 directors which, apart from in
exceptional or temporary circumstances, signifies 4 directors of
non‑French or dual nationality.
Given the Company’s positioning in Europe, the Board of directors
favours European profiles, although on a non‑exclusive basis.
Age and seniority
The Board of directors promotes an equitable balance in terms of
directors’ ages while ensuring adequate seniority, always allowing
for sufficient availability and to be able to act effectively in all
circumstances.

c.

Annual assessment

Once a year under the responsibility of the CGEN, the SCA shall
assess the composition of the Board of directors with regard to the
general principles and guidelines set out above. The CGEN shall
submit the results of its assessment to the Board of directors,
including all proposals it may deem to be appropriate. The
assessment shall be carried out by a consultant once every three
years.

VII. Induction and training of Members
of the management body

2

The Members of the Management Body shall ensure that they
maintain their knowledge in the following fields: Finance, banking,
risks (notably those relating to sanctions, embargoes, money
laundering, terrorist financing, corruption and influence peddling),
applicable regulations and, more broadly, in any field associated
with adaptations of the Company’s strategy and with the main
emerging issues, challenges and risks faced by the Company.
The Company shall allocate the necessary human and financial
resources to training for Members of the Management Body. In this
regard, annual training shall be delivered to the directors by the
managers holding responsibility over the training themes, and
strategic seminars shall be held.

2

In addition to the aforementioned training, any director may request
supplementary training. To this end, the director in question shall
discuss the matter with the Chairman of the Board of directors; the
SCA shall specify how the requested training is to be delivered.
The directors representing the employees and the director
representing shareholder employees shall be allowed training time
in accordance with applicable legislative provisions.
With regard to new directors, the Board of directors shall ensure
that they meet the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer(s)
and certain Key Function Holders.

The Members of the Management Body of the Company shall
individually and collectively have the necessary expertise,
experience, skills, understanding and personal qualities, notably with
regard to professionalism and integrity, enabling them to
successfully perform their functions in relation to all the Company’s
main activities, while guaranteeing effective governance and
oversight.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

85

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

DESCRIPTION OF THE IMPLEMENTATION PROCEDURE FOR CONFLICTS OF
INTEREST IN RELATION TO LOANS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS GRANTED TO
THE MEMBERS OF THE MANAGEMENT BODY AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES
Pursuant to article L.22‑10‑12 of the French Commercial Code, the
Board of directors has implemented a procedure in order to regularly
ensure that the transactions entered into in the ordinary course of
business and on arms' length basis (so‑called "free" agreements)
meet these conditions, to strengthen the process for identifying and
monitoring conflicts of interest and to implement a process
dedicated to review loans granted by the Bank to Members of the
management body and related natural and legal persons.
Pursuant to the provisions of article 72 of the Belgian law on the
status and supervision of credit institutions, this procedure was
extended by the Board of directors in June 2022 to transactions
concluded between BNP Paribas Fortis and the directors, the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officers of BNP Paribas.

There are two parts to the procedure for so‑called “free”
agreements:
■ Agreements between BNP Paribas and the natural persons or

holding companies mentioned above:
Each year, the Bank reviews the list of agreements entered into
between BNP Paribas and the natural persons or asset holding
companies mentioned above. The Compliance Function ensures
that these agreements do cover current operations and are
concluded under normal conditions and prepares a report that
it sends to the Secretary of the Board of directors;
■ Agreements between BNP Paribas and legal entities (other than

asset management companies) mentioned above:
This procedure is based on existing policies (such as the Code of
conduct or the “Customer Interests Protection Policy”) and also
provides:

This procedure covers agreements concluded between BNP Paribas
and the directors, the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Operating Officers of BNP Paribas or natural persons closely
associated with them, their holding companies and legal entities in
which they have an interest (directorship or equity holding).

■

■

■

the declaration by the directors and corporate officers of the
legal entities with which they are associated,
the verification by the Bank of any business relationships
between each of these legal entities,
in‑depth monitoring of agreements identified using a
risk‑based approach.

A report is prepared for each of these elements and submitted every
year to the CGEN which informs the Board of directors.

86

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

2.1.3 COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS AWARDED TO THE GROUP’S DIRECTORS
AND CORPORATE OFFICERS
The provisions of the French Commercial Code provide for ex ante
approval each year by the Ordinary Annual General Meeting of the
compensation policy for directors and corporate officers. The
compensation policy for directors and corporate officers of
BNP Paribas is presented below on pages 87 to 94.
The compensation of these same directors and corporate officers is
also subject to the ex post vote of the Ordinary Annual General
Meeting on the information on compensation referred to in
article L.22‑10‑9 I of the French Commercial Code (this information is
set out below on pages 95 et seq.). When the Annual General
Meeting does not approve these items, the Board of directors
submits an amended compensation policy, taking into account the
shareholders’ vote, for the approval of the next Annual General
Meeting. The payment of directors’ compensation for the current
year is suspended until the amended compensation policy is
approved. When the payment is reinstated, payments are backdated
to the last Annual General Meeting.
Lastly, the compensation of each corporate officer is subject to a
second ex post vote on the total compensation and benefits in kind
paid during the previous year or awarded in respect of the same year
(the information relating to this compensation is outlined in
tables 1a and b, 2a and b, 3a and b and 4a and b on pages 101 et
seq.). The variable components of compensation awarded to the
corporate officers in respect of the previous year can only be paid
after they have been approved by the Annual General Meeting on the
basis of this second vote.

COMPENSATION POLICY FOR DIRECTORS
AND CORPORATE OFFICERS SUBMITTED FOR
SHAREHOLDERS’ EX ANTE APPROVAL,
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE L.22‑10‑8
OF THE FRENCH COMMERCIAL CODE, AT THE
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF 13 MAY 2025

The compensation policy for directors and corporate officers
complies with applicable legislation and regulations, the
Afep‑MEDEF Code and the BNP Paribas Code of conduct. The policy
as detailed below (in particular the performance criteria):
(I)

2

is aligned with the Company’s corporate interest and
contributes to the Company’s commercial strategy and
sustainability;

(II) takes into consideration the compensation and employment
conditions of employees within the Company; and
(III) is gender‑neutral.
Without prejudice to the powers of the Annual General Meeting in
this respect, the determination of the compensation of directors and
corporate officers is the responsibility of the Board of directors and is
based on proposals from the Remuneration Committee, which drafts
the decisions which the Board of directors approves regarding
compensation. In particular, the Remuneration Committee annually
reviews the remuneration, compensation and benefits in kind
awarded to the Company’s directors and corporate officers. This
committee is made up of four independent members who have
experience of compensation systems and market practices in this
area and includes a director elected by employees.
Measures aimed at avoiding and managing conflicts of interest are
established in the Internal Rules of the Board of directors, by the
Policy on the suitability of Members of the management body and
Key function holders, as well as by the Implementation procedure for
conflicts of interest in relation to loans and other transactions
granted to the Members of the management body and their related
parties. Executive corporate officers do not take part in deliberations
or voting on their own compensation.
The compensation of corporate officers takes into account, in its
principles, the following objectives:
■ alignment with the Bank’s corporate interest and with that of

its shareholders:

In this report, the Board of directors provides details of the fixed and
variable components of total compensation and benefits in kind,
attributable to the directors, the Chairman of the Board of directors,
the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officers for their
three‑year corporate offices within BNP Paribas (SA).
The elements of the compensation policy presented below are the
subject of resolutions submitted for the approval of the
Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting voting under the quorum and
majority conditions required for Ordinary General Meetings. If the
Annual General Meeting does not approve these resolutions, the
previous compensation policy, already approved by the Annual
General Meeting of 14 May 2024, will continue to apply. In this case,
the Board of directors will submit for the approval of the next Annual
General Meeting a draft resolution outlining an amended
compensation policy, indicating how the shareholders’ vote was
taken into account and, where appropriate, the opinions stated
during the Annual General Meeting.

■

■
■

■

consistency with a medium to long‑term outlook, especially
in terms of the growth of the Bank’s value, good risk
management and the relative performance of its share,
integration of extra‑financial assessment criteria,
taking into account CSR aspects to determine the
compensation (partly aligned with the CSR objectives
considered for certain employees), and in particular criteria
related to the Group’s climate objectives,
guaranteeing sufficient variability in the amounts allocated to
reflect changes in the Bank’s results without weighing too
heavily on fixed expenses;

■ the transparency of compensation:
■

■

■

all components (fixed, annual variable, conditional long‑term
incentive plan) are included in the overall assessment of
compensation,
balance between the components of compensation, which
must contribute to the general interest of the Bank and
reflect best market practices and legal and regulatory
constraints,
the rules must be stable, strict and intelligible;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

87

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

■ compensation that is sufficiently attractive to facilitate the

selection of profiles that are particularly competent in the
Group’s business areas.

I.

Directors' compensation

The compensation policy for directors is gender‑neutral.
In accordance with the law, the global amount of directors’
compensation is set by the Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting.
The individual amount of directors’ compensation is determined by
the Board of directors pursuant to a proposal of the Remuneration
Committee. It consists of a fixed portion and a portion based on
actual participation in meetings, regardless of the means. Directors
residing abroad receive an increased amount, except where they
may participate in meetings of the Board of directors by
telecommunication means. Additional compensation is paid for
actual participation in one of the four Specialised Committees. This is
increased for directors participating in the CCIRC and in the Financial
Statements Committee, as well as in the joint session between these
two Committees, in view of the specific investment required by these
committees.
At the end of the year, the Remuneration Committee examines the
allocation of directors’ compensation and the amount paid to each of
them in respect of the year on the basis of an audit of each director’s
actual presence at Board and Committee meetings. Where
applicable, the remainder of the global amount fixed by the Annual
General Meeting is allocated in proportion to the amount paid to
each director. In the event of an additional extraordinary meeting of
the Board or Committees, the amount of the compensation due to
each director is adjusted, in proportion to the amounts paid to each
director.
The Board of directors then approves the individual distribution of
the directors’ compensation for the year before its actual payment to
the directors (subject to the provisions of article L.22‑10‑34 I of the
French Commercial Code which provides that the payment of
directors’ compensation for the current year is suspended in the
event of a negative vote by the shareholders on the components of
compensation paid during or awarded in respect of the past year to
corporate officers).

II.

Compensation of the chairman of the Board of
directors

The annual fixed compensation of the Chairman, Mr. Jean Lemierre,
amounts to EUR 950,000 gross.
The Chairman does not receive annual variable compensation or
conditional long‑term incentive plan. The absence of variable
compensation reflects the independence of the Chairman with
respect to the Executive Management.
Should a new Chairman be appointed, on the proposal of the
Remuneration Committee and under this compensation policy, the
Board of directors will set the amount of his/her fixed compensation
in line with the new Chairman’s profile and experience.

III.

Compensation of executive corporate officers

Compensation for executive corporate officers includes:

■ an annual variable component;
■ a conditional long‑term incentive plan (long‑term incentive plan

or LTIP).
The levels of these different components are determined using
established market benchmarks.
Compensation takes into account the cap on total variable
compensation in relation to fixed compensation (including awards
under long‑term incentive plan) in accordance with article L.511‑78
of the French Monetary and Financial Code, applicable specifically to
credit institutions.
In accordance with paragraph 2 of said article, the Shareholders’
Annual General Meeting of BNP Paribas of 14 May 2024 decided that
this cap would be set at twice the amount of the fixed compensation
for a duration of three years.
For the purposes of calculating the aforementioned ratio, a discount
rate may in addition be applied to no more than 25% of the total
variable compensation inasmuch as the payment is made in the
form of instruments after a deferred period of at least five years, in
accordance with article L.511‑79 of the French Monetary and
Financial Code.

1.

Fixed compensation

The annual fixed compensation of the Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé, amounts to EUR 1,843,000 gross at 31
December 2024.
The last increase in the fixed annual compensation of the Chief
Executive Officer, effective from 1 January 2022, was decided by the
Board of directors and approved by Annual General Meeting of
17 May 2022. The Board of directors had noted the Bank’s very good
performance since the Chief Executive Officer was appointed.
As part of the annual compensation review, the Board of directors
reviewed the compensation of the Chief Executive Officers of ten
comparable European banks (Barclays, BBVA, Crédit Agricole,
Deutsche Bank, HSBC, Intesa SanPaolo, Santander, Société Générale,
UBS and Unicredit) based on a study carried out by the independent
firm WTW. Within this panel, in which BNP Paribas ranks 2nd in
terms of net income, Group share for the 2023 financial year, the
total compensation of the Chief Executive Officer is in 9th position out
of 11 and is significantly lower than the median of the situations
observed.
In view of:
■ the fact that the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer of

BNP Paribas is significantly lower than the average of his
counterparts in other European banks;
■ the growth of the Group’s results and the consolidation of its

positioning in Europe;
■ the optimisation of the performance and the capital through

constant efforts on costs to obtain positive jaws effects;
■ the Bank’s solid capital structure in order to absorb the new

requirements of the CRR3 reform in 2025;
■ his involvement in disposals as well as strategic acquisitions

and investments supporting the Group’s medium/long‑term
growth, financed by the proceeds of the disposal of Bank of the
West;

■ a fixed component;

■ the deployment of the Group’s strategy around technology with

the Cloud and Artificial Intelligence (signature of a partnership
agreement with Mistral AI in 2024);

88

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

■ the CSR commitments made by the Group to contribute to a

carbon neutral economy by 2050 and implement an ambitious
social policy;

If objectives based on quantitative criteria are exceeded (or not
achieved), the fraction of the target compensation in question
evolves proportionally within the limits of the cap mentioned below.

■ several international awards (“The World’s Best Bank 2023”

■ For the Chief Executive Officer, the quantitative criteria apply to

awarded by Euromoney and “Bank of the Year 2022” by IFR);
the Board of directors proposes, subject to approval by the Annual
General Meeting of 13 May 2025, a revaluation of 25% of the fixed
annual compensation of the Chief Executive Officer, effective from 1
January 2025.
After revaluation, the fixed annual compensation of the Chief
Executive Officer amounts to EUR 2,300,000 gross.
The fixed annual compensation of the Chief Operating Officers
amounted to EUR 1,800,000 gross for the Chief Operating Officer in
charge of the CIB scope, Mr. Yann Gérardin, and EUR 1,080,000 gross
for the Chief Operating Officer in charge of the CPBS scope,
Mr. Thierry Laborde.
The last increase in the fixed annual compensation of the Chief
Operating Officers, effective from 1 January 2024, was decided by the
Board of directors and approved by Annual General Meeting of
14 May 2024.
Should a new Chief Executive Officer or a new Chief Operating Officer
be appointed, the Board of directors will, on the proposal of the
Remuneration Committee and under this compensation policy, set
his/her fixed compensation in line with his/her profile and
experience. The components of annual variable compensation or of
the conditional long‑term incentive plan will be set in accordance
with the principles set out in this compensation policy.

2.

the Group’s overall performance based on the following equally
weighted criteria:
■

■

General principles
The variable compensation of executive corporate officers is
determined based on a target compensation equal to 100% of their
annual fixed compensation for the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Operating Officers.
The variable compensation varies in accordance with criteria
representative of the Group’s results, CSR‑linked criteria and a
qualitative assessment by the Board of directors.
In addition, the payment of the annual variable compensation
includes a deferred period, “malus” and “claw‑back” arrangements,
as well as a cancellation clause in the event of a bank resolution
measure, in accordance with same terms and conditions as those
described below for the LTIP (see 3 below).

Criteria linked to the Group’s financial performance
Criteria linked to the Group’s financial performance account for 75%
of the target variable compensation and enable the corresponding
portion of the annual variable compensation to be calculated in
proportion to the evolution of financial indicators. There are two
Group‑based quantitative criteria for the Chief Executive Officer.
There are four financial‑linked quantitative criteria for the Chief
Operating Officers, half of which are Group‑based and the other half
based on their respective areas of responsibility.

evolution of net earnings per share for the year compared to
the previous year (37.5% of the target variable
compensation);

2

percentage of achievement of the Group’s budgeted gross
operating income (37.5% of the target variable
compensation).

■ For the Chief Operating Officers, half of the quantitative criteria

are based on the Group’s overall performance and half on the
performance of their respective scopes of responsibility based
on the following equally weighted criteria:
■

■

■

■

Annual variable compensation

The variable component is intended to reflect the effective
contribution of executive corporate officers to the success of
BNP Paribas in respect of their functions as executive managers of
an International Financial Services Group.

2

evolution of net earnings per share for the year compared to
the previous year (18.75% of the target variable
compensation);
percentage of achievement of the Group’s budgeted gross
operating income (18.75% of the target variable
compensation);
evolution of pre‑tax net income for the year compared to the
previous year for their respective areas of responsibility
(18.75% of the target variable compensation);
percentage of achievement of the budgeted gross operating
income of their respective areas of responsibility (18.75% of
the target variable compensation).

Criteria linked to the Group’s CSR performance
[sustainability statements] (1)
A portion of 15% of the target variable compensation is linked to the
Group’s CSR performance.
The allocation of this portion of the annual variable compensation is
based on multi‑criteria measurement resulting from a holistic
approach of actions undertaken by the BNP Paribas Group with
respect to social, societal, and environmental issues.
With this in mind, this compensation structure includes three
weighted criteria, each at 5%:
(I)

the Board of directors’ assessment of the year’s highlights,
primarily with regard to climatic and social challenges;

(II) the publications of extra‑financial rating agencies measuring
the quality of the BNP Paribas’ CSR positioning relative to its
peers;
(III) an alignment with the CSR objectives included in the loyalty
plans granted to the Group’s key employees. These objectives
are based on the Group’s four CSR pillars in terms of
economic, social, civic and environmental responsibility and
include, in particular, quantified climate objectives as part of
the support for the Group’s clients towards a low‑carbon
economy and the reduction of the BNP Paribas Group’s
environmental footprint.

(1) This information is an integral part of the sustainability statements, presented in Chapter 7.1, and is covered by the certification report on sustainability statements.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

89

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

For several years, the BNP Paribas Group has made the variable
compensation of executive corporate officers conditional on the
achievement of criteria in line with the Group’s climate objectives in

accordance with the principle of the Afep‑MEDEF Code, which came
into force in December 2022.

75%

15%

Group financial
performance

Group CSR
performance

10%
Qualitative criteria

Holistic assessment of CSR policy

5%

5%

5%

(i) By the Board

(ii) By the Market

(iii) Alignment with key
employees of the Group

Annual measurement by the Board of
directors of achievements and key
developments around a line of action
focused on climate and social
challenges

Positioning of BNP Paribas in the first
quartile of the Banking sector in the
extra-financial performance rankings
of FTSE and S&P Global CSA (1)

Achievement of the CSR objectives
set in the loyalty plan awarded to
the Group's key employees which
was paid during the year

(1) Moody’s ESG Solutions merged within MSCI. The Moody’s ESG Solutions ranking will not be available anymore as from 2025.

Qualitative criteria
The portion of the variable compensation linked to the Board of
directors’ qualitative assessment is 10% of the target variable
compensation.
The Board of directors considers it essential to carry out this
qualitative assessment, particularly given its enhanced
responsibilities in terms of supervision and control in line with the

French Monetary and Financial Code. In addition to the Bank’s
strategy, which it must approve considering social and
environmental issues, the Board of directors must also assess the
performance of executive corporate officers based on their capacities
for anticipation, decision‑making, leadership and exemplary
behaviour as part of the 2025 strategic plan.
This assessment will be made in light of the economic situation and
with regard to the Group’s operational and integrated model.

➤ SUMMARY OF THE CRITERIA USED TO DETERMINE THE ANNUAL VARIABLE COMPENSATION APPLICABLE
TO THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND THE CHIEF OPERATING OFFICERS
% of target annual variable compensation
Criteria
Criteria linked to the Group’s
financial performance

90

Chief Executive Officer

Chief Operating
Officers Type

37.50%

18.75% Evolution of net earnings per share for the year compared to the
previous year

37.50%

18.75% Achievement of budgeted Group gross operating income

N/A.

18.75% Evolution of pre‑tax net income of the area of responsibility
for the year compared to the previous year

N/A.

18.75% Achievement of budgeted gross operating income of the area
of responsibility

Criteria linked to the Group’s CSR
performance

15.00%

15.00% Multicriteria assessment of the actions taken by BNP Paribas Group
with respect to social, societal and environmental issues

Qualitative criteria

10.00%

10.00% Assessment with regard to implementation of the Bank’s strategic
guidelines, particularly the human, organisational and technical
dimensions of the Growth, Technology & Sustainability 2025 plan, and
taking into account the general context of the year under
consideration

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Ceiling

■

The Board of directors ensures the consistency of the annual
variable compensation with evolution of the Group’s results and the
area of responsibility of each of the Chief Operating Officers.
In any case:
■ each of the criteria related to the Group’s financial performance

annually in fifths over five years, the first payment being paid
only at the end of a deferred period of one year from the award
date of the variable compensation. Each instalment will be paid:
■
■

■ the criteria related to the Group’s CSR performance, as well as

■ the amount of the annual variable compensation awarded to

each executive corporate officer is capped at 120% of their
target variable compensation.

Terms and conditions of payment
The payment terms for variable compensation of BNP Paribas
Group’s executive corporate officers, in accordance with the
provisions of the French Monetary and Financial Code and the
European Banking Authority’s Guidelines on compensation policy,
are:
■ 60% of annual variable compensation is deferred over five years,

at the rate of one‑fifth per year;
■ regarding

the
compensation:

■

non‑deferred

portion

of

the

variable

half will be paid in cash in May of the year of the award,
subject to the approval of the Shareholders’ Annual General
Meeting under the terms provided for by article L.22‑10‑34 II
of the French Commercial Code, and

half will be paid in cash indexed to BNP Paribas share
performance, at the end of a one‑year holding period starting
on the award date (award date is the date of the Board of
directors’ decision), i.e. in practice, in March of the year
following the year in which the compensation is awarded;

■ the deferred portion of the variable compensation will be paid

(two in the case of the Chief Executive Officer and four in the
case of the Chief Operating Officers) is capped at 130% of its
target weight and cannot therefore result in an annual variable
compensation exceeding respectively 48.75% of the target
variable compensation for the Chief Executive Officer and
24.375% for the Chief Operating Officers;
the qualitative criteria, are capped at 100% of their target
weight and cannot therefore result in an annual variable
compensation greater than, respectively, 15% and 10% of the
target variable compensation;

2

■

3.

2

half in cash in March every year, and
half in cash indexed to BNP Paribas share performance, in
March of the following year, at the end of a one‑year holding
period,
provided that the Group’s ROE after tax for the year
preceding the payment is greater than 5%.

Conditional Long‑Term Incentive Plan
over five years (LTIP)

In 2011, to align the interests of executive corporate officers with the
medium to long‑term performance of the BNP Paribas Group without
compromising risk management, the Board of directors introduced a
conditional long‑term incentive plan (LTIP) over five years.
The LTIP, which amounts to the target annual variable compensation
awarded in respect of the previous year, is split into two equal parts:
one recognising the increase in the intrinsic value of the BNP Paribas
share, and the other, its potential outperformance relative to peers.

First half of the awarded amount:
intrinsic share performance
The first half of the awarded amount depends on the evolution of the
share price (1) given that no payment will be made for this first half
of the awarded amount if the BNP Paribas share price does not
increase by at least 5% from the date of the award by the Board of
directors to the end of a five‑year period from the award date.

If the share price increases by at least 5% during this period, a factor is applied to the initial amount, resulting in the amount being increased or
reduced, in line with the table below:

Evolution of the BNP Paribas share price over five years

Factor applied to the first half of the award

Strictly under 5%

0 (no payment)

Equal to or higher than 5% and under 10%

40%

Equal to or higher than 10% and under 20%

80%

Equal to or higher than 20% and under 33%

120%

Equal to or higher than 33% and under 50%

130%

Equal to or higher than 50% and under 75%

150%

Equal or higher than 75%

175%

Thus, the first half of the awarded amount will only be paid in full at the end of the five‑year period if the share price increases by more than
20% during this five‑year period. The factor applied to the first half of the award will, in any event, always be less than or equal to the evolution
of the share price and cannot, under any circumstances, exceed 175% of the awarded amount, assuming that the share price has increased by
more than 75% at the end of the five‑year period.

(1) The initial and final amounts used to measure the performance of the share price over the five‑year period are as follows:
- the initial value is the average of the opening price of the BNP Paribas share for the rolling twelve‑month period preceding the award date;
- the final value is the average of the opening price of the BNP Paribas share in the rolling twelve‑month period preceding the payment date.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

91

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Second half of the awarded amount: outperformance
of the BNP Paribas share relative to peers
Fulfilment of this condition is assessed by measuring the
performance of the BNP Paribas share price relative to the “EURO
STOXX Banks” index of main Eurozone banks.

It only takes into account the outperformance of the BNP Paribas
share price relative to the average index measured over the
twelve months prior to the award date, compared with the average
for this same index for a period of twelve months prior to payment.
The second half of the target amount under the LTIP will only be
paid in full if the BNP Paribas share price outperforms the index by
at least 10%.

Relative performance of the BNP Paribas share in relation
to the performance of the EURO STOXX Banks index
Lower or equal to 0 point

0%

0 to 5 points inclusive

50%

5 to 10 points inclusive

80%

Greater than 10 points

100%

The amount determined by applying each of the conditions over the
plan’s five‑year period is the compensation paid under the LTIP.

Ceiling
According to the provisions of article L.511‑78 of the French
Monetary and Financial Code relating to the cap on the variable
component as a percentage of the fixed component, total variable
compensation awarded, including amounts awarded under the LTIP,
may not be more than twice the fixed compensation, in accordance
with the decision of the Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting of
14 May 2024. To calculate the ratio, a discount rate may in addition
be applied to no more than 25% of the total variable compensation
in as much as the payment is made in the form of instruments after
a deferred period of at least five years.

Payment of LTIP
Based on the evolution of the BNP Paribas share price, the first half
of the amount paid under the LTIP may not, under any
circumstances, exceed 175% of the initial awarded amount. Payment
of the second half of the award may not, under any circumstances,
exceed the initial awarded amount.
Thus, under no circumstances can payments under the LTIP exceed
137.5% of their award value.

Continued presence requirement
LTIP rules require continued presence throughout the entire duration
of the plan. Departure from the Group would result in the LTIP not

92

Factor applied to the second half of the award

being paid. Nonetheless, in the event of retirement or death after the
end of the first year of the plan, payments would be made provided
that performance conditions are met and subject to assessment by
the Board of directors.

Malus and Claw‑back clauses
The LTIP provides for “malus” clauses and “claw‑back”
arrangements. Thus, in the event that the beneficiary should behave
in a way or be guilty of acts that do not comply with BNP Paribas’
expectations, as defined in particular in terms of:
(I)

compliance with the Code of conduct, Internal Rules,
regulations; and

(II) risk assessment and management,
the Board of directors may decide not only not to proceed with the
payment of the planned amount, whether or not the beneficiary is
present, but also to request the return of all or part of the sums
already paid under previous plans over a period of five years.
Moreover, this rule provides that in the event of the implementation
of a bank resolution measure under the French Monetary and
Financial Code, the LTIP rights shall be definitively cancelled.
The Board of directors reserves the right to reduce awards under the
LTIP, in particular in the event of non‑compliance with the
above‑mentioned ceiling.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

➤ STRUCTURE OF THE PAYMENT OF THE COMPENSATION OF CORPORATE OFFICERS IN RESPECT OF 2025 AFTER
TAKING INTO ACCOUNT THE EBA GUIDELINES

Conditional long-term
incentive
plan (LTIP)(1)

1/2

February
2031

1/2

February
2031

1/10
1/10

March 2031

1/10

March 2031

Annual variable compensation

1/10
Deferred
portion
(60%)

March 2030

1/10

March 2030

1/10

March 2029

1/10

March 2029

1/10

March 2028

1/10

March 2028

1/10

March 2027

1/2
Non-deferred
portion
(40%)

1/2

2

March 2032

March 2027(2)

Amounts paid subject to condition that the consolidated pre-tax
ROE for the year preceding the payment is greater than 5%

May 2026(3)
Amounts subject to clawback

Fixed compensation

2025
Cash

The LTIP is a long-term compensation plan, payment will be made at the end of the five-year period.
(2)
Payment at the end of a one-year holding period starting on the date of the annual variable compensation award.
(3)
Awarded in March 2026 and payment deferred until May 2026 subject to the approval of the Shareholders’ Annual General
Meeting under the terms pursuant to article L.22-10-34 II of the French Commercial Code.
(1)

Cash indexed on
the BNP Paribas share price
Cash indexed on the
performance of the BNP
Paribas share compared
to the performance of the
EURO STOXX Banks index

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

93

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

IV.

Extraordinary compensation

No extraordinary compensation may be paid to the directors, the
Chairman of the Board of directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the
Chief Operating Officers.

Benefits in kind

V.

The Chairman of the Board of directors, the Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Operating Officers may have a company car.

Stock option or share purchase subscription
plans

VI.

Directors and corporate officers do not benefit from any stock option
or share purchase subscription plans.

VII.

Performance shares

Directors and corporate officers do not receive any performance or
free shares.

VIII. Post‑employment benefits
1.

Payments or benefits due or likely to become
due upon termination or change in functions

Directors and corporate officers do not receive any contractual
compensation for termination of their term of directorship.

2.

Retirement benefits

Directors and corporate officers, with the exception of the Chief
Operating Officers, do not receive post‑employment benefits when
they leave the Company or when they retire.
The Chief Operating Officers are entitled to the standard retirement
benefits awarded to all BNP Paribas (SA) employees pursuant to
their initial employment contract.

3.

Supplementary pension plans

The corporate officers benefit solely from the BNP Paribas Group's
mandatory pension plan (supplementary defined‑contribution
pension plan) set up for all BNP Paribas (SA) employees.

4.

Protection insurance

The Chairman of the Board of directors, the Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Operating Officers benefit from the death, disability
and invalididy insurance schemes as well as the common healthcare
benefit scheme, under the same conditions set up for all
BNP Paribas (SA) employees.
They also benefit from the Garantie Vie Professionnelle Accidents
system (death and disability insurance), which covers all
BNP Paribas (SA) employees.

94

The Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officers are also
entitled to the supplementary plan set up for members of the Group
Executive Committee, which pays out additional capital of
EUR 1.10 million in the event of death or total and permanent
disability. The employer contribution under this scheme is
recognised as a benefit in kind.

5.

Non‑compete agreement

Please note that the Chief Executive Officer signed a non‑compete
agreement with BNP Paribas (SA) on 25 February 2016. This
agreement was approved by the Annual General Meeting of 26 May
2016 pursuant to the provisions of article L.225‑38 of the French
Commercial Code.
Under this agreement, if he ceases to hold any role or position in
BNP Paribas, Mr. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé undertakes, for a period of
twelve months, not to take any role whatsoever, either directly or
indirectly, for a credit institution, investment or insurance firm
whose securities are traded on a regulated market in France or
abroad, as well as in France for a credit institution, investment or
insurance firm whose securities are not traded on a regulated
market. Decisions to apply the agreement will be taken in due time
with sincerity and loyalty.
Under this agreement, the Chief Executive Officer will receive a
payment equal to 1.2 times the total of his fixed and variable
compensation (excluding LTIP) received during the year prior to his
departure. One‑twelfth of the indemnity would be paid each month.
In accordance with the Afep‑MEDEF Code and article R.22‑10‑14 of
the French Commercial Code which stipulate that the payment of a
non‑compete indemnity must be excluded if the person concerned
claimed his pension rights or has exceeded the age of 65 and in line
with the stipulations of said non‑compete agreement, the Board of
directors and the Chief Executive Officer have confirmed that they
comply with this provision.

IX.

Loans, advances and guarantees granted
to the Group’s directors and corporate officers

BNP Paribas directors and corporate officers and their spouse and
dependent children may be granted loans.
These loans, representing normal transactions, are granted on an
arm’s length basis, in accordance with the Implementation
procedure for conflicts of interest in relation to loans and other
transactions granted to the Members of the management body and
their related parties.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

COMPONENTS OF COMPENSATION PAID IN 2024 OR AWARDED IN RESPECT OF THE SAME YEAR
SUBMITTED TO THE EX POST VOTE OF SHAREHOLDERS DURING THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
OF 13 MAY 2025 IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE L.22‑10‑34 OF THE FRENCH COMMERCIAL CODE
The total compensation of directors and corporate officers, as described below, is in line with the compensation policy adopted at the Annual
General Meeting of 14 May 2024.

➤ DIRECTORS’ COMPENSATION (amounts in euros)

2

Amounts paid in 2023
in respect of the year
(as a reminder)

Amounts paid in 2024
in respect of the year

ASCHENBROICH Jacques

135,521

163,777

BONNAFÉ Jean‑Laurent

64,758

76,777

BRISAC Juliette

90,490

111,033

DE CHALENDAR Pierre André(1)

122,655

71,254

COHEN Monique

159,966

187,485

EPAILLARD Hugues(2)

121,368

147,247

GIBSON‑BRANDON Rajna(3)

57,707

N.A.

GUILLOU Marion

106,573

130,065

LEMIERRE Jean

64,758

76,777

N.A.

95,872

97,245

130,391

N.A.

97,206

NOYER Christian

117,080

147,356

SCHWARZER Daniela

121,798

179,220

N.A.

84,223

TILMANT Michel

116,866

139,961

VERRIER Sandrine(2)(7)

87,274

11,356

WICKER‑MIURIN Fields(8)

75,941

N.A.

1,540,000

1,850,000

Directors

LEPOULTIER Vanessa(2)(4)
LOGGHE Lieve
LOMBARD Marie‑Christine(5)

STRAATHOF Annemarie(6)

TOTAL
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)

Director until 14 May 2024.
Amount paid to the corresponding trade union organisation.
Director until 10 September 2023.
Director from 16 February 2024.
Director from 10 January 2024.
Director from 14 May 2024.
Director until 15 February 2024.
Director until 16 May 2023.

For information, the rules for allocating directors’ compensation are as follows:

Portion based on actual participation
(1)

Fixed portion

Scheduled or extraordinary meeting

Directors resident in France

EUR 25,000

EUR 3,800/meeting

Directors resident outside of France

EUR 25,000

EUR 5,000/meeting(2)

Chairman of a specialised committee (excluding CCIRC)

EUR 6,500/meeting

Member of a specialised committee (excluding CCIRC)

EUR 3,500/meeting

Chairman of CCIRC

EUR 6,700/meeting

Member of the CCIRC (excluding joint session)

EUR 3,700/meeting

(1) The fixed portion is calculated prorata temporis of the term of directorship during the year in question.
(2) Or EUR 3,800 per meeting if participation is via telecommunication means.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

95

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Directors’ compensation is also gender‑neutral. It consists of a fixed
portion and a portion based on actual participation in meetings on
the basis of the allocation rules presented above.

Directors elected by the employees and the director representing the
employee shareholders receive compensation under their
employment contract.
At 31 December 2024, the composition of the Board of directors
complies with the obligation for gender parity provided by
article L.225‑18‑1 of the French Commercial Code.

Compensation and benefits of the corporate officers
Details relating to the annual variable compensation
of executive corporate officers

Concerning the criterion related to the achievement of the Group’s
gross operating income budget, its measurement for the Chief
Executive Officer Mr. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé as a percentage of the
target variable compensation, amounts to 38.25% for 2024 (19.13%
for the Chief Operating Officers, Mr. Yann Gérardin and Mr. Thierry
Laborde).

Assessment of the achievement of the targets set for
2024
At its meeting of 3 February 2025, the Board of directors assessed
the achievement of the objectives set in accordance with the
compensation policy.

In addition, for the Chief Operating Officers, Mr. Yann Gérardin and
Mr. Thierry Laborde:

Group performance criteria
Concerning the criterion linked to the evolution of net earnings per
share for the year compared to the previous year, its measurement
for the Chief Executive Officer Mr. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé as a
percentage of the target variable compensation, amounts to 41.83%
for 2024 (20.92% for the Chief Operating Officers, Mr. Yann Gérardin
and Mr. Thierry Laborde).

■ concerning the criterion related to the evolution of net income

before tax for the year compared to the previous year, relating
to the scope under their responsibility, its measurement, as a
percentage of the target variable compensation, is 21.79% for
the CIB scope and 17.37% for the CPBS scope;
■ concerning the criterion related to the achievement of the gross

operating income budget for the scope under their
responsibility, its measurement, as a percentage of the target
variable compensation, is 19.31% for the CIB scope and 18.54%
for the CPBS scope.

2023

2024

Application to 37.5% of
the target annual
Variation variable compensation

8.58

9.57

11.55%

41.83%

2024 Budget : EUR 18,273 million

Achieved: EUR 18,638 million

2.00%

38.25%

Chief Executive Officer – Mr. Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ
Net earnings per share
Gross Operating Income

(1)

(1) These data are calculated using the average exchange rate for 2024.

2023

2024

Application to 18.75% of
the target annual
Variation variable compensation

Net earnings per share

8.58

9.57

11.55%

20.92%

Gross Operating Income

2024 Budget(1): EUR 18,273 million

Achieved: EUR 18,638 million

2.00%

19.13%

EUR 6,302 million(2)

EUR 7,323 million

16.20%

21.79%

2024 Budget(1): EUR 6,959 million

Achieved: EUR 7,166 million

2.97%

19.31%

EUR 7,330 million(2)

EUR 6,791 million

-7.36%

17.37%

2024 Budget(1): EUR 10,357 million

Achieved: EUR 10,240 million

-1.13%

18.54%

Chief Operating Officers – Mr. Yann GÉRARDIN and Mr. Thierry LABORDE
Group

Scope of responsibility – CIB
Net income before tax
Gross Operating Income
Scope of responsibility – CPBS
Net income before tax
Gross Operating Income

(1) These data are calculated using the average exchange rate for 2024.
(2) In order to be comparable with the results for 2024, the results for 2023 have been recomposed to take into account, in particular, the impact of the
contributions to the Single Resolution Fund (SRF) at business level. This recomposition was presented to the market on 29 February 2024.

96

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Criteria linked to the Group’s CSR performance

■

The Board of directors reviewed the achievement of the
multi‑criteria measurement with regard to the three criteria linked
to the Group’s CSR performance provided for in the compensation
policy, each of which has a 5% weighting.
(i) Board of directors' assessment of the CSR policy
With regard to the qualitative assessment, the Board of directors
considered that this criteria has been met given the significant
achievements in 2024 regarding environmental and social issues.
BNP Paribas has an ambitious policy in terms of energy transition,
sustainable investment, social commitment and financial inclusion.
In 2024, BNP Paribas continued its actions in terms of sustainable
finance in accordance with its GTS 2025 strategic plan (Growth,
Technology & Sustainability). The Group has increased its financing
in favour of the ecological transition and its action in favour of
financial inclusion and civil society.
On the alignment of portfolios towards the goal of a more
sustainable economy:
■ publication of the Group’s second climate report with CO2

emissions reduction targets by the end of 2030 for three new
sectors of the loan portfolio: air transport, maritime transport
and commercial real estate. The report also indicated the
intensity of emissions from the residential real estate sector
and a description of decarbonisation levers for the agriculture
sector;

■ new target for a 70% reduction in absolute greenhouse gas

emissions in the oil and gas sector between September 2022
and 2030, more ambitious than the International Energy
Agency's Net‑Zero Emissions scenario, which projects a
necessary reduction of 34% over the same period;
■ BNP Paribas Asset Management’s commitment to no longer

invest in bonds issued by companies involved in oil and gas
exploration and production;
■ sharp acceleration in outstanding loans to low‑carbon energy,

mainly renewable, with a 30% increase in financing in favour of
these between September 2022 and September 2024, reaching
EUR 36.8 billion at the end of September 2024, i.e. 76% of
financing related to energy production. At the same time, the
Group reduced its fossil fuel financing by over 50%, which at the
end of September 2024 represented EUR 11.5 billion, i.e. 24% of
financing related to energy production;
■ best rating (A) of BNP Paribas in the CDP ranking (1) for the first

time, alongside only 346 companies worldwide (out of a total of
approximately 21,000 companies assessed). The Group is the
only major international financial institution to obtain this
score, reflecting its strong commitment.
On enabling its clients to transition to a low‑carbon economy:
st global ranking in terms of green bonds and loans in 2024

■ 1

according to Bloomberg with USD 32.5 billion;
■ major role in the following transactions:
■

■

■

■

2

granting of a EUR 1.1 billion Sustainability Linked Loan to
DLG Group, a cooperative owned by 25,000 Danish farmers
with greenhouse gas reduction targets;
EUR 1.75 billion Sustainability Linked Bond for the Italian
energy producer ENEL to finance its energy transition
projects;
1st EUR 750 million green bond issued by the Republic of
Iceland to finance investments contributing to the country’s
carbon neutrality objective;

2

EUR 1 billion green bond issued by the Île‑de‑France
Mobilités public transport institution to develop the transport
network (9.4 million people daily) and the acquisition of
electric buses.

On sustainable investment activities:
■ launch by BNP Paribas Asset Management of an Article 9 fund

(BNP Paribas Future Forest Fund) and two funds classified
under Article 8 (Global Net‑Zero Transition Equity Fund, Low
Carbon Transition Infrastructure Equity Fund I) in accordance
with SFDR regulations;
■ launch of two ETF bonds with an active CSR approach (BNP

Paribas Easy Sustainable EUR Corporate Bond, BNP Paribas Easy
Sustainable EUR Government Bond).
On actions in favour of employees:
■ signature of the new Global agreement in November 2024 with

the international federation UNI Global Union for a period of 4
years to strengthen the fundamental rights of the Group’s
employees, in particular on remote working, parenthood, health
and well‑being at work;
■ strengthening of preventive actions in favour of the well‑being

and health of employees as part of the We Care programme: the
Group aims to cover 100% of the workforce with an Employee
Assistance Program (more than 93% in 2024). In addition, a
(digital) preventive health assessment will be gradually offered
to the Group’s employees, and long‑term illness support kits
were rolled out in 2024 in several countries to support
managers and employees;
■ increase in gender diversity among the Senior Managers

Positions (SMP) population and the Group Executive Committee
in 2024, in line with the targets set for 2025 of 40% women;
■ strengthening of employee training and skills development

initiatives. In line with the GTS 2025 plan, on the Technology
section, AI training has been accelerated and on the
Sustainability section, more than 120,000 individual Group
employees have been trained since the launch of the
Sustainability Academy in 2022;
■ Group employee engagement score maintained at a high level

(85%, comparable to 2023), measured around the themes of
pride in belonging to the Group, adherence to the strategy and
involvement in work.
On actions in favour of financial inclusion and civil society:

financing of more than USD 1 billion in favour of Arevon, an
American company carrying out a photovoltaic project of 374
MW, with storage of 150 MW/600 MWh, called Eland 2 in
California;

■ 2024 world’s best bank for financial inclusion award by

Euromoney;

(1) CDP, formerly the “Carbon Disclosure Project”, is an international rating organisation that carries out an exhaustive analysis of climate commitments each year through its
“Climate Change” questionnaire.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

97

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

■ growth for Nickel, which exceeded the milestone of 4 million

accounts opened, with a presence in 5 European countries. A
loan offer is now proposed in partnership with Floa, as well as a
home insurance offer for tenants with BNP Paribas Cardif and
Lemonade;
■ continued development of the impact investment activity, with

the launch of the 2nd BNP Paribas Asset Management fund
exclusively dedicated to the development of impact contracts in
Europe (BNP Paribas European Impact Bonds Fund 2). It
reached EUR 61 million and was labelled Finansol, a first for an
impact contract fund;

■ BNP Paribas Foundation: for 40 years, it has supported more

than 4,200 projects, including more than 3,650 social and
educational initiatives, more than 500 cultural projects and 50
scientific research programmes. Its action has benefited 2
million people, in particular:
■

■

■

Projet Banlieues, which has supported 1,350 associations
since 2006 in France and in Italy since 2023;
Odyssée Jeunes, which has financed educational trips for
62,000 secondary school students since 2009;

(ii) Market assessment of the CSR policy
Regarding the criterion related to the Group’s CSR positioning
compared to its peers in the extra‑financial performance rankings of
FTSE, S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment and Moody’s
ESG Solutions, BNP Paribas is effectively in the 1st quartile of the
Banks sector of the three aforementioned agencies.
Given the acquisition of Moody's ESG Solutions by MSCI, two
extra‑financial rating agencies, FTSE and S&P Global Corporate
Sustainability Assessment, will be kept for the measurement of this
criterion related to the Group CSR positioning.
(iii) Assessment of the CSR policy by alignment with the Group’s
key employees
Regarding the criterion of alignment with the Group’s key employees,
the three‑year CSR target measure set in the loyalty plan awarded to
the Group’s key employees are also met.
Consequently, the multi‑criteria measure, as a percentage of the
target variable compensation, amounts to 15% for 2024 for the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officers.

Climate & Biodiversity initiative, which has been supporting
scientific research on climate and biodiversity with 500
scientists since 2010.

CSR – Assessment of the CSR policy
(ii) By the market

Weighting

5.00%

5.00%

5.00%

Measurement

5.00%

5.00%

5.00%

Qualitative criteria

in 2050, in particular through new commitments made in 2024:
the Bank is now pursuing a target of 90% of low carbon in its
financing for energy production in 2030 (the initial target of 80%
to be achieved in 2028) and the reduction in financing
dedicated to the air transport, maritime transport and
commercial real estate sectors;

The Board of directors assessed the qualitative portion of the annual
variable compensation in terms of the application of the criteria
provided for in the compensation policy.
For 2024, the Board of directors took into main consideration and
deemed satisfied by Mr. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé the following:
■ increase of 2024 net income, Group share compared to 2023

with a confirmation of the trajectory announced in February
2024 for the 2025 financial year in terms of profitability in a
context of a less favourable than expected economic scenario.
The Bank’s capital structure is solid and the CET1 trajectory is
in line to absorb the new requirements of the CRR3 reform in
2025;

■ his decisive role in the Bank’s management with the continued

implementation of the GTS 2025 Plan;
■ his action in the refocusing of the proceeds from the sale of

Bank of the West through acquisitions and investments
supporting the Group’s medium/long‑term growth, in particular
to make BNP Paribas a European leader in savings
management;

15.00%

■ his role in increasing the number of women in governing bodies

as well as his involvement in all the pillars of the Group’s
diversity and inclusion policy.
For Mr. Yann Gérardin, as Chief Operating Officer in charge of the
Corporate and Institutional Banking (CIB) division and in line with
the assessments proposed for Mr. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé:
■ CIB division’s results higher than the budget in 2024, reflecting

BNP Paribas’ market share gains in the three business lines and
the three world regions combined with controlled operating
costs and a reversal of provisions for the cost of risk;

■ prudent and proactive long‑term risk management, keeping the
Group’s cost of risk at a low level;

■ good risk management within the CIB division;
■ his

contribution to the implementation of BNP Paribas’
integrated model, on the one hand, between the various
business lines of CIB and on the other hand, by developing joint
initiatives with the CPBS and IPS divisions;

■ his role in accelerating the digitalisation of Global Markets

■ continued involvement in the implementation of the Group’s

CSR strategy in order to contribute to a carbon neutral economy

98

Multi‑criteria
measurement

(i) By the Board

(iii) Alignment with
key employees

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

operations through electronic platforms;

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

■ his commitment to continuing to make CIB a CSR leader, and

■ his role as sponsor in the Payments & Flows and Mobility

which is reflected in particular by the Bank’s position as the
world leader in sustainable financing both in the EMEA scope
and globally in 2024 (source: Dealogic);

initiatives with the development of new partnerships (in
particular with La Banque Postale in terms of sustainable
mobility);

■ his involvement in strengthening controls and operational

■ his driving role in interbank bodies in France and in Europe in

resilience, in particular for Global Markets, and in the continued
adoption of the Code of conduct by employees.

favour of the transformation of the European payments market
with the launch in 2024 of WERO in several countries as part of
the European payments initiative;

For Mr. Thierry Laborde, as Chief Operating Officer in charge of the
Commercial, Personal Banking & Services division (CPBS) and in line
with the assessments proposed for Mr. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé:

■ his commitment to continuing the integration of the CSR

■ his strong commitment to maintaining a significant contribution

Summary

of the CPBS division to the Group’s results in a complex
environment;
■ prudent risk management of the activities within the division;
■ his involvement in transforming the business model of the

consumer finance subsidiary and in the recovery of its
profitability;

2

dimension into CPBS’s business lines.
After taking into account all the criteria used to set annual variable
compensation, and the evolution of the Group’s operating results,
the Board of directors, on the proposal of the Remuneration
Committee, set the variable compensation awarded in respect of
2024 at:
■ EUR 1,936,624

for
(representing 105.08% of
compensation);

■ his decisive contribution to the qualitative transformation of

business models, particularly in retail banking in France, with
progress in terms of customer satisfaction and the continued
improvement of the customer experience;

2

Mr. Jean‑Laurent
his target annual

Bonnafé
variable

■ EUR 1,910,700 for Mr. Yann Gérardin (representing 106.15% of

his target annual variable compensation);
■ EUR 1,090,368 for Mr. Thierry Laborde (representing 100.96% of

his target annual variable compensation).
The result in respect of each criterion is set out in the following table:

Quantitative criteria

Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ

Yann GÉRARDIN

Thierry LABORDE
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)

GOI(5)

Annual Reminder of
target
variable with
variable
respect to
Qualitative
2024 compensation
criteria

GOI(3)

NIBT(4)

Group

Group

Business

Weighting(1)

37.50%

37.50%

15.00%

10.00%

Measurement(1)

41.83%

38.25%

15.00%

10.00% 1,936,624 1,843,000

Weighting(1)

18.75%

18.75%

18.75%

18.75%

15.00%

10.00%

Measurement(1)

20.92%

19.13%

21.79%

19.31%

15.00%

10.00% 1,910,700 1,800,000

(1)

Weighting

18.75%

18.75%

18.75%

18.75%

15.00%

10.00%

Measurement(1)

20.92%

19.13%

17.37%

18.54%

15.00%

10.00% 1,090,368 1,080,000

As a percentage of target annual variable compensation.
Evolution of net earnings per share (EPS) for the year compared to the previous year.
Percentage of achievement of budgeted gross operating income (GOI) for the Group.
Evolution of net income before tax (NIBT) for the year compared to the previous year. Yann Gérardin: CIB scope/Thierry Laborde: CPBS scope.
Percentage of achievement of budgeted gross operating income (GOI). Yann Gérardin: CIB scope/Thierry Laborde: CPBS scope.

Terms and conditions of payment
a)

CSR
performance
Business
criteria

EPS(2)

■

The payment terms for variable compensation of BNP Paribas
Group executive corporate officers in respect of 2024, in
accordance with the provisions of the French Monetary and
Financial Code and the EBA’s 2 July 2021 Guidelines on
compensation policy are:
■

■

60% of annual variable compensation is deferred over five
years, at the rate of one‑fifth per year;
half of the non‑deferred portion of the variable
compensation is paid in May 2025, subject to the approval
of the Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting under the
terms provided for by article L.22‑10‑34 II of the French
Commercial Code; and half in March 2026, indexed to the
performance of the BNP Paribas share since the award;

b)

the deferred portion of the variable compensation will be
paid annually in fifths starting in 2026. Each payment will
be made half in March every year, and half in March of the
following year, indexed to the performance of the
BNP Paribas share since the award. The last payment in
respect of 2024 will therefore be made in March 2031.

In addition, the annual payment of the deferred variable
compensation is subject to the condition that the ROE after
tax of the Group for the year preceding the payment is
greater than 5%.

The Board of directors noted that this performance condition was
met in 2024; accordingly, deferred compensation payable in 2025 in
respect of previous plans will be paid.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

99

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Details relating to the conditional long‑term incentive plan over five years (LTIP)
LTIP amounts awarded in 2025

In accordance with the compensation policy and on the proposal of the Remuneration Committee, the Board of directors set the LTIP amounts
awarded in 2025.
The amount awarded under the LTIP is equal to the target annual variable compensation for 2024.

LTIP awarded on 3 February 2025 (in euros)

Awarded amount(1)

Fair value of the awarded amount(2)

Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ

1,843,000

462,409

Yann GÉRARDIN

1,800,000

451,620

Thierry LABORDE

1,080,000

270,972

(1) See explanations above.
(2) Fair value of the awarded amount in accordance with IFRS. The calculation is carried out by an independent expert.

Relative proportion of fixed and variable compensation
of executive corporate officers
The cap on total variable compensation provided for by
article L.511‑78 of the French Monetary and Financial Code was not
exceeded. Pursuant to article L.511‑79 of the French Monetary and
Financial Code, a discount rate may in addition be applied to no
more than 25% of total variable compensation inasmuch as the
payment is made in the form of instruments after a deferred period
of at least five years.
After applying the discount rate to the variable compensation
amounts awarded in the form of instruments deferred for five years
(discount rate of 48.78% in accordance with European Banking
Authority guidelines on the application of the notional discount rate
for variable compensation, published on 27 March 2014), the ratio

100

between total variable compensation and fixed compensation is 1.79
for the Chief Executive Officer Mr. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé, 1.80
and 1.75 respectively for Messrs Yann Gérardin and Thierry Laborde
as Chief Operating Officers for 2024.

Use of “malus” and “claw‑back” clauses

The Board of directors has not been called upon to apply the
“malus” and “claw‑back” clauses, provided for in the compensation
policy defined above.

Compensation paid or awarded by a company included
in the consolidation scope
No compensation has been paid or awarded to directors and
corporate officers by a company included in the scope of
consolidation of BNP Paribas within the meaning of article L.233‑16
of the French Commercial Code.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

Components of compensation paid during 2024 or awarded in respect of the same year to corporate officers

➤ TABLE NO. 1: COMPONENTS OF COMPENSATION PAID DURING 2024 OR AWARDED IN RESPECT OF THE SAME YEAR
TO MR. JEAN LEMIERRE, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SUBMITTED TO THE VOTE
OF THE SHAREHOLDERS (amounts in euros)

➤ a. Components of compensation awarded in respect of 2024 to Mr. Jean LEMIERRE, Chairman of the Board of directors

2

Amounts Comments
Fixed compensation

950,000 The compensation paid to Mr. Jean LEMIERRE is determined following the guidelines
(paid) proposed by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board of directors. This
fixed compensation has not changed since December 2014.

Annual variable compensation

None Mr. Jean LEMIERRE is not entitled to annual variable compensation.

Conditional long‑term incentive
plan

None Mr. Jean LEMIERRE does not benefit from a conditional long‑term incentive plan.

Compensation linked to the term
of directorship

76,777 Mr. Jean LEMIERRE does not receive any compensation in respect of directorships that he
(paid) holds in the Group’s companies other than BNP Paribas (SA).

Extraordinary compensation

None

Stock options awarded during
the period

None

Performance shares awarded
during the year

None

Benefits in kind

5,951 Mr. Jean LEMIERRE has a company car.

TOTAL

1,032,728

➤ b. Components of compensation paid to Mr. Jean LEMIERRE, Chairman of the Board of directors during 2024
in respect of previous years (having been subject to a shareholders’ vote at the time of their award)

Amounts paid in 2024
None

➤ c. Commitments of any kind corresponding to compensation components, indemnities or benefits in kind due or likely to be due
as a result of the assumption, termination or change in functions or after performing these to the benefit of Mr. Jean LEMIERRE,
Chairman of the Board of directors

Amounts Comments
Sign‑on bonuses and severance
payments

None Mr. Jean LEMIERRE receives no sign‑on bonus or severance payment.

Supplementary defined‑benefit
pension plan

None Mr. Jean LEMIERRE does not benefit from any supplementary defined‑benefit pension plan.

Supplementary
defined‑contribution pension
plan

1,994 This amount corresponds to the contributions paid in 2024 under the defined‑contribution
pension plan (article 83 of the French General Tax Code) set up for all BNP Paribas (SA)
employees.

Welfare benefit and healthcare
plans

4,368 This amount corresponds to the contributions paid in 2024 under (i) the disability, invalidity
and death, and healthcare insurance plans offered to employees of BNP Paribas (SA) and
(ii) the Garantie Vie Professionnelle Accidents system (death and disability insurance)
covering all employees of BNP Paribas (SA).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

101

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

➤ TABLE NO. 2: COMPONENTS OF COMPENSATION PAID DURING 2024 OR AWARDED IN RESPECT OF THE SAME
YEAR TO MR. JEAN‑LAURENT BONNAFÉ, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, SUBMITTED TO THE VOTE
OF THE SHAREHOLDERS (amounts in euros)

➤ a. Components of compensation awarded in respect of 2024 to Mr. Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ, Chief Executive Officer

Amounts Comments
Fixed compensation

1,843,000 The compensation paid to Mr. Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ is determined following the guidelines
(paid) proposed by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board of directors. The last
increase in the fixed compensation of Mr. Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ, bringing it to
EUR 1,843,000, dates from 7 February 2022, effective from 1 January 2022.

Annual variable compensation(1)

1,936,624 The variable compensation of Mr. Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ evolves depending on criteria
representative of Group results and his managerial performance. It is expressed as a
percentage of a target variable compensation corresponding to 100% of fixed compensation
for the year.
The quantitative criteria depend on indicators linked to the Group’s overall performance;
they are as follows:
■ evolution of net earnings per share for the year compared to the previous year (37.5% of
the target variable compensation);
■ percentage of achievement of the Group’s budgeted gross operating income (37.5% of the

target variable compensation).

CSR criteria also condition 15% of the target variable compensation. They correspond to the
multi‑criteria assessment of the actions taken by the Group with respect to social, societal
and environmental issues.
The qualitative criteria represents 10% of the target variable compensation.
After taking into account quantitative, CSR and qualitative criteria, the Board of directors set
the annual variable compensation of Mr. Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ for 2024 at EUR 1,936,624:
■ half of the non‑deferred portion of the variable compensation will be paid in May 2025,
and half in March 2026, indexed to the performance of the BNP Paribas share;
■ the deferred portion of the variable compensation will be paid in fifths as of 2026. Each

payment will be made half in March every year, and half in March of the following year,
indexed to the performance of the BNP Paribas share. The last payment in respect of
2024 will therefore be made in March 2031;

■ the annual payment of the deferred variable compensation is subject to the condition

that the ROE after tax of the Group for the year preceding the payment is greater than
5%.

The ratio between the annual fixed compensation and variable compensation, as required
under the French Commercial Code, is 105.08%.
Conditional long‑term incentive
plan (fully deferred for a period
of five years)

462,409 The fair value of the LTIP awarded to Mr. Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ on 3 February 2025 with
respect to 2024 amounts to EUR 462,409.

Compensation linked to the term
of directorship

76,777 Mr. Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ receives compensation for his term of his directorship at
BNP Paribas (SA).

Extraordinary compensation

None

Stock options awarded during
the period

None

Performance shares awarded
during the year

None

Benefits in kind

6,267 Mr. Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ has a company car. This amount also includes the employer
contribution of EUR 1,360 paid by BNP Paribas (SA) for 2024 under the Executive Committee
professional life insurance policy, offering an additional EUR 1.10 million in the event of
death or total permanent disability.

The term of the LTIP is five years. The two conditions of the LTIP, one recognising an
increase in the intrinsic value of the BNP Paribas share and the other recognising its
potential outperformance relative to its peers, are assigned equal weighting in order to
measure their effects separately.
Payments under the LTIP may not exceed 137.5% of their award value.

TOTAL

4,325,077

(1) Payment subject to the approval of the Annual General Meeting of 13 May 2025 pursuant to article L.22‑10‑34 II of the French Commercial Code.

102

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

➤ b. Components of compensation paid to Mr. Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ, Chief Executive Officer, during 2024 in respect of previous
years (having been subject to the shareholders’ vote at the time of their award)

Submission date to the AGM
and resolution number

(In euros)

Amounts paid in 2024

Annual variable remuneration

1,913,825
14 May 2024

Including partial payment of the annual variable compensation in respect of 2023

18th resolution

Including partial payment of the annual variable compensation in respect of 2022

15th resolution

Including partial payment of the annual variable compensation in respect of 2021

15th resolution

Including partial payment of the annual variable compensation in respect of 2020

15th resolution

Including partial payment of the annual variable compensation in respect of 2019

16th resolution

Including partial payment of the annual variable compensation in respect of 2018

14th resolution

Including partial payment of the annual variable compensation in respect of 2017

15th resolution

Conditional long‑term incentive plan

14th resolution

375,530

2

16 May 2023
556,739

17 May 2022
221,671

18 May 2021
206,502

19 May 2020
232,430

23 May 2019
223,626

24 May 2018
97,327

23 May 2019
1,405,800

➤ c. Commitments of any kind corresponding to compensation components, indemnities or benefits in kind due or likely to be due
as a result of the assumption, termination or change in functions or after performing these to the benefit of Mr. Jean‑Laurent
BONNAFÉ, Chief Executive Officer

Amounts Comments
Sign‑on bonuses and
severance payments

None Mr. Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ receives no sign‑on bonus or severance payment.

Non‑compete indemnity

None Conditions of the non‑compete clause signed between the Chief Executive Officer and
BNP Paribas (SA) are detailed on page 94 of the Universal registration document.

Supplementary defined‑benefit
pension plan

None Mr. Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ does not benefit from any supplementary defined‑benefit
pension plan.

Supplementary
defined‑contribution pension
plan

1,994 This amount corresponds to the contributions paid in 2024 under the defined‑contribution
pension plan (article 83 of the French General Tax Code) set up for all BNP Paribas (SA)
employees.

Welfare benefit and
healthcare plans

4,368 This amount corresponds to the contributions paid in 2024 under (i) the disability, invalidity
and death and healthcare insurance plans offered to employees of BNP Paribas (SA) and
(ii) the Garantie Vie Professionnelle Accidents system (death and disability insurance)
covering all employees of BNP Paribas (SA).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

103

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

➤ TABLE NO. 3: COMPONENTS OF COMPENSATION PAID DURING 2024 OR AWARDED IN RESPECT OF THE SAME YEAR

TO MR. YANN GÉRARDIN, CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, SUBMITTED TO THE VOTE OF THE SHAREHOLDERS (amounts in
euros)

➤ a. Components of the compensation awarded in respect of 2024 to Mr. Yann GÉRARDIN, Chief Operating Officer

Amounts Comments
Fixed compensation

1,800,000 The compensation paid to Mr. Yann GÉRARDIN is determined following the guidelines
(paid) proposed by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board of directors.
The last increase in the fixed compensation of Mr. Yann GÉRARDIN, effective from 1 January
2024, was decided by the Board of directors and approved by Annual General Meeting of 14
May 2024.

Annual variable compensation(1)

1,910,700 The variable compensation of Mr. Yann GÉRARDIN evolves depending on criteria
representative of the Group’s results as well as the results of the CIB division and his
managerial performance. It is expressed as a percentage of a target variable compensation
corresponding to 100% of fixed compensation for the year.
The quantitative criteria depend on the following performance indicators:
■ evolution of net earnings per share for the year compared to the previous year (18.75% of

the target variable compensation);

■ percentage of achievement of the Group’s budgeted gross operating income (18.75% of

the target variable compensation);

■ evolution of net income before tax for the CIB scope for the year compared to the

previous year (18.75% of the target variable compensation);

■ percentage of achievement of the CIB scope’s gross operating income budget (18.75% of

the target variable compensation).

CSR criteria also condition 15% of the target variable compensation. They correspond to the
multi‑criteria assessment of the actions taken by the Group with respect to social, societal
and environmental issues.
The qualitative criteria represents 10% of the target variable compensation.
After taking into account quantitative, CSR and qualitative criteria, the Board of directors set
the annual variable compensation of Mr. Yann GÉRARDIN for 2024 at EUR 1,910,700:
■ half of the non‑deferred portion of the variable compensation will be paid in May 2025,
and half in March 2026, indexed to the performance of the BNP Paribas share;
■ the deferred portion of the variable compensation will be paid in fifths as of 2026. Each

payment will be made half in March every year, and half in March of the following year,
indexed to the performance of the BNP Paribas share. The last payment in respect of
2024 will therefore be made in March 2031;

■ the annual payment of the deferred variable compensation is subject to the condition that the

ROE after tax of the Group for the year preceding the payment is greater than 5%.

The ratio between the annual fixed compensation and variable compensation, as required
under the French Commercial Code, is 106.15%.
Conditional long‑term incentive
plan (fully deferred for a period
of five years)

451,620 The fair value of the LTIP awarded to Mr. Yann GÉRARDIN on 3 February 2025 with respect
to 2024 amounts to EUR 451,620.
The term of the LTIP is five years. The two conditions of the LTIP, one recognising an
increase in the intrinsic value of the BNP Paribas share and the other recognising its
potential outperformance relative to its peers, are assigned equal weighting in order to
measure their effects separately.
Payments under the LTIP may not exceed 137.5% of their award value.

Compensation linked to the term
of directorship

None Mr. Yann GÉRARDIN does not hold a directorship in Group companies.

Extraordinary compensation

None

Stock options awarded during
the period

None

Performance shares awarded
during the year

None

Benefits in kind

1,360 This amount corresponds to the annual employer contribution paid by BNP Paribas (SA) for
2024 under the Executive Committee professional life insurance policy, offering an
additional EUR 1.10 million in the event of death or total permanent disability.

TOTAL

4,163,680

(1) Payment subject to the approval of the Annual General Meeting of 13 May 2025 pursuant to article L.22‑10‑34 II of the French Commercial Code.

104

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

➤ b. Components of compensation paid to Mr. Yann GÉRARDIN, Chief Operating Officer, during 2024 in respect of previous years
(having been subject to the shareholders’ vote at the time of their award)

Submission date to the AGM
and resolution number

(In euros)

Annual variable remuneration

Amounts paid in 2024
902,482

14 May 2024
Including partial payment of the annual variable compensation in respect of 2023

19th resolution

Including partial payment of the annual variable compensation in respect of 2022

16th resolution

Including partial payment of the annual variable compensation in respect of 2021

17th resolution

134,881

None

None

305,820

2

16 May 2023
461,781

17 May 2022
Conditional long‑term incentive plan

➤ c. Commitments of any kind corresponding to compensation components, indemnities or benefits due or likely to be due in
respect of the assumption, termination or change of functions or after performing these to the benefit of Mr. Yann GÉRARDIN,
Chief Operating Officer

Amounts Comments
Sign‑on bonuses and
severance payments

None Mr. Yann GÉRARDIN receives no sign‑on bonus or severance payment.

Supplementary defined‑benefit
pension plan

None Mr. Yann GÉRARDIN does not benefit from any supplementary defined‑benefit pension plan.

Supplementary
defined‑contribution pension
plan

1,994 This amount corresponds to the contributions paid in 2024 under the defined‑contribution
pension plan (article 83 of the French General Tax Code) set up for all employees of
BNP Paribas (SA).

Welfare benefit and
healthcare plans

4,368 This amount corresponds to the contributions paid in 2024 under (i) the disability, invalidity
and death and healthcare insurance offered to employees of BNP Paribas (SA) and (ii) the
Garantie Vie Professionnelle Accidents system (death and disability insurance) covering all
employees of BNP Paribas (SA).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

105

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

➤ TABLE NO. 4: COMPONENTS OF COMPENSATION PAID DURING 2024 OR AWARDED IN RESPECT OF THE
SAME YEAR TO MR. THIERRY LABORDE, CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, SUBMITTED TO THE VOTE
OF THE SHAREHOLDERS (amounts in euros)

➤ a. Components of the compensation awarded in respect of 2024 to Mr. Thierry LABORDE, Chief Operating Officer

Amounts Comments
Fixed compensation

1,080,000 The compensation paid to Mr. Thierry LABORDE is determined following the guidelines
(paid) proposed by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board of directors.
The last increase in the fixed compensation of Mr. Thierry LABORDE, effective from 1 January
2024, was decided by the Board of directors and approved by Annual General Meeting of 14
May 2024.

Annual variable
compensation(1)

1,090,368 The variable compensation of Mr. Thierry LABORDE evolves depending on criteria
representative of the Group’s results as well as the results of the CPBS division and his
managerial performance. It is expressed as a percentage of a target variable compensation
corresponding to 100% of fixed compensation for the year.
The quantitative criteria depend on the following performance indicators:
■ evolution of net earnings per share for the year compared to the previous year (18.75% of
the target variable compensation);
■ percentage of achievement of the Group’s budgeted gross operating income (18.75% of the

target variable compensation);

■ evolution of net income before tax of the CPBS scope for the year compared to the previous

year (18.75% of the target variable compensation);

■ percentage of achievement of the CPBS scope’s gross operating income budget (18.75% of

the target variable compensation).

CSR criteria also condition 15% of the target variable compensation. They correspond to the
multi‑criteria assessment of the actions taken by the Group with respect to social, societal
and environmental issues.
The qualitative criteria represents 10% of the target variable compensation.
After taking into account quantitative, CSR and qualitative criteria, the Board of directors set
the annual variable compensation of Mr. Thierry LABORDE for 2024 at EUR 1,090,368;
■ half of the non‑deferred portion of the variable compensation will be paid in May 2025, and
half in March 2026, indexed to the performance of the BNP Paribas share;
■ the deferred portion of the variable compensation will be paid in fifths as of 2026. Each

payment will be made half in March every year, and half in March of the following year,
indexed to the performance of the BNP Paribas share. The last payment in respect of 2024
will therefore be made in March 2031;

■ the annual payment of the deferred variable compensation is subject to the condition that the

ROE after tax of the Group for the year preceding the payment is greater than 5%.

The ratio between the annual fixed compensation and variable compensation, as required
under the French Commercial Code, is 100.96%.
Conditional long‑term
incentive plan (fully deferred
for a period of five years)

270,972 The fair value of the LTIP awarded to Mr. Thierry LABORDE on 3 February 2025 with respect to
2024 amounts to EUR 270,962.
The term of the LTIP is five years. The two conditions of the LTIP, one recognising an increase
in the intrinsic value of the BNP Paribas share and the other recognising its potential
outperformance relative to its peers, are assigned equal weighting in order to measure their
effects separately.
Payments under the LTIP may not exceed 137.5% of their award value.

Compensation linked to
the term of directorship

None Mr. Thierry LABORDE does not receive any compensation for the directorships he holds in the
Group’s companies.

Extraordinary compensation

None

Stock options awarded
during the period

None

Performance shares awarded
during the year

None

Benefits in kind

6,708 Mr. Thierry LABORDE has a company car. This amount also includes the employer contribution of
EUR 1,360 paid by BNP Paribas (SA) for 2024 under the Executive Committee professional life insurance
policy, offering an additional EUR 1.10 million in the event of death or total permanent disability.

TOTAL

2,448,048

(1) Payment subject to the approval of the Annual General Meeting of 13 May 2025 pursuant to article L.22‑10‑34 II of the French Commercial Code.

106

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

➤ b. Components of the compensation paid to Mr. Thierry LABORDE, Chief Operating Officer, during 2024 in respect
of previous years (having been subject to a shareholder vote at the time of their award)

Submission date to the AGM
and resolution number

(In euros)

Amounts paid in 2024

Annual variable remuneration

538,999
14 May 2024

Including partial payment of the annual variable compensation in respect of 2023

20th resolution

Including partial payment of the annual variable compensation in respect of 2022

17th resolution

Including partial payment of the annual variable compensation in respect of 2021

18th resolution

78,007

None

None

180,504

2

16 May 2023
280,488

17 May 2022
Conditional long‑term incentive plan

➤ c. Commitments of any kind corresponding to compensation components, indemnities or benefits due or likely to be due
in respect of the assumption, termination or change of functions or after performing these to the benefit
of Mr. Thierry LABORDE, Chief Operating Officer

Amounts Comments
Sign‑on bonuses and
severance payments

None Mr. Thierry LABORDE does not receive any sign‑on bonus or severance payment.

Supplementary defined‑benefit
pension plan

None Mr. Thierry LABORDE does not benefit from any supplementary defined‑benefit pension
plan.

Supplementary
defined‑contribution pension plan

1,994 This amount corresponds to the contributions paid in 2024 under the
defined‑contribution pension plan (article 83 of the French General Tax Code) set up for
all employees of BNP Paribas (SA).

Welfare benefit and
healthcare plans

4,368 This amount corresponds to the contributions paid in 2024 under (i) the disability,
invalidity and death and healthcare insurance plans offered to employees of BNP Paribas
(SA) and (ii) the Garantie Vie Professionnelle Accidents system (death and disability
insurance) covering all employees of BNP Paribas (SA).

Compensation multiples and evolutions
In accordance with the provisions of article L.22‑10‑9 of the French
Commercial Code and the Afep guidelines on compensation multiples
updated in February 2021, the level of compensation due or awarded
to the Chairman of the Board of directors, the Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Operating Officers, with respect to the average
compensation and the median compensation based on full‑time
equivalent employees of BNP Paribas (SA), as well as evolutions of
this compensation, these ratios and the Company’s performance
criteria, are shown below.
This information is provided over a five‑year period.

Compensation due or awarded to employees includes fixed
compensation, variable compensation, commercial bonuses, loyalty
plans, profit‑sharing and incentive bonuses, as well as benefits in
kind.
The compensation due or awarded to corporate officers includes
fixed compensation, variable compensation, fair value of the
long‑term incentive plan, directors’ compensation, as well as
benefits in kind, information already presented in chapter 2 of this
document for 2023 and 2024.
All this compensation, due or awarded, is presented on a gross basis,
excluding employer contributions.

The employees considered are those of BNP Paribas (SA) in France
and its branches, continuously present over the year.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

107

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

The table below shows the compensation multiples and their evolutions for each corporate officer.

Year
2020

2021

2022(1)

2023(2)

2024

9,822

13,637

13,214

11,725

16,188

-14%

39%

6%

-11%

38%

8,364

12,199

12,564

11,236

15,437

Performance of the Company
Net pre‑tax income (in millions of euros)
Evolution between N/N‑1
Operating income (in millions of euros)
Evolution between N/N‑1

-17%

46%

13%

-11%

37%

Net earnings per share (in euros)

5.31

7.26

7.80

8.58

9.57

Evolution between N/N‑1

-14%

37%

7%

10%

12%

Compensation of employees
Average compensation (in thousands of euros)

88

93

96

99

101

2%

6%

3%

2%

2%

57

59

62

66

67

2%

4%

5%

5%

3%

1,013

1,020

1,018

1,020

1,033

0%

1%

0%

0%

1%

12

11

11

10

10

-2%

-5%

-3%

-2%

-1%

Evolution between N/N‑1
Median compensation (in thousands of euros)
Evolution between N/N‑1
Chairman of the Board of directors
Compensation of the Chairman of the Board of directors
(in thousands of euros)
Evolution between N/N‑1
Average compensation of employees ratio
Evolution between N/N‑1
Median compensation of employees ratio
Evolution between N/N‑1

18

17

16

16

15

-2%

-3%

-5%

-5%

-1%

3,756

4,110

4,604

4,402

4,325

-3%

9%

12%

-4%

-2%

43

44

48

45

43

-5%

3%

8%

-7%

-4%

Chief Executive Officer
Compensation of the Chief Executive Officer (in thousands of euros)
Evolution between N/N‑1
Average compensation of employees ratio
Evolution between N/N‑1
Median compensation of employees ratio
Evolution between N/N‑1

66

69

74

67

64

-5%

6%

7%

-9%

-4%

3,924

3,722

3,527

4,164

-5%

-5%

18%

39

36

41

-8%

-7%

15%

Yann Gérardin, Chief Operating Officer(3)
Compensation of the Chief Operating Officer (in thousands of euros)
Evolution between N/N‑1
Average compensation of employees ratio

42

Evolution between N/N‑1
Median compensation of employees ratio

66

Evolution between N/N‑1

60

54

62

-10%

-10%

15%

2,251

2,107

2,448

-3%

-6%

16%

23

21

24

-6%

-9%

14%

Thierry Laborde, Chief Operating Officer(3)
Compensation of the Chief Operating Officer (in thousands of euros)

2,323

Evolution between N/N‑1
Average compensation of employees ratio

25

Evolution between N/N‑1
Median compensation of employees ratio
Evolution between N/N‑1

39

36

32

36

-8%

-11%

13%

(1) 2022 results had been recomposed to take into account the enforcement of IFRS 5 and IFRS 17 accounting standards, in order to be comparable with
2023 results.
(2) 2023 results are on an accounting basis.
(3) The terms of offices of Messrs Yann Gérardin and Thierry Laborde as Chief Operating Officers began on 18 May 2021. Their compensation for 2021 has
been annualised for comparability purposes.

Application of the provisions of the second paragraph of article L.225‑45 of the French Commercial Code

The provisions of the second paragraph of article L.225‑45 of the French Commercial Code do not need to be applied in 2024.

108

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

OTHER INFORMATION ON THE COMPENSATION OF CORPORATE OFFICERS PAID OR AWARDED IN
RESPECT OF 2024, NOT SUBMITTED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS’ VOTE
The components below, relating to the compensation of corporate officers, reiterate some information already presented in this chapter.

➤ TOTAL COMPENSATION AWARDED IN RESPECT OF 2024 AND COMPARISON WITH 2023
Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ
(In euros)

Yann GÉRARDIN

Thierry LABORDE

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

Fixed compensation amount

1,843,000

1,843,000

1,500,000

1,800,000

900,000

1,080,000

Annual variable compensation awarded

1,877,648

1,936,624

1,529,100

1,910,700

902,520

1,090,368

Sub‑total

3,720,648

3,779,624

3,029,100

3,710,700

1,802,520

2,170,368

LTIP amount (fair value)(1)

610,217

462,409

496,650

451,620

297,990

270,972

4,330,865

4,242,033

3,525,750

4,162,320

2,100,510

2,441,340

TOTAL

2

(1) This is an estimated value at the award date. The final amount will be known at the date of payment.

Share ownership
The Board of directors has decided that the minimum number of
shares that Messrs Jean Lemierre, Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé, Yann
Gérardin and Thierry Laborde shall be required to hold for the
duration of their terms of office shall be 10,000, 80,000, 30,000 and
20,000 shares respectively. The four interested parties have
complied with this obligation, through the direct ownership of shares
or units in the Company Savings Plan fully invested in BNP Paribas
shares.

Quantitative information on the compensation
of corporate officers
The table after shows the gross compensation awarded in respect of
the year, including compensation linked to a term of directorship and
benefits in kind, for each corporate officer.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

109

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

➤ SUMMARY TABLE OF THE COMPENSATION AWARDED TO EACH CORPORATE OFFICER
(In euros)

2023

2024

Awarded amounts

Awarded amounts

Jean LEMIERRE

Fixed compensation

950,000

950,000

Chairman of the
Board
of directors

Annual variable compensation

None

None

Conditional long‑term incentive plan

None

None

Value of stock options awarded during the year

None

None

Value of performance shares awarded during the year

None

None

950,000

950,000

Sub‑total
Extraordinary compensation

None

None

Compensation linked to the term of directorship

64,758

76,777

Benefits in kind(1)

5,023

5,951

1,019,781

1,032,728

Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ Fixed compensation

TOTAL

1,843,000

1,843,000

Chief Executive
Officer

1,877,648

1,936,624

610,217

462,409

None

None

Annual variable compensation
Conditional long‑term incentive plan(2)
Value of stock options awarded during the year
Value of performance shares awarded during the year
Sub‑total

None

None

4,330,865

4,242,033

Extraordinary compensation

None

None

Compensation linked to the term of directorship

64,758

76,777

Benefits in kind(1)

6,267

6,267

TOTAL

4,401,890

4,325,077

Yann GÉRARDIN

Fixed compensation

1,500,000

1,800,000

Chief Operating
Officer

Annual variable compensation

1,529,100

1,910,700

496,650

451,620

None

None

Conditional long‑term incentive plan(2)
Value of stock options awarded during the year
Value of performance shares awarded during the year
Sub‑total
Extraordinary compensation

None

None

3,525,750

4,162,320

None

None

Compensation linked to the term of directorship

None

None

Benefits in kind(1)

1,360

1,360

3,527,110

4,163,680

TOTAL
Thierry LABORDE

Fixed compensation

900,000

1,080,000

Chief Operating
Officer

Annual variable compensation

902,520

1,090,368

Conditional long‑term incentive plan(2)

297,990

270,972

Value of stock options awarded during the year

None

None

Value of performance shares awarded during the year

None

None

Sub‑total

2,100,510

2,441,340

Extraordinary compensation

None

None

Compensation linked to the term of directorship

None

None

Benefits in kind(1)
TOTAL

6,708

6,708

2,107,218

2,448,048

(1) The Chairman of the Board of directors, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officers, if applicable, have a company car. The Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Operating Officers benefit from the Executive Committee professional life insurance, for which the Company’s contribution is recognised
as a benefit in kind.
(2) Value of amount awarded subject to performance conditions.

110

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

The tables below show the gross compensation paid in 2024, including compensation linked to directorships and benefits in kind, for each
corporate officer.

➤ SUMMARY TABLE OF COMPENSATION PAID AS CORPORATE OFFICER
2023

2024

Paid amounts

Paid amounts

950,000

950,000

None

None

None

None

Extraordinary compensation

None

None

Compensation linked to the term of directorship

64,758

76,777

Benefits in kind(1)

5,023

5,951

1,019,781

1,032,728

1,843,000

1,843,000

1,775,057

1,913,825

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2023

None

375,530

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2022

386,293

556,739

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2021

461,683

221,671

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2020

198,511

206,502

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2019

223,218

232,430

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2018

214,434

223,626

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2017

185,320

97,327

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2016

105,598

None

781,000(2)

1,405,800(2)

Extraordinary compensation

None

None

Compensation linked to the term of directorship

64,758

76,777

Benefits in kind(1)

6,267

6,267

TOTAL

4,470,082

5,245,669

Fixed compensation

1,500,000

1,800,000

601,354

902,482

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2023

None

305,820

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2022

320,400

461,781

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2021

280,954

134,881

Conditional long‑term incentive plan

None

None

Extraordinary compensation

None

None

Compensation linked to the term of directorship

None

None

Benefits in kind(1)

1,360

1,360

2,102,714

2,703,842

(In euros)

Jean LEMIERRE

Fixed compensation
Chairman of the Board
Annual variable compensation
of directors
Conditional long‑term incentive plan

TOTAL
Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ Fixed compensation
Chief Executive Officer

Annual variable compensation

Conditional long‑term incentive plan

Yann GÉRARDIN
Chief Operating Officer

Annual variable compensation

TOTAL

2

(1) See footnote on the following page.
(2) See footnote on the following page.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

111

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2023

2024

Paid amounts

Paid amounts

Fixed compensation

900,000

1,080,000

Annual variable compensation

357,137

538,999

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2023

None

180,504

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2022

194,616

280,488

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2021

162,521

78,007

Conditional long‑term incentive plan

None

None

Extraordinary compensation

None

None

Compensation linked to the term of directorship

None

None

Benefits in kind(1)

6,708

6,708

1,263,845

1,625,707

(In euros)

Thierry LABORDE
Chief Operating Officer

TOTAL
The average tax and social contribution rate on this compensation is 33.5% in 2024 (compared to 34% for 2023).

(1) The Chairman of the Board of directors, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officers, if applicable, have a company car. The Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Operating Officers benefit from the Executive Committee professional life insurance, for which the Company’s contribution is recognised
as a benefit in kind.
(2) The application of the performance conditions attached to the LTIP awarded in 2019 led to a payment in 2024 corresponding to 90% of the amount
awarded to Mr. Bonnafé. As a reminder, the application of the performance conditions attached to the LTIP awarded in 2018 led to a payment in 2023
corresponding to 50% of the amount awarded to Mr. Bonnafé.

➤ SUMMARY TABLE OF COMPENSATION PAID DURING THEIR TERMS OF OFFICE, IN RESPECT OF THEIR PREVIOUS
ACTIVITIES AS EMPLOYEES OF THE GROUP

2023

2024

Paid amounts

Paid amounts

None

None

1,208,802

930,044

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2021

103,350

107,175

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2020

242,426

251,882

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2019

234,332

243,701

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2018

314,114

327,286

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2017

314,580

None

319,200

473,536

Extraordinary compensation

None

None

Compensation linked to the term of directorship

None

None

Benefits in kind

None

None

1,528,002

1,403,580

(In euros)

Yann GÉRARDIN

Fixed compensation

Chief Operating Officer

Annual variable compensation(1)

Long‑term compensation

TOTAL
(1) See footnote on the following page.

112

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2023

2024

Paid amounts

Paid amounts

None

None

212,074

196,186

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2021

35,751

37,074

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2020

62,052

64,471

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2019

46,704

48,571

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2018

44,233

46,070

of which annual variable compensation in respect of 2017

23,334

None

446,880

473,536

Extraordinary compensation

None

None

Compensation linked to the term of directorship

None

None

Benefits in kind

None

None

658,954

669,722

(In euros)

Thierry LABORDE

Fixed compensation

Chief Operating Officer

Annual variable compensation(1)

Long‑term compensation

TOTAL

2

2

(1) The amounts shown here correspond to the deferred variable compensation awarded in respect of the previous salaried activities of the corporate
officers, prior to their term of office.
The average tax and social contribution rate on this compensation is 33.5% in 2024 (compared to 34% in 2023).

➤ STOCK SUBSCRIPTION OR PURCHASE OPTIONS

➤ PERFORMANCE SHARES THAT BECAME AVAILABLE

AWARDED DURING THE YEAR TO EACH CORPORATE
OFFICER BY THE ISSUER AND BY ANY GROUP
COMPANY

DURING THE YEAR FOR EACH CORPORATE OFFICER

No stock subscription or purchase options were awarded during the
year to the corporate officers by the Company or by any other Group
company.

No performance share became available during the year for the
corporate officers.

➤ HISTORY OF STOCK SUBSCRIPTION
OR PURCHASE OPTIONS

None.

➤ STOCK SUBSCRIPTION OR PURCHASE OPTIONS
EXERCISED DURING THE YEAR BY EACH
CORPORATE OFFICER

➤ HISTORY OF PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARDS

No stock subscription or purchase options were exercised during the
year by the corporate officers.

None.

➤ PERFORMANCE SHARES AWARDED DURING

THE YEAR TO EACH CORPORATE OFFICER BY THE
ISSUER AND BY ANY GROUP COMPANY

No performance share was awarded during the year to corporate
officers by the Company or any company in the Group.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

113

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

➤ ASSUMPTIONS USED TO VALUE THE CONDITIONAL LONG‑TERM INCENTIVE PLAN AWARDED IN 2025 IN RESPECT OF
2024 IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE METHOD ADOPTED FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Reminder
LTIP with respect to 2023

LTIP with respect to 2024

Award date of the plan

31/01/2024

03/02/2025

Opening price of BNP Paribas share

EUR 62.45

EUR 64.18

Opening level of the EURO STOXX Banks index

121.66

159.54

Zero‑coupon rate

Euribor

Euribor

Volatility of the BNP Paribas share

23.42%

22.98%

Volatility of the EURO STOXX Banks index

21.66%

21.16%

Correlation between the BNP Paribas share and the EURO STOXX Banks index

93.00%

89.04%

Monte‑Carlo

Monte‑Carlo

33.11%

25.09%

Valuation at award date

Financial model used
Fair value of the plan at award date(1)
(1) As a percentage of the awarded amount.

➤ ASSUMPTIONS USED TO VALUE(1) AT AWARD DATE AND AT 31 DECEMBER 2024 THE CONDITIONAL LONG‑TERM
INCENTIVE PLAN AWARDED IN RESPECT OF PREVIOUS EXERCICES

Initial value of the share
at award date(2)

Fair value at award
date(3)

Closing price of BNP Paribas share

Valuation at closing
date 31/12/2023

Valuation at closing
date 31/12/2024

EUR 62.59

EUR 59.22

Closing level of the EURO STOXX Banks index

118.38

146.04

Zero‑coupon rate

Euribor

Euribor

Volatility of the BNP Paribas share

23.77%

22.96%

Volatility of the EURO STOXX Banks index

22.32%

21.32%

Correlation between the BNP Paribas share and the EURO STOXX
Banks index
Financial model used

93.31%

89.09%

Monte‑Carlo

Monte‑Carlo

Fair value of the plan awarded on 4 February 2020

EUR 45.27

39.56%

88.25%

64.82%

Fair value of the plan awarded on 4 February 2021

EUR 36.83

41.59%

72.78%

67.79%

Fair value of the plan awarded on 7 February 2022

EUR 55.13

43.58%

34.85%

19.49%

Fair value of the plan awarded on 6 February 2023

EUR 50.98

41.22%

41.32%

26.91%

Fair value of the plan awarded on 31 January 2024

EUR 58.79

33.11%

19.18%

(1) Valuation with the method adopted for the consolidated financial statements.
(2) The initial value is the average of the opening price of the BNP Paribas share for the rolling twelve‑month period preceding the award date.
(3) As a percentage of the awarded amount.

➤ VALUATION(1) OF THE CONDITIONAL LONG‑TERM INCENTIVE PLAN AT THE AWARD DATE AND AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Award date of the plan
Maturity date
of the plan
Valuation(1)
Jean LEMIERRE
Jean‑Laurent
BONNAFÉ

04/02/2020

04/02/2021

07/02/2022

06/02/2023

04/02/2025

04/02/2026

07/02/2027

06/02/2028

03/02/2025

31/01/2029 03/02/2030

At award
At
At award
At
At award
At
At award
At
At award
At
At award
date
31/12/2024
date
31/12/2024
date
31/12/2024
date
31/12/2024
date
31/12/2024
date
-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

617,927

1,012,432

649,636

1,058,803

680,720

304,499

759,685

496,024

610,217

353,427

462,409

Yann GÉRARDIN

-

-

-

-

404,169

180,793

618,300

403,709

496,650

287,651

451,620

Thierry LABORDE

-

-

-

-

242,502

108,476

370,980

242,226

297,990

172,591

270,972

617,927

1,012,432

649,636

1,058,803

1,327,391

593,767

1,748,965

1,141,959

1,404,857

813,669

1,185,001

TOTAL

(1) Valuation according to the method adopted for the consolidated financial statements.

114

31/01/2024

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

➤ DETAILED CONTRACTUAL SITUATION OF THE GROUP’S CORPORATE OFFICERS

Employment contract
Yes

Corporate officers in 2024

Yes

✓(1)

✓(2)

✓(3)

✓(2)

✓

✓(5)

✓(2)

✓

✓

✓(5)

✓(2)

✓

✓

Chairman of the Board of directors
Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ
Chief Executive Officer
Chief Operating Officer
Thierry LABORDE
Chief Operating Officer

No

Yes

Non‑compete indemnity

No

Jean LEMIERRE

Yann GÉRARDIN

Supplementary pension plan

Payments or benefits due or likely
to become due upon termination
or change in functions
No

Yes

No

✓

✓

2

✓(4)

(1) Waiver of employment contract with effect from 1 December 2014 in accordance with Afep‑MEDEF Code.
(2) Messrs Jean Lemierre, Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé, Yann Gérardin and Thierry Laborde benefit exclusively from the pension plan set up for all BNP Paribas (SA)
employees (article 83 of the French General Tax Code).
(3) Waiver of employment contract with effect from 1 July 2012.
(4) See section regarding the Non‑compete agreement.
(5) Employment contract suspended.

SUMMARY OF TRANSACTIONS REPORTED ON BNP PARIBAS STOCK
The following table lists the transactions indicated in article L.621‑18‑2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code on the Company’s securities,
covered by articles 223‑22 A to 223‑26 of the General regulation of the AMF, carried out in 2024 by the directors and corporate officers and
which must be disclosed pursuant to the AMF regulations.

First name and surname
Quality

Amount of
transactions

Transactions carried out

Type of financial instrument

Nature of the transaction

Number of
transactions

On a personal basis

BNP Paribas shares

Purchase

1

138,948

On a personal basis

BNP Paribas shares

Purchase

1

141,391

On a personal basis

BNP Paribas shares

Purchase

2

12,296

On a personal basis

BNP Paribas shares

Purchase

3

353,931

On a personal basis

BNP Paribas shares

Purchase

1

64,460

On a personal basis

BNP Paribas shares

Purchase

2

65,455

(in euros)

Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ
Chief Executive Officer
Yann GÉRARDIN
Chief Operating Officer
Thierry LABORDE
Chief Operating Officer
Jean LEMIERRE
Chairman
Marie‑Christine LOMBARD
Director
Annemarie STRAATHOF
Director

2.1.4 OTHER INFORMATION
1

INFORMATION ON STOCK SUBSCRIPTION OR PURCHASE OPTIONS AND ON PERFORMANCE
SHARES

The Company did not grant any instruments to employees who are not directors or corporate officers in 2024.
No instruments were transferred or exercised in 2024 for the benefit of employees who are not directors or corporate officers.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

115

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

2

TABLE OF DELEGATIONS

Resolutions adopted at Shareholders’ Annual General Meetings valid for 2024
The following delegations to increase or reduce the share capital have been granted to the Board of directors under resolutions approved by
Shareholders’ Annual General Meetings and were valid during 2024:

Resolutions adopted at Shareholders’ General Meetings

Use of authorisation in 2024

Shareholders’ Combined
Capital increase, with preferential subscription rights maintained, through the issue of
General Meeting of 17 May ordinary shares and securities (valeurs mobilières) giving access immediately or in the
2022
future to shares to be issued.

This resolution was
not used during the
period

(21st resolution)

The nominal amount of capital increases that may be carried out, immediately and/or in
the future, by virtue of this delegation, may not exceed EUR 985 million (i.e. 492,500,000
shares).
This authorisation was granted for a period of 26 months and replaces that granted by the
19th resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 19 May 2020.

Shareholders’ Combined
Capital increase, without preferential subscription rights, by issue of ordinary shares and
General Meeting of 17 May securities (valeurs mobilières) giving access immediately or in the future to shares to be
2022
issued.
(22nd resolution)

This resolution was
not used during the
period

The nominal amount of capital increases that may be carried out, immediately and/or in
the future, by virtue of this authorisation, may not exceed EUR 240 million (i.e. 120 million
shares).
This authorisation was granted for a period of 26 months and replaces that granted by the
20th resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 19 May 2020.

Shareholders’ Combined
Capital increase, with cancellation of preferential subscription rights, through the issue of
General Meeting of 17 May ordinary shares and securities (valeurs mobilières) giving access, immediately or in the
2022
future, to shares to be issued intended to remunerate contributions of securities up to a
limit of 10% of the share capital.
(23rd resolution)

This resolution was
not used during the
period

The nominal amount of capital increases that may be carried out in one or more times by
virtue of this authorisation, may not exceed 10% of the share capital of BNP Paribas as at
the date of the decision of the Board of directors.

This delegation was given for a period of 26 months and replaces that granted by the 21st
resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 19 May 2020.
Shareholders’ Combined
Overall limit on authorisations to issue shares with cancellation or without preferential
This resolution was
General Meeting of 17 May subscription rights for existing shareholders.
not used during the
2022
period
The maximum nominal amount of capital increases with cancellation or without
(24th resolution)
preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders carried out immediately and/or in
the future may not exceed EUR 240 million as part of authorisations by virtue of the 22nd
and 23rd resolutions of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 17 May 2022.
This resolution was
Capital increase by capitalising reserves, retained earnings, additional paid‑in capital or
Shareholders’ Combined
not used during the
General Meeting of 17 May contribution premium.
2022
Authorisation was given to increase the share capital up to a maximum amount of EUR 985 period
million in one or more times, by capitalising all or part of the reserves, profits or additional
(25th resolution)
paid‑in capital, merger or contribution premiums, successively or simultaneously, through
the issuance and award of free shares, through an increase in the par value of existing
shares, or through a combination of these two methods.
This authorisation was granted for a period of 26 months and replaces that granted by the
23rd resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 19 May 2020.
Shareholders’ Combined
Overall limit on authorisations to issue shares with, with cancellation or without
This resolution was
General Meeting of 17 May preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders
not used during the
2022
period
The maximum nominal amount of capital increases with, with cancellation or without
(26th resolution)
preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders carried out immediately and/or in
the future may not exceed EUR 985 million as part of authorisations by virtue of the 21st to
23rd resolutions of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 17 May 2022.

116

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Resolutions adopted at Shareholders’ General Meetings

Use of authorisation in 2024

Shareholders’ Combined
Authorisation granted to the Board of directors to carry out transactions reserved for
General Meeting of 17 May members of the BNP Paribas Group Company Savings Plan, with cancellation of
2022
preferential subscription rights, which may take the form of capital increases and/or
disposals of reserved titles.
(27th resolution)

This resolution was
not used during the
period

2

Authorisation was given to increase the share capital within the limit of a maximum
nominal amount of EUR 46 million in one or more times by issuing ordinary shares (with
cancellation of preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders), reserved for
members of the BNP Paribas Group’s Company Savings Plan, or by selling of shares.

2

This authorisation was granted for a period of 26 months and replaces that granted by the
25th resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 19 May 2020.
Shareholders’ Combined
Authorisation given to the Board of directors to set up a share buyback programme by the
General Meeting of 16 May Company up to a maximum of 10% of the shares comprising the share capital.
2023
Said acquisitions of shares, at a price not exceeding EUR 89 per share (previously EUR 88),
(5th resolution)
would be intended to fulfil several objectives:
■ cancelling shares in accordance with conditions set by the Shareholders’ Combined
General Meeting of 16 May 2023 (21st resolution);
■ fulfilling obligations arising from the issue of securities giving access to capital, stock

option programmes, the award of free shares, the award or assignment of shares to
employees in connection with the employee profit‑sharing scheme or Company Savings
Plans, and all forms of share grants to employees and/or directors and corporate
officers of BNP Paribas and the companies controlled exclusively by BNP Paribas as
defined in article L.233‑16 of the French Commercial Code;

■ holding and subsequently remitting them in exchange or payment for external growth

As part of the share
buyback programme
authorised by the
Board of directors on
31 January 2024,
16,666,738 shares
were repurchased
from 4 March 2024
to 23 April 2024, by
virtue of this
delegation,
representing 1.45% of
the share capital

transactions, mergers, spin‑offs or asset contributions;

■ under a market‑making agreement in accordance with Decision No. 2021‑01 of 22 June

2021 of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – AMF);

■ carrying out investment services for which BNP Paribas is authorised or to hedge them.

This authorisation was granted for a period of 18 months and replaces that granted by the
5th resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 17 May 2022.
Pursuant to the
Shareholders’ Combined
In the context of an offer referred to in article L.411‑2 1° of the French Monetary and
General Meeting of 16 May Financial Code, authorisation granted to the Board of directors to increase the share capital authorisation to the
Board of directors of
2023
with cancellation of preferential subscription rights, through the issue of super
subordinated convertible contingent bonds that would be converted into ordinary shares of 16 May 2023, issue
(19th resolution)
on 14 February 2024
BNP Paribas to be issued, up to a limit of 10% of the share capital, only in the event that
the Common Equity Tier One ratio (“CET1”) becomes equal to or falls below a threshold of of AT1 Bonds
(super‑subordinated
5.125%.
convertible
The Board of directors is authorised to increase the share capital in one or more times,
contingent bonds) for
with cancellation of preferential subscription rights, by offering securities to a restricted
circle of investors and/or qualified investors, as part of issues of super‑subordinated bonds a nominal amount of
USD 1.5 billion,
convertible into ordinary shares of BNP Paribas in the event that the Group’s Common
which may give rise
Equity Tier One (CET 1) ratio becomes equal to or falls below the threshold of 5.125% or
in the event of
any other threshold allowing classification as additional Tier 1 capital instruments (the
conversion to a
“AT1 Bonds”). These AT1 Bonds will be denominated in USD, it being recalled that the
capital increase
ordinary shares are denominated in euros.
equal to a maximum
The maximum nominal amount of capital increases that may be carried out, in one or more
of EUR 73,342,200,
times, by virtue of this delegation, is set at EUR 240 million, and may not exceed 10% of the
subject to any
share capital of BNP Paribas per year as at the date of the issue decision.
adjustments
This delegation was granted for a period of 14 months.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

117

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Resolutions adopted at Shareholders’ General Meetings

Use of authorisation in 2024

Shareholders’ Combined
Authorisation granted to the Board of directors to carry out transactions reserved for
General Meeting of 16 May members of the BNP Paribas Group Company Savings Plan, with cancellation of
2023
preferential subscription rights, which may take the form of capital increases and/or
disposals of reserved titles.
(20th resolution)

This resolution was
not used during the
period

Authorisation is given to increase, in one or more times, the share capital by a maximum
nominal amount of EUR 46 million, through the issue of ordinary shares or securities
(valeurs mobilières) governed by article L.228‑92 paragraph 1 of the French Commercial
Code giving access to the share capital of BNP Paribas reserved for members of the
BNP Paribas Group Company Savings Plan or by disposal of shares.
This authorisation was granted for a period of 26 months and replaces that granted by the
27th resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 17 May 2022.

Cancellation of
Shareholders’ Combined
Authorisation granted to the Board of directors to reduce the share capital by cancelling
16,666,738 shares
General Meeting of 16 May shares.
with a par value of
2023
Authorisation is given to cancel, in one or more times, through reduction of the share
EUR 2 on 6 May 2024
(21st resolution)
capital, all or some of the shares that BNP Paribas holds and that it could hold, up to a
maximum of 10% of the total number of shares constituting the share capital existing as at representing 1.45% of
the share capital
the date of the transaction, for a period of 24 months.
Delegation of all powers to carry out this reduction in share capital, and allocate the
difference between the purchase price of the cancelled shares and their nominal value to
share premium and retained earnings, including the legal reserve up to 10% of the share
capital cancelled.
This authorisation was granted for a period of 18 months and replaces that granted by the
28th resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 17 May 2022.
Authorisation given to the Board of directors to set up a share buyback programme by the This resolution was
Shareholders’ Combined
not used during the
General Meeting of 14 May Company up to a maximum of 10% of the shares comprising the share capital.
2024
Said acquisitions of shares, at a price not exceeding EUR 96 per share (previously EUR 89), period
(5th resolution)
would be intended to fulfil several objectives:
■ cancelling shares in accordance with conditions set by the Shareholders’ Combined
General Meeting of 14 May 2024 (32nd resolution);
■ fulfilling obligations arising from the issue of securities giving access to capital, stock

option programmes, the award of free shares, the award or assignment of shares to
employees in connection with the employee profit‑sharing scheme or Company Savings
Plans, and all forms of share grants to employees and/or directors and corporate
officers of BNP Paribas and the companies controlled exclusively by BNP Paribas as
defined in article L.233‑16 of the French Commercial Code;

■ holding and subsequently remitting them in exchange or payment for external growth

transactions, mergers, spin‑offs or asset contributions;

■ under a market‑making agreement in accordance with Decision No. 2021‑01 of 22 June

2021 of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – AMF);

■ carrying out investment services for which BNP Paribas is authorised or to hedge them.

This authorisation was granted for a period of 18 months and replaces that granted by the
5th resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 16 May 2023.
Shareholders’ Combined
Capital increase, with preferential subscription rights maintained, through the issue of
General Meeting of 14 May ordinary shares and securities (valeurs mobilières) giving access immediately or in the
2024
future to shares to be issued.
(24th resolution)

The nominal amount of capital increases that may be carried out, immediately and/or in
the future, by virtue of this authorisation, may not exceed EUR 915 million (i.e. 457,500,000
shares).
This authorisation was granted for a period of 26 months and replaces that granted by the
21st resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 17 May 2022.

118

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

This resolution was
not used during the
period

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Resolutions adopted at Shareholders’ General Meetings

Use of authorisation in 2024

Shareholders’ Combined
Capital increase, without preferential subscription rights, by issue of ordinary shares and
General Meeting of 14 May securities (valeurs mobilières) giving access immediately or in the future to shares to be
2024
issued.

This resolution was
not used during the
period

(25th resolution)

2

The nominal amount of capital increases that may be carried out, immediately and/or in
the future, by virtue of this authorisation, may not exceed EUR 225 million (i.e. 112,500,000
shares).
This authorisation was granted for a period of 26 months and replaces that granted by the
22nd resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 17 May 2022.

Shareholders’ Combined
Capital increase, with cancellation of preferential subscription rights, through the issue of
General Meeting of 14 May ordinary shares and securities (valeurs mobilières) giving access, immediately or in the
2024
future, to shares to be issued intended to remunerate contributions of securities up to a
limit of 10% of the share capital.
(26th resolution)

2

This resolution was
not used during the
period

The nominal amount of capital increases that may be carried out in one or more times by
virtue of this authorisation, may not exceed 10% of the share capital of BNP Paribas as at
the date of the decision of the Board of directors.
This delegation was granted for a period of 26 months and replaces that granted by the
23rd resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 17 May 2022.

Shareholders’ Combined
Overall limit on authorisations to issue shares with cancellation or without preferential
This resolution was
General Meeting of 14 May subscription rights for existing shareholders.
not used during the
2024
period
The maximum nominal amount of capital increases with cancellation or without
(27th resolution)
preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders carried out immediately and/or in
the future may not exceed EUR 225 million as part of authorisations by virtue of the 25th
and 26th resolutions of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 14 May 2024.
This resolution was
Shareholders’ Combined
Capital increase by capitalising reserves, retained earnings, additional paid‑in capital or
not used during the
General Meeting of 14 May contribution premium.
2024
Authorisation was given to increase the share capital up to a maximum amount of EUR 915 period
million in one or more times, by capitalising all or part of the reserves, profits or additional
(28th resolution)
paid‑in capital, merger or contribution premiums, successively or simultaneously, through
the issuance and award of free shares, through an increase in the par value of existing
shares, or through a combination of these two methods.
This authorisation was granted for a period of 26 months and replaces that granted by the
25th resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 17 May 2022.
Shareholders’ Combined
Overall limit on authorisations to issue shares with, with cancellation or without
This resolution was
General Meeting of 14 May preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders
not used during the
2024
period
The maximum nominal amount of capital increases with, with cancellation or without
(29th resolution)
preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders carried out immediately and/or in
the future may not exceed EUR 915 million as part of authorisations by virtue of the 24th to
26th resolutions of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 14 May 2024.
Authorisation granted to the Board of directors to carry out transactions reserved for
Shareholders’ Combined
General Meeting of 14 May members of the BNP Paribas Group Company Savings Plan, with cancellation of
preferential subscription rights, which may take the form of capital increases and/or
2024
disposals of reserved titles.
(30th resolution)

This resolution was
not used during the
period

Authorisation is given to increase, in one or more times, the share capital by a maximum
nominal amount of EUR 45 million, through the issue of ordinary shares or share
equivalents (valeurs mobilières) governed by article L.228‑92 paragraph 1 of the French
Commercial Code giving access to the share capital of BNP Paribas reserved for members
of the BNP Paribas Group Company Savings Plan or by disposal of shares.
This authorisation was granted for a period of 26 months and replaces that granted by the
20th resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 16 May 2023.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

119

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Report on Corporate governance

Resolutions adopted at Shareholders’ General Meetings

Use of authorisation in 2024

Pursuant to the
Shareholders’ Combined
In the context of an offer referred to in article L.411‑2 1° of the French Monetary and
General Meeting of 14 May Financial Code, authorisation granted to the Board of directors to increase the share capital authorisation to the
Board of directors of
2024
with cancellation of preferential subscription rights, through the issue of
14 May 2024, issue
super‑subordinated convertible contingent bonds that would be converted into ordinary
(31st resolution)
on 3 September 2024
shares of BNP Paribas to be issued, up to a limit of 10% of the share capital, only in the
of AT1 Bonds (super
event that the Common Equity Tier One ratio (“CET1”) becomes equal to or falls below a
subordinated
threshold of 5.125%.
convertible
The Board of directors is authorised to increase the share capital in one or more times,
contingent bonds) for
with cancellation of preferential subscription rights, by offering securities to a restricted
circle of investors and/or qualified investors, as part of issues of super‑subordinated bonds a nominal amount of
USD 1 billion, which
convertible into ordinary shares of BNP Paribas in the event that the Group’s Common
may give rise in the
Equity Tier One (CET 1) ratio becomes equal to or falls below the threshold of 5.125% or
event of conversion
any other threshold allowing classification as additional Tier 1 capital instruments (the
to a capital increase
“AT1 Bonds”). These AT1 Bonds will be denominated in USD, it being recalled that the
equal to a maximum
ordinary shares are denominated in euros.
of EUR 41,542,800,
The maximum nominal amount of capital increases that may be carried out, in one or more
subject to any
times, by virtue of this delegation, is set at EUR 225 million, and may not exceed 10% of the
adjustments
share capital of BNP Paribas per year as at the date of the issue decision.
This delegation was granted for a period of 14 months and cancels, for the unused amount,
any previous delegation with the same purpose.
This resolution was
Shareholders’ Combined
Authorisation granted to the Board of directors to reduce the share capital by cancelling
not used during the
General Meeting of 14 May shares.
period
2024
Authorisation is given to cancel, in one or more times, through reduction of the share
(32nd resolution)
capital, all or some of the shares that BNP Paribas holds and that it could hold, up to a
maximum of 10% of the total number of shares constituting the share capital existing as at
the date of the transaction, for a period of 24 months.
Delegation of all powers to carry out this reduction in share capital, and allocate the
difference between the purchase price of the cancelled shares and their nominal value to
share premium and retained earnings, including the legal reserve up to 10% of the share
capital cancelled.
This authorisation was granted for a period of 18 months and replaces that granted by the
21st resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 16 May 2023.

3

ITEMS LIKELY TO HAVE AN IMPACT IN THE EVENT OF A PUBLIC TENDER OR EXCHANGE OFFER
(ARTICLE L.22‑10‑11 OF THE FRENCH COMMERCIAL CODE)

Among the items referred to in article L.22‑10‑11 of the French Commercial Code, there is no item likely to have an impact in the event of a
public tender or exchange offer.

120

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Statutory Auditors’ report

2

2.2 Statutory Auditors’ report
The comments required by article L.22‑10‑71 of the French Commercial Code are covered in the Statutory Auditor’s report on the parent
company financial statements (chapter 6.5).

2

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

121

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Executive Committee

2.3 The Executive Committee
At 31 December 2024, the BNP Paribas Executive Committee had the
following members:

■ Elena Goitini, Chief Executive Officer of BNL;

■ Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé, Director and Chief Executive Officer;

■ Yannick Jung, Head of Corporate & Institutional Banking Global

■ Elise Hermant, Head of Communications;

Banking;

■ Yann Gérardin, Chief Operating Officer in charge of the

Corporate & Institutional Banking division;

■ Pauline Leclerc‑Glorieux, Chief Executive Officer of BNP Paribas

Cardif;

■ Thierry Laborde, Chief Operating Officer in charge of the

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services division;
■ Laurent David, Deputy Chief Operating Officer;

■ Stéphanie Maarek, Head of Compliance;

■ Renaud Dumora, Deputy Chief Operating Officer in charge of the

■ Lars Machenil, Chief Financial Officer;

Investment & Protection Services division;
■ Michael Anseeuw, Director and Chief Executive Officer and

Chairman of the Executive Board of BNP Paribas Fortis;
■ Charlotte Dennery, Director and Chief Executive Officer of

BNP Paribas Personal Finance;
■ Bernard Gavgani, Chief Information Officer;

122

■ Isabelle Loc, Head of Commercial & Personal Banking in France;

■ Sofia Merlo, Head of Human Resources;
■ Olivier Osty, Head of Corporate & Institutional Banking Global

Markets;
■ Anne Pointet, Head of Company Engagement;
■ Frank Roncey, Chief Risk Officer.

The BNP Paribas Executive Committee has had a permanent
Secretariat since November 2007.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

2.4 Internal control [sustainability statements]
The following information relating to internal control was submitted
to the Group’s Executive Management. The Chief Executive Officer, as
executive director, is responsible for the organisation and procedures
of internal control and for all information required by French law
regarding the internal control report. This document is based on the
information provided by the Compliance, RISK, Finance & Strategy,
LEGAL and Inspection Générale Functions. It has been approved by
the Board of directors.

BNP PARIBAS’ INTERNAL CONTROL STANDARDS
The principles and procedures for the internal control of banking
activities in France and abroad are at the heart of banking and
financial regulations and are subject to numerous legislative and
regulatory provisions.
The main text applicable to BNP Paribas is the ministerial Order of
3 November 2014 on the internal control of companies in the
banking, payment services and investment services sector subject to
the control of the ACPR. This text defines the conditions for
implementing and overseeing internal control in credit institutions
and investment firms, in accordance with the European CRD 4
directive. In particular, it specifies the principles relating to internal
transaction control systems and procedures, organisation of
accounting and information processing, risk and result measurement
systems, risk monitoring and control systems, and the information
and documentation system for internal control. Article 258 of this
Order provides for the drafting for the Board of directors of an
annual regulatory report on the conditions under which internal
control is implemented.
This Order requires BNP Paribas to have an internal control system
(hereinafter internal control) comprising specific departments and
persons responsible for permanent control (including the
Compliance and RISK Functions) and periodic control. This system
must also take into account, as appropriate, the General regulation
of the AMF, the regulations applicable to foreign branches and
subsidiaries and to specialised activities such as portfolio
management and insurance, and the recommendations of leading
international bodies dealing with issues related to the prudential
regulation of international banks, first and foremost the Basel
Committee, the Financial Stability Board, the European Authorities,
the European Securities and Markets Authority, the European Central
Bank and the French Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution.

DEFINITION, OBJECTIVES AND STANDARDS OF
INTERNAL CONTROL
The BNP Paribas Group’s Executive Management has implemented
an internal control system whose main purpose is to ensure overall
control of the risks and to provide reasonable assurance that the
Company’s objectives in this respect are achieved.

2

(1)

The BNP Paribas Internal Control Charter specifies the framework of
this system and constitutes BNP Paribas’ basic internal control
framework. Widely distributed within the Group and accessible to all
its employees, this charter firstly recalls the objectives of internal
control, which aims to ensure:

2

■ a sound and prudent risk management approach, aligned with

BNP Paribas’ values and Code of conduct in conjunction with
the policies outlined in its corporate social responsibility
framework;
■ operational security of BNP Paribas’ internal operations;
■ the relevance and reliability of accounting and financial

information;
■ compliance with laws, regulations and internal policies.

Its implementation requires, in particular, that a high‑level culture of
risk and ethics be promoted to all employees and in BNP Paribas’
relations with third parties, clients, intermediaries or suppliers as
well as its shareholders.
The charter then sets out the rules governing the organisation
responsibility and scope of operations of the various internal control
entities and establishes the principle according to which the control
functions (Compliance, LEGAL, RISK and Inspection Générale in
particular) execute these controls independently.

SCOPE OF INTERNAL CONTROL
The BNP Paribas Group’s internal control is overarching:
■ it covers all types of risks to which the Group may be exposed

(credit and counterparty risk, market risk, liquidity risk, interest
rate risk in the banking book, underwriting risk with respect to
insurance, operational risk, risk of non‑compliance, equity risk,
etc.);
■ it is applied at the Group level and at the level of directly or

indirectly controlled entities, irrespective of their line of
business and irrespective of whether they are consolidated
entities or otherwise. For other entities (in particular, legal
entities subject to significant influence), the Group’s
representatives on the corporate bodies of these entities are
strongly encouraged to promote the same standards of internal
control;
■ it also covers the use of outsourced services, in accordance with

principles defined by regulation.

FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES OF INTERNAL
CONTROL
BNP Paribas’ internal control system is based on its values and the
Code of conduct as well as the following additional principles of
action:
■ clearly

identified responsibilities: internal control is the
responsibility of every employee, irrespective of their seniority
or responsibilities. The exercise of a managerial function carries
the additional responsibility of ensuring the proper
implementation of the internal control system within the scope

(1) This information is an integral part of the sustainability statements, presented in chapter 7.1, and is covered by the certification report on sustainability statements.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

123

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

subject to regulation. As such, the necessary responsibilities and
delegations must be clearly identified and communicated to all
stakeholders;

■ appropriate governance: the internal control system is subject

to governance involving the different stakeholders and covering
the various aspects of internal control, both organisational and
monitoring and oversight; the Internal Control Committees are a
key instrument in this system. The framework is part of the
decision‑making processes managed through a system of
delegations in the management reporting lines. They may
involve the input of a third party belonging to another reporting
line, whenever the systems defined by the operating entities
and/or the functions exercising a second‑level control so
provide. The escalation process allows for disagreements
between the operating entities and functions exercising
second‑level
control,
especially
those
related
to
decision‑making, to be escalated to the higher hierarchical and
possibly functional levels, to which the two parties report, and
ultimately, if these disputes cannot be resolved in this way, to
arbitration conducted by the Group’s Executive Officers. This
process is implemented in accordance with the powers
conferred to the Group Risk Officer, who may exercise his or her
right of veto under the conditions set out in the RISK Function
Charter;

■ a structured risk identification, assessment and management

system (involving, among others, a decision‑making system,
delegation, organisational principles, controls, reporting and
alert mechanism, etc.);
■ independent risk control and oversight: operational managers

have final responsibility for the risks generated by their
activities. They must, therefore, set up and operate a system for
identifying, assessing and managing risks. The internal control
system provides for the mandatory intervention, and as early as
possible, of functions exercising independent control under a
second level of control. This intervention takes the following
forms:
■

■

defining the overall normative framework
identification, assessment and management,

for

risk

defining cases where a prior second review by a function
exercising a second‑level control shared with the operational
entity is necessary for decision‑making,
independent controls, called second‑level controls, carried
out by said function on the system implemented by the
Heads of the operational activities and on their operations
(result of the risk identification and assessment process,
relevance and compliance of the risk control systems and in
particular, compliance with the limits set);

■ a requirement for formalisation and traceability: internal

■ separation of duties: this is a key element of the risk control

■ a duty of transparency: all Group employees, irrespective of

■

control relies on the instructions of the Executive Officers,
written policies and procedures and audit trails. As such, the
controls, their results, their implementation and the feedback
from the entities to the higher levels of the Group’s governance
are documented and traceable;
their position, have a duty to communicate, in a transparent
manner, that is, spontaneously and promptly, to a higher level
within the organisation to which they belong:

system. It consists of assigning certain operational tasks that
contribute to the performance of a single process to
stakeholders at various hierarchical levels or to separate these
tasks by other means, in particular by electronic means. Thus,
for example, tasks related to transaction initiation,
confirmation,
accounting,
settlement
and
accounts
reconciliation must be performed by different parties;

■

■

■ proportionality of risks: the internal control system must be

implemented under an approach and with an intensity that is
proportionate to the risks involved. This proportionality is
determined based on one or more criteria:
■

■

■
■

■
■

■

■

■

124

■

amount of allocated capital and/or ratios in terms of solvency
and liquidity,

■ continuous adaptation of the system in response to changes:

the internal control system must be actively managed by its
various stakeholders. This adjustment in response to changes of
any kind that the Group must face must be done according to a
periodic cycle defined in advance but also continuously as soon
as events so justify.

sensitivity of the environment where the activities are
located,
legal form and/or presence of minority shareholders;

any anomaly of which the employee becomes aware.

control objectives: the internal control objectives to be
considered in employee career management and remuneration
(including: as part of the employee evaluation process, training,
recruitment for key positions, and in determining
remuneration);

customer type and distribution channels,

complexity of the processes carried out and/or the level of
use of outsourcing with internal/external entities of the
Group,

resolve

■ Human Resources management taking into account internal

regulatory conditions governing the exercise of business
activities, size of business activities carried out,
complexity of the products designed or marketed and/or
services provided,

any question that the employee could not
independently in the exercise of his or her duties,

In addition, he or she has a whistleblowing right, as provided
for in the Group’s Code of conduct, allowing them to make a
report within a framework placed under the responsibility of
the Compliance Function, providing a guarantee of
confidentiality and enhanced protection against the risk of
retaliation;

risk intensity as identified in the context of assessment
programmes (“Risk ID”, RCSA, etc.),

criticality of activities with regard to systemic issues,

any information required for a proper analysis of the situation
of the entity in which the employee operates, and which may
impact the risks or the reputation of the entity or the Group,

Compliance with these principles is verified on a regular basis, in
particular through assignments carried out by the periodic control
teams (Inspection Générale).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

ORGANISATION OF INTERNAL CONTROL
BNP Paribas Group’s internal control system is organised around
three lines of defence, under the responsibility of the Executive
Officers and under the oversight of the Board of directors.
Permanent control is the ongoing implementation of the risk
management system and is provided by the first two lines of
defence. Periodic control, provided by the third line of defence, has

2

an audit and assessment function that is performed according to its
own audit cycle.
The functions exercising the second and the third lines of defence
are so‑called functions exercising independent control. They report
directly to the Executive Officers and with respect to Compliance,
LEGAL, RISK and Inspection Générale, they report on the
performance of their duties to the Board of directors.

2

Key players in Internal Control
Three lines of defence
Level 3 controls
(L3Cs)
General Inspection

Direct hierarchical reporting

Periodic control
L3Cs

Level 2 controls
(L2Cs)
Finance
& St
rat
eg
y*

Level 1 controls
(L1Cs)

Operating
entities

L1Cs

m

ia n

Board of
Directors

*

*

Co

pl

Executive
Officers

L2Cs

ce

RI

**

SK

L E G A L* *

(*) 2nd level non-integrated function
(**) 2nd level integrated functions

The Compliance, LEGAL,
RISK and General Inspection
functions report on the
performance of their duties
to the Board of Directors

Permanent
control

KEY PLAYERS IN INTERNAL CONTROL

■

■ Operating entities are the first line of defence: operating entities

are primarily responsible for managing their risks and are the
front‑line in permanent control. They act within the framework
defined by the Group’s Executive Officers and reviewed by its
Board of directors, transcribed in the form of policies and
procedures and to the extent necessary, tailored by the
corporate bodies of the Group’s entities.

defence):
■

■ The risk control system operated by the first line of defence

forms what is called the first‑level control system. It is
implemented by employees and/or their reporting line and/or
control teams that do not operate the processes under their
control.
The operating entities cover:
■

■

all operating divisions and business lines, whether these are
profit centres or their support functions;
all cross‑divisional functions, including the control functions
for the processes that they operate directly and not under
the responsibility of the second line of defence;

all the Territories, attached to an operating division.

■ The functions exercising second‑level control (second line of

■

the functions exercising second‑level control are responsible,
under the delegation given by the Executive Officers, for the
organisation and functioning of the risk control system and
its compliance with laws and regulations on a range of areas
(subjects and/or processes), as defined in their Responsibility
Charter;
as such, in their field of expertise and, where appropriate,
after having consulted the operating entities, they define the
general normative framework in which they manage the risk
for which they are responsible, the terms of their
intervention (thresholds, delegations, escalation, etc.),
implement this system in the relevant areas and for which
they are responsible, for first‑level and second‑level
permanent control. They challenge and provide an
independent view of risk identification and assessment vis-àvis operating entities. They also contribute to spreading a
culture of risk and ethics within the Group;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

125

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

■

■

the Heads of these functions provide the Executive Officers
and Board of directors with a reasoned opinion on the level of
risk control, current or potential, in particular regarding the
“Risk Appetite Statement” as defined and propose any actions
for improvement that they deem necessary;

■

under its direct or indirect hierarchical responsibility,
where the function is then called integrated. It thus has
full authority over its budget and the management of its
Human Resources,
or under its direct or indirect functional responsibility
(so‑called non‑integrated function) subject to joint
decision‑making with the reporting line manager for
Human Resources and budget.

The three integrated functions exercising second‑level control
are:

■

■

the Head of a function performing a second‑level control
performs this mission by relying on teams that can be
placed, either:
■

■

guidelines of the Board of directors and the instructions of
the Executive Management;

RISK, in charge of organising and overseeing the overall
system for controlling those risks to which the BNP Paribas
Group is exposed, particularly credit risk and counterparty
risk, market risk, funding and liquidity risk, interest rate and
exchange rate risk in the banking book, insurance risk,
operational risk, and environmental and social risk factors
that affect the above risk categories;
Compliance, responsible for organising and overseeing the
non‑compliance risk control system. As such, it contributes to
the permanent control of compliance with laws and
regulations, professional and ethical standards and the

LEGAL, responsible for organising and overseeing the legal
risk control system, exercises its responsibility to prevent
and manage legal risks through its advisory and control
roles. It exercises this control by (i) issuing legal opinions for
the purpose of avoiding or mitigating the effects of a major
legal risk, (ii) first- and second‑level control exerted on the
legal processes and (iii) the definition of a Group‑level
control plan for the business lines and functions to cover
certain risks that may affect the processes under their
responsibility. The missions entrusted to this function are
performed independently of the business activities and
support functions. The function is integrated hierarchically
under the sole authority of its Department head, the Group
General Counsel, who reports to the Chief Executive Officer.

The Heads of these functions may be directly heard by the Board of
directors or any of its specialised committees, possibly without the
presence of Executive Officers, or at their request.
Finance & Strategy is a non‑integrated function that exercises a
second‑level control. The Standards & Controls Department, within
it, is responsible for defining and implementing the risk management
system related to accounting and financial information.
RISK, Compliance and Finance & Strategy share responsibility for the
second line of defence in terms of tax risk with the support of the Tax
function, which acts as an expert on tax‑related issues.
The appointment of the Heads of the Compliance, Finance & Strategy
and RISK Functions falls within the framework defined by the
European Banking Authority.

Permanent control can be outlined as follows:

Permanent Control
Level 2 controls
(L2Cs)

Operating entities

Finance &
Stra
teg
y

Level 1 controls
(L1Cs)

Operating
entities

L1Cs

L2Cs

- Responsible for controlling
their risks
- Deploy and perform the
controls within their respective
scopes

Control Functions
Co

m

pl

ia

nc

e

RI S

K

LE G A L

126

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

- Perform the level 2 controls:
independent review of the
robustness and effectiveness
of the control system

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

■ Inspection Générale performs the internal audit function and

contributes to the protection of the Group by independently
acting as its third line of defence on all Group entities and in all
areas. It includes:
■

■

auditors distributed in the geographical or business line
platforms (called “hubs”).

■ Executive Officers: the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief

Operating Officers ensure the effective management of the
Company for regulatory and legal purposes. In practice, the
Executive Officers make key decisions through specialised
committees that allow them to rely on experts with a deep
understanding of the issues to be addressed.
Executive Officers are responsible for the internal control
system as a whole. As such and notwithstanding the powers of
the Board of directors, the Executive Officers:

■

■

■

■

■

■

centrally‑based inspectors who carry out their duties
throughout the Group,

The Inspector General, responsible for periodic controls, reports
to the Chief Executive Officer.

■

■

decide on the key policies and procedures serving as the
basis for this system;
directly oversee the functions exercising independent control
and provide them with the means to allow them to fulfil their
responsibilities effectively;
define the Group’s risk‑taking policies, validate the most
important decisions in this area and, if necessary, make the
final decisions in the context of the escalation process. This
process is implemented in accordance with the powers
conferred to the Group Risk Officer, who may exercise his or
her right of veto under the conditions set out in the RISK
Function Charter;
periodically evaluate and monitor the effectiveness of the
internal control policies, systems and procedures and
implement the appropriate measures to remedy any
deficiencies;
receive the main reports on internal control within the
Group;
report to the Board of directors or its relevant committees on
the operation of this system.

■

2

reviews the internal control activity and results at least once
per year;
regularly reviews, assesses and verifies the effectiveness of
the governance system, including in particular clearly
defined responsibilities, and internal control, which notably
includes risk reporting procedures, and takes appropriate
measures to remedy any failings uncovered;
validates the Risk Appetite Statement, approves and
periodically reviews the strategies and policies for taking up,
managing, monitoring and controlling risks and approves
their overall limits.

2

The organisation of the Board of directors and its specialised
committees is defined through its Internal Rules. The Heads of
Inspection Générale and the integrated functions exercising
second‑level control have the right to be heard, possibly without the
presence of Executive Officers, by the Board of directors or one of its
specialised committees.
Finally, among the specialised committees, the Internal Control, Risk
Management and Compliance Committee (CCIRC) is essential in the
Group’s internal control system. Indeed, it assumes the following
responsibilities:
■ analyses reports on internal control and on risk measurement

and monitoring, reports on the activities of the Inspection
Générale, and significant correspondence with the main
regulators;
■ examines the strategic directions of the risk policy;
■ reports to the Board of directors.

COORDINATION OF INTERNAL CONTROL
At the consolidated level, the Group Supervisory & Control
Committee – GSCC coordinates internal control, and is responsible,
in particular, for ensuring consistency and coordination in the
internal control system. Chaired by the Chief Executive Officer, it
brings together the Chief Operating Officers, the Deputy Chief
Operating Officers and the Heads of control functions.
In those entities and territories that are significant for the Group,
their Executive Officers are responsible for arranging this
coordination, generally within the framework of the Internal Control
Committees.

■ Pursuant to the Decree of 3 November 2014, BNP Paribas must

appoint an Executive Officer responsible for overseeing the
consistency and effectiveness of BNP Paribas Group's internal
control. At 31 December 2024, the Chief Executive Officer is the
Executive Officer responsible for overseeing the consistency and
effectiveness of BNP Paribas Group’s internal control.
■ The Board of directors: the Board of directors exercises

essential responsibilities in terms of internal control, directly or
via Specialised committees. Among others, the Board of
directors:
■

determines, on the proposal of the Executive Officers, the
strategy and guidelines of the internal control activity and
ensures their implementation;

PROCEDURES
The procedures are one of the key elements of the permanent
control system alongside the identification and assessment of risks,
controls, reporting and monitoring of the control system.
Written guidelines are distributed throughout the Group and provide
the organisation and procedures to be applied as well as the
controls to be performed. These procedures constitute the basic
framework for internal control. The RISK Function regularly monitors
procedure guidelines. The Group’s cross‑functional procedures
framework is regularly updated with contributions from all divisions
and functions. Regarding the control framework, investigations into
the status of the system are included in the report on permanent
control.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

127

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

Among the Group’s cross‑functional procedures, applicable in all
entities, risk control is critically important in, for example:
■ the

procedures that govern the process for approving
exceptional transactions, new products and new business
activities;

■ the procedure for approving credit and market transactions;
■ the procedures for compliance with embargoes, anti‑money

laundering and the financing of terrorism and anti‑corruption.

The system for anti‑money laundering and combating the financing
of terrorism has been enriched with new detection scenarios
enabling better monitoring of the flows most exposed to the
financing of terrorism. Other actions are being rolled out to deepen
our knowledge of our customers when they enter into a relationship
with the Bank and throughout this relationship.
In a more demanding regulatory context and with the emergence of
new payment processes, new platforms for screening clients and
filtering transactions are being designed.

The processes from these procedural frameworks rely primarily on
committees (Exceptional Transactions Committees, New Business
Activities and Products Committees, Credit Committees, etc.) mainly
covering both operational and related functions such as IT and
Operations, as well as the control functions (RISK, Compliance,
Finance & Strategy and LEGAL Functions), which take a “second‑look”
on transactions. In the event of a dispute, they are submitted to a
higher level of the organisation. At the highest level of the Group,
there are committees (Credit, Market Risk, Risk Policy Committees,
etc.) chaired by members of Executive Management.

The due diligence measures on the knowledge of customers,
intermediaries, suppliers and other third parties have been
supplemented in order to improve the assessment of the risk of
corruption. Procurement procedures have been revised.

COMPLIANCE

The automation of the detection of negative information on third
parties is being implemented.

Organisation and change to the function

Protecting customers’ interests

Compliance is a globally integrated function: all compliance
managers in the operating divisions, business lines, regions,
territories and their teams report to it hierarchically, which
guarantees their independence. Its organisation brings together
proximity teams aligned with the structure of the Group’s operating
divisions, business lines and entities, as well as central areas of
expertise.
Compliance contributes to the three components of the Group’s GTS
2025 strategic plan:
■ growth: by participating in projects for new products, new

channels and external growth as part of the business lines’
development strategy;
■ technology: by continuing the automation of processes and the

deployment of standard IT tools;
■ sustainability: by anticipating emerging risks and regulatory

changes, and by supporting the Group’s ESG commitments.
The Compliance workforce stood at 3,713 full‑time equivalents (FTE)
at the end of December 2024.

Compliance activity in 2024
Financial security
The regulatory frameworks relating to Financial security continued
to be strengthened in 2024.
The Group’s remediation plan for compliance with international
financial sanctions has been approved by the French and U.S.
authorities and is now closed.
In addition, the U.S. and European sanctions programmes have
changed significantly with a new range of restrictive measures
concerning Russia. The risk of circumvention of the sanctions
programmes calls for great vigilance and an enhanced monitoring
has been put in place.

The fight against corruption
As part of a continuous improvement approach, the system for
preventing and detecting corruption and influence peddling is being
strengthened in its various components with regard to risk
assessment.

In 2024, the complaints classification and processing systems were
standardised across the Group’s various business lines. With regard
to sustainable finance, the business lines have incorporated the
latest regulatory changes into their systems, in particular by taking
into account customer sustainability preferences when issuing
advice, as well as defining and regularly reviewing product
sustainability characteristics.
In addition, the business lines are continuing the work undertaken to
strengthen the systems for monitoring value for money for retail
customers.

Professional ethics
The system for overseeing employees' personal account dealing,
private and professional mandates and gifts & invitations continues
to be strengthened with the update of the procedural body and the
deployment of a shared IT tool allowing homogeneous risk
management throughout the Group.
The whistleblowing system is now based on a single tool that
enables alerts to be collected on a secure external exchange
platform and processed by referent employees, responsible for
processing alerts, receive specific training. Finally, a comprehensive
report on alerts is presented each year to Executive Management
and the Board of directors.

Market integrity
In 2024, the business lines rolled out the latest changes in market
integrity standards within their operating entities.
The control framework has been overhauled to take into account
greater granularity in the identification of risks and in the definition
of the control points to be implemented by the business lines as a
first line of defence.
The reorganisation of the teams of experts has made it possible to
improve their effectiveness in the main processes related to market
integrity such as:
■ management of insider information, information barriers and

conflicts of interest;
■ regulatory reporting of the Group’s transactions and positions;
■ data recording and retention;

128

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

■ the

detection and reporting of orders and transactions
potentially constituting market abuse;

■ the

recording and
communications.

monitoring

of

oral

and

electronic

In addition, an exhaustive review of access to market platforms and
the compliance of the pre- and post‑trade monitoring framework
was launched.
Lastly, the training effort for the employees concerned was renewed
on all these topics.

Regulation of banking activities
The BNP Paribas Group is subject to the French Banking Separation
and Regulation Act, as well as to the Volcker rule. The associated
compliance system has been consolidated and strengthened for all
activities falling within the scope of these legal and regulatory
provisions.
In line with the initiatives launched in 2023, new actions aimed at
strengthening the compliance framework for the Group’s swap
activities were carried out in 2024 to comply with the regulations of
both the CFTC (Commodity Futures Trading Commission) and the SEC
(Securities and Exchange Commission). The activities concerned are
mainly the responsibility of CIB.

Tax regulations applicable to customers
The BNP Paribas Group is subject to a set of tax regulations with
extraterritorial scope: FATCA (Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act),
QI (Qualified Intermediary) regime governing the withholding of
income from U.S. securities; AEOI (automatic exchange of tax
information within the OECD); DAC6 directive (declaration of tax
schemes considered as aggressive in the European Union).
The compliance systems relating to these regulations have been in
place since their entry into force, including procedures, an employee
training programme and appropriate control plans.
With regard to local tax regulations applicable to clients, a control
framework was put in place in 2024, including a control plan
enforceable by the first line of defence and an independent test plan
implemented by the Compliance, RISK and Finance & Strategy
functions.

Conduct
Within the Compliance Function, the Supervisory & Conduct as a
domain of expertise coordinates, steers and informs management on
cross‑functional initiatives aimed at strengthening the Group’s
Conduct system.
In 2024, an update of the Group Code of conduct was launched with
the participation of all stakeholders and will be published in 2025.
In addition, the Group continued to consolidate its Conduct risk
management and supervision framework.
Several initiatives have been launched, particularly within the
market activities, to reinforce the identification and escalation of
inappropriate behaviours and the associated control framework.
Specific governance has been put in place.
Lastly, a series of indicators is regularly reported to the Board of
directors. They relate to the use of the whistleblowing framework,
alerts relating to respect for people, the monitoring of mandatory
training and customer complaints related to the topics of Conduct.
They cover the use of the whistleblowing channels to raise alerts
(Whistleblowing channels), ‘respect for persons’ alerts, follow‑up of
mandatory training and customer complaints related to Conduct
topics;

2

ESG practice
The Compliance Function is represented in the Group’s main
committees dealing with sustainable finance. Within this function,
the ESG Practice has strengthened the governance of its system by
creating a committee of international experts and a dedicated
community.
In collaboration with the RISK, LEGAL and Finance & Strategy
functions as well as with the Company Engagement Department, the
ESG Compliance Practice belonging to Compliance Function has
contributed to defining the roles and responsibilities of each of these
functions with regard to ESG risk factors.

2

Within the scope of responsibility of the Compliance Function as a
second line of defence, the main risks impacted by ESG factors are
customer knowledge and the protection of their interests. Several
actions have been carried out in this respect, including the
incorporation of additional ESG control points in the know your
customer procedure and the development and updating, in
conjunction with the LEGAL function, of several instructions aimed at
preventing the risk of greenwashing.
Lastly, operating guides have been designed to supplement the
training courses rolled out in 2024.

Risk management system
In 2024, the main improvements in terms of non‑compliance risk
management focused on:
■ the gradual deployment of a enhanced risk assessment system

(Risk and Control Self‑Assessment), based as a priority on the
consideration of quantitative factors;
■ the ability to pilot and the oversight capability made possible by

a centralised operational risk management tool that is
constantly evolving functionally and enriched with new data.

Training
Mandatory training programmes, adjusted in their content,
continued with high completion rates.
These programmes consist of the following:
■ For all Group employees, a Conduct Journey training path on all

the topics of the Code of conduct.
■ For new hires, upon joining the Group, the Conduct Journey as

well as financial security training (know your customer,
anti‑money laundering, combating the financing of terrorism
and corruption, international sanctions and embargoes).
■ For employees particularly exposed to certain risks, they receive

advanced training on financial security, the fight against
corruption, MIFID II regulation, fight against market abuse,
banking laws and regulations with extraterritorial scope and
AEOI and FATCA tax regulations.
For the campaigns completed during the year, the completion rates
are between 94% and 99%.
Lastly, every two years, the members of the Board of directors
benefit from a training session on financial security and the fight
against corruption and influence peddling.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

129

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

Industrialisation of Compliance

■ finally, two central departments provide support services to the

The Technology and Operational Performance Department
continuously carries out actions to improve the efficiency of
Compliance tools and operational processes. In 2024, these efforts
focused on:

LEGAL activity in 2024

■ the creation of a joint venture with the RISK Function to form a

joint team around artificial intelligence (AI), robotic process
automation and, more broadly, analytics and innovation;
■ the definition of an AI strategy for the Compliance Function

around four major focuses:
■

employee training,

■ detection and investigation processes,
■

regulations and procedures,

■

control and oversight.

■ the setting up of governance framework to steer this strategy;
■ the design and implementation of seven automation robots in

the areas of professional ethics, protection of customers'
interests and financial security (flow filtering and name
screening).
Lastly, the professional ethics risk management tool was deployed
and a new ethics alert management system was implemented.

LEGAL
Organisation and change to the function
LEGAL is an independent and integrated function comprising all the
Group’s legal teams. All LEGAL employees report hierarchically,
directly or indirectly, to the Group General Counsel, in order to
enable the legal experts to carry out their missions under conditions
that guarantee their freedom of judgement and action.
At all levels of the Group, the LEGAL organisation enables adequate
coverage of legal risks, and includes:
■ dedicated legal teams that cover the business lines, regions and

territories, based on the Group’s organisation;
■ platforms, created from 2020 and numbering ten at the end of

2024, which are dedicated internal legal teams that deliver
legal services in all business activity sectors, entities and
geographies concerned, within the framework of their exclusive
main domain of expertise;
■ the Group Dispute Resolution (GDR), a global and hierarchically

integrated team which ensures appropriate management of the
Group’s major litigations and investigations as well as legal
issues related to financial security (such as embargoes and
anti‑money laundering) became a platform in August 2024. The
GDR Platform is organised, on the one hand, into three
geographical areas: GDR Americas, GDR APAC and GDR EMEA
and, on the other hand, into four cross‑functional areas: Legal
Financial Security, Legal Panels, HR Litigation (France),
Operations & Legal Risk Anticipation;

organisation of LEGAL.

Throughout the year, LEGAL continued to improve the legal risk
management system.
As part of its legal advisory activity, LEGAL has contributed to the
analysis of emerging risks on themes such as corporate social
responsibility (CSR), blockchain technology, crypto‑assets,
cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, data and outsourcing.
In terms of legal risk prevention, training and awareness‑raising
actions have been undertaken at all levels of the organisation up to
its executive managers.
To meet the technological challenges of the Group’s GTS strategic
plan, LEGAL supported the Group’s initiatives by coordinating legal
expertise and providing responses, particularly in the field of digital,
information technology and data protection. A training programme,
Digital Legal Competency Center (DLC2+) designed by LEGAL also
offers a continuous training path on digital law for LEGAL employees.
An online and face‑to‑face programme including round tables
bringing together the programme’s academic partners, business
lines and functions, and deep dive sessions are offered as part of this
programme throughout the year.
In the field of sustainable development, one of the three pillars of
the GTS plan, LEGAL has actively contributed to raising the
awareness of the management and operational teams of the
divisions, business lines and functions on the legal issues in terms of
sustainable finance and ESG. In addition, within the Regulatory
platform, a Sustainable Finance practice has been set up that works
with all of the Group’s stakeholders. In addition to its regular
communications and the organisation of forums, it offers a training
course dedicated to LEGAL employees built with LEGAL Human
Resources - the LEGAL Sustainability Academy (Sustainability
Academy@LEGAL, in connection with that of the Group) in line with
the Group human Resources.
Lastly, LEGAL continued to roll out and implement the legal risk
management system by:
■ reorganising the Group’s panel of lawyers firms (global panel

and local panels) in order to achieve
representation and ensure effective supervision;

■ updating the identification and the evaluation of operational

risks across the RISK Function (Risk
Self‑Assessment – RCSA) for the entire function;

and

Control

■ performing second‑level controls on legal processes;
■ overseeing operational risk incidents involving legal risk; and
■ contributing to the deployment of the library of controls

■ the Legal Practice Competition Law, a team specialised in

competition law, which joined forces with Compliance in 2022
to strengthen the Group’s compliance system in this area;

130

high‑quality

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

relating to legal risks by continuing to provide educational
support for the business lines and functions.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

2

cybersecurity incidents, and reinforcing protection measures
where necessary;

RISK AND PERMANENT CONTROL
Operational risk management
The operational risk management model for the RISK Function is
based on both decentralised teams within the businesses, under the
responsibility of the Risk directors of these businesses, close to the
processes, operational staff and systems, and on a central structure
(RISK ORM) with a steering and coordination role and providing local
teams with support on subjects requiring specific expertise (for
example: cybersecurity, anti‑fraud or managing risks related to
products and services supplied by third parties).
All of the components of the procedural system for operational risk
have been significantly overhauled since 2018:
■ Risk and Control Self‑Assessment (RCSA);

■ better integration of ICT risk elements into the entire reference

framework;
■ participation in major Group programmes in order to provide an

independent analysis of the risks and action plans identified on
topics such as fraud, cyber risk management or the deployment
of the cloud;

2

■ the implementation of Group‑level governance and a procedural

framework for operational resilience;
■ monitoring cybersecurity threats, particularly in the context of

the conflict in Ukraine and the Paris 2024 Olympic and
Paralympic Games.

Management of risks related to personal
data protection

■ controls;
■ collection of historical incidents;
■ analysis

and quantification of operational risk scenarios
(“potential incidents”);

■ action plans;
■ outsourcing risk management.

Work on the taxonomy of risks as well as the mapping of processes
and organisational structures has also been completed to further
standardise guidelines supporting the assessment and management
of operational risk.
In addition to these methodological changes, an integrated
operational risk management tool (360 Risk Op), composed of
various interconnected modules, was rolled out in the fourth quarter
of 2019. After the launch of the module dedicated to the collection of
Historical Incidents in 2019, those relating to RSCAs, Potential
Incidents and the collection of outsourcing arrangements in 2020,
the one dedicated to Action Plans has been available since April
2021. The control modules have been gradually developed and
deployed since the summer of 2021 and implemented in 2023. In
2024, the 360 Risk‑Op platform was supplemented by a module
dedicated to managing recommendations (Inspection Générale and
supervisors) and permanent control actions required by the second
line of defence as well as a module to manage the Group’s
normative corpus (policies and procedures).

In 2024, BNP Paribas continued to improve its personal data
protection framework. This involved further integrating the existing
management and governance practices of the RISK Function. A
robust automation control framework is in place to support the
management of data protection risks, respond to requests from
authorities, address vulnerabilities as priority, and demonstrate the
Group’s responsibility in this area.
■ In accordance with the Group’s confidentiality policy, the

internal framework has been revised and is being implemented
according to globally defined requirements to be implemented
in all entities.
■ The risk taxonomy includes the protection of personal data and

a Generic Control Library and is regularly updated.
■ An independent testing plan was implemented by the second

line of defence in the majority of entities.
■ Improving the system and tools for detecting and managing

personal data incidents makes it possible to react more quickly
and effectively, as well as to reduce the number of incidents.
■ Contracts with third parties as well as cross‑border data

transfers are subject to continuous review, facilitated by
automation measures.
■ The Privacy Risk Assessment process is automated and is

regularly reviewed to identify potential improvements.

Management of risks related to Information and
Communication Technologies

■ All employees participate in a mandatory training programme

The ongoing implementation of the Group’s digitisation initiatives
aimed at creating streamlined channels for its customers and
partners as well as new ways of collaboration for its staff, introduces
new technologies and risks, and reinforces the need to continue to
monitor the Group’s technological risk profile and ensure the
effectiveness of controls.
In 2024, the RISK teams continued to improve the risk management
framework related to information and communication technologies
(ICT) through the following actions:
■ the performance of penetration tests (Red Team) on several

and Data Protection Officers participate in an ongoing
professional development programme.
■ The global system has been automated, enabling the production

of risk indicators, thus contributing to a better maturity of
entities operating outside the scope of the European regulation.
■ All legal entities, including outside Europe, have a Data

Protection Officer.
All these actions aim to achieve a consistent approach within the
Group, to reduce risks and vulnerabilities, by strengthening oversight
and control.

entities in order to assess their capabilities of detecting

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

131

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

Changes to the RISK Function
RISK continues to roll out its RISK2025 transformation plan, the aim
of which, in line with the Group’s GTS Strategic Plan, is to optimise
the effectiveness and efficiency of the function through the
development of enhanced capabilities to manage risks, optimise the
function’s operating model and ensure the attraction, retention and
development of talent.
In this context, a certain number of initiatives were continued and
new ones launched, structured transverse programmes covering the
main types of risks. They make it possible to simplify, automate and
pool certain internal processes and contribute to the end‑to‑end
review of customer processes, while ensuring that the control
system is at the highest level. They are based on reinforcing new
technologies (for example in the context of lending processes and
the detection and monitoring of risks), on consolidating internal
skills (for example through the increased use of key profiles related
to new modelling methods or through the internalisation of external
assistance positions), or the strengthening of its pooled operational
platforms in Portugal, India, Spain and Canada.

■ the CIB (Corporate & Investment Banking), Ireland & MEA

(Middle‑East & Africa) hub has integrated the Securities
Services hub in line with the merger of the business lines.
These changes did not impact the implementation of the initial audit
plan of 835 missions. A total of 817 missions were carried out in
2024, i.e. 98% of the target. 94% of them were scheduled in the
original audit plan.
The reports issued in 2023 by the European Central Bank following
its audit of BNP Paribas' Inspection Générale and governance led to
substantial changes concerning the General Inspection, effective
from 1 January 2025:
■ The Inspector General regularly presents activity reports to the

Financial Statements Committee and no longer to the Internal
Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee (CCIRC),
while remaining invited to the latter. In addition, he has several
opportunities for direct exchange with the Board of directors,
particularly when the annual audit plan and budget for the
function are approved.
■ The role of the Financial Statements Committee and the Board

of directors in the appointment and dismissal of the Inspector
General, the determination of his compensation and his annual
assessment has been strengthened.

Environmental, social and governance (ESG) risk
management
As part of the Group’s “Sustainable Finance” governance, a
multi‑year programme was launched to strengthen the integration of
ESG risk factors into the Group’s risk management system. These
risk factors likely to affect so‑called traditional risk categories (such
as credit, market or operational risks) are thus better identified,
assessed and analysed, and therefore better integrated into the
Group’s risk management.
In particular, a homogeneous approach to assessing the ESG profile
of customers (called ESG‑Assessment) is in place for credit
decision‑making to:
■ assess customer performance and identify any negative impacts

on the three areas of the ESG‑Assessment (environment, social
and governance), which could result in credit and reputation
risks; and
■ to better understand the challenges of the business activity

sector and customer positioning in order to support the
commitment and their transition to a more sustainable
business model. Additional information on climate change risk
management can be found in the Sustainability statement in
chapter 7 of this Universal registration document.

PERIODIC CONTROL
In 2024, the General Inspection adjusted its framework by grouping
together audit hubs in France that are similar in terms of the
business lines audited for greater consistency with BNP Paribas’
organisation. Thus:

The General Inspection was audited in 2023‑2024 by IFACI
Certification with regard to the standards of the Institute of
International Auditors (IIA), whose methodology is recognised by
banking supervisors. This audit assignment concluded that it
assessed as ‘Generally Compliant’ and the certification was awarded
to the Inspection Générale. Alongside this audit mission, the function
prepared the implementation of the new IIA standards, which are
due to come into force on 9 January 2025.
The IG+ programme launched in 2021 and supported by the creation
of the Transformation & Digital Intelligence team has led to the
implementation of a framework that has in deepness transformed
system in terms of industrialisation, simplification and
cross‑functionality.
Thus, since the spring of 2023, an “end‑to‑end” audit tool with the
highest standards in the profession has considerably improved the
operational efficiency of all audit teams by providing missions with
an ergonomic and collaborative environment, promoting
cross‑functionality, and fed by information from other control
functions.
The previously implemented data analytics capabilities were
enhanced in 2024 with a generative artificial intelligence tool, the IG
Virtual Assistant, which provides auditors with analysis and
synthesis assistance.
These evolutions have
employee‑centric projects:

132

accompanied

by

several

■ an overhaul of the Employer Value Proposition (EVP) for

inspectors/auditors;

■ the Commercial & Personal Banking in France (CPBF), Arval,

Leasing and Personal Finance & New Digital Business hubs have
joined forces to create the Commercial & Personal Banking
Services (CPBS) hub;

been

■ the continued significant investment in training, based on the

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

perspective individual skills acquired with those required to
perform the missions, and relating in particular to audit
techniques, the regulatory framework, business line specificities
and data analysis and artificial intelligence techniques.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

In 2024, the General Inspection renewed its annual risk assessment
exercise. All of the approximately 3,000 Audit Units (AUs) were
reviewed and a document describing the broad outline of the
assessment of its inherent risk and the quality of the controls carried
out therein was produced for each. The total number of AUs was
stable compared to 2023, the disposals of entities offset the creation
of entities and the multiplication of AUs in the Group’s offshoring
platforms, whose services have diversified.

the risk assessment. These principles determine the processing
priority of all AUs. The duration of the audit cycle cannot exceed five
years in any case.

Overall, the residual risk profile for 2024 remains stable compared to
2023, thanks to the stability of the inherent risk and the good level
of quality control.

The headcount of the General Inspection was up at the end of 2024
compared to the end of 2023. This change is explained by the
reintegration of UkrSibBank into the scope of consolidation and by
targeted increases in resources, for example for the audit of offshore
platforms or Conduct.

When determining the audit plan, the General Inspection always
endeavours to cover the entire auditable scope according to a
frequency adapted to the level of the residual risk of each AU: this
frequency is shorter when the residual risk is high. When an AU falls
under a specific regulatory audit cycle, the applicable pace is the
shorter of the regulatory obligation and the frequency resulting from

2

The new tools now allow the simultaneous audit of similar AUs by
auditors of the hubs and General Inspection In addition to improving
efficiency, this approach increases the added value of the missions
for both auditees and auditors. It also significantly improves the
carbon footprint by significantly reducing international travel.

2

Human resources issues remain a priority for the General Inspection
which is pursuing a permanent recruitment effort in a context of a
talent war, relying in particular on the review of its EVP value
proposition.

INTERNAL CONTROL EMPLOYEES
The various internal control functions are based on the following headcount (in FTE = Full‑Time Equivalents, calculated at the end of the period):

2019

2020

2021(1)

2022(2)

2023(3)

2024(4)

Change 2024/2023

Compliance

4,219

4,105

3,770

3,791

3,610

3,624

0.4%

LEGAL

1,810

1,779

1,736

1,703

1,651

1,647

-0.2%

RISK

5,462

5,191

5,029

4,885

4,754

4,799

0.9%

Periodic control

1,446

1,381

1,355

1,342

1,278

1,320

3.3%

TOTAL

12,937

12,456

11,890

11,721

11,293

11,390

0.9%

(1) In 2021, the reduction in the headcount of the Compliance and RISK Functions is mainly due to the transfer of control teams to the first line of defence
(business lines).
(2) In 2022, the headcount reductions result from the continuation of this transfer for the RISK Function, and a change in the scope of consolidation for all
functions (deconsolidation of UkrSibBank in Ukraine). On a like‑for‑like basis, the headcount increased by 2.7% for Compliance and remained virtually
stable for the other functions.
(3) In 2023, the headcount reductions result from a change in the scope of consolidation for all functions (mainly the disposals of Bank of the West in the
United States, BICI Senegal and BICI Côte d’Ivoire). On a like‑for‑like basis, the total headcount for the control functions remained stable.
(4) In 2024, the headcount increased slightly due to the reconsolidation of UkrSibBank in Ukraine and the entry of new Cardif subsidiaries.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

133

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

INTERNAL CONTROL PROCEDURES RELATING TO THE PREPARATION
AND PROCESSING OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES FOR PREPARING
AND PROCESSING ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Under the authority of the Chief Executive Officer, the Finance &
Strategy Function is notably responsible for preparing and
processing financial information. It also performs an independent
control mission which aims at ensuring control of the risk related to
accounting and financial information. The specific missions assigned
by the Group to the Finance & Strategy Function are defined by a
charter. These consist of:
■ preparing financial and sustainability information and ensuring

that published financial, prudential and sustainability
information is accurate and fairly stated, in accordance with
regulatory framework and standards;
Executive Management with the necessary
information for the Group’s financial steering at all
organisational levels;

All of these missions require those involved to be fully competent in
their particular areas, to understand and check the information they
produce and to comply with the required standards and time limits.
Particular attention is paid to compliance, quality and integrity of the
information used and personal data protection. All those involved in
the function have a duty to alert Executive Management. The
missions of the function are carried out in conjunction with the RISK
and ALM Treasury Functions for regulatory requirements, with the
Project Management team for Finance & Strategy and RISK, housed
within Group IT, with regard to user processes and the changes to
the information system. In practice, the responsibility of the Finance
& Strategy Function is carried out as follows:
■ the financial data produced is the responsibility of the Finance

Department of each entity, whether produced at its own level or
by shared regional platforms; when they contribute to the
Group’s consolidated results, they are sent to the divisions/
business lines for approval;

■ providing

■ the production of forecast financial data is carried out by the

divisions/business lines, ensuring their consistency with the
actual data produced by the entities or regional platforms;

■ defining accounting, performance management and selected

prudential policies for the Group and leading their operational
implementation;

■ at central level, Finance & Strategy (Group) prepares the

reporting instructions distributed to all divisions/business lines
and consolidated entities in order to ensure that the data is
homogeneous and complies with the Group’s rules. It gathers
all the accounting and management information produced by
the entities and approved by the divisions/business lines and
assembles and consolidates these data for use by Executive
Management or for communication to third parties.

■ defining, deploying and supervising the permanent control

framework associated with financial information across the
Group;
■ managing the Group’s tax risk, representing the Group in tax

matters and contributing to preserving its reputation;
■ assisting

Executive Management in defining the Group’s
strategy, ensuring the benchmark of the Group’s performance
and initiating and investigating mergers and acquisitions
(“M&A”);

■ managing the Group’s own funds and conducting the analysis

and financial structuring of the Group’s external and internal
acquisition, partnership and divestment projects;
■ ensuring the Group’s financial communication and monitoring

of the BNP Paribas share performance, shareholder base and
market reactions;
■ managing relations with market authorities and investors and

organising the General Shareholder Meetings;
■ monitoring changes to the regulatory and prudential
framework, and preparing and communicating the Group’s
position statements thereupon;
■ coordinating banking supervisory issues, notably relationship

with the ECB;
■ catering to the economic research needs of all of the Group’s

clients, business lines and functions;
■ leading/steering the Finance & Strategy function's continuous

transformation, defining its organisation and monitoring its
resources and costs;
■ driving the implementation of the target operating model,

contributing to the definition of the functional architecture and
the design of Finance systems and deploying them.

134

PRODUCTION OF ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DATA
Standards framework
The local financial statements for each entity are prepared following
the accounting standards prevailing in the country where the entity
carries on business, while the Group consolidated financial
statements are prepared under IFRS (International Financial
Reporting Standards) as adopted by the European Union.
Within Finance & Strategy (Group), the “Standards & Controls –
Group Financial Policies” (GFP) Department defines the IFRS‑based
accounting principles to be applied to the Group as a whole. It
monitors regulatory changes to IFRS and French standards and
interprets them as necessary by issuing new principles. A manual of
the Group’s IFRS accounting principles is made available for the
divisions/business lines and entities on the internal network
communication tools (“intranet”) of BNP Paribas. It is regularly
updated to reflect regulatory changes. At the request of GFP or those
responsible for reporting, certain interpretations and major elements
of doctrine are submitted to a specialised committee (“Accounting
Policy Committee”) for approval or arbitration. This committee
reviews and approves the changes to be made to the accounting
principles manual.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

In addition, the “Group Financial Policies” Department reviews the
specific accounting analyses carried out by the divisions or entities
as part of the preparation of the financial statements and during the
approval process of new products or new activities, when these are
complex or require the exercise of judgement. In some cases, it is
also responsible for carrying out these analyses.
Finally, this department is also responsible for maintaining the
management standards manual, incorporating the needs identified
by the performance management teams. These principles and
standards can also be accessed using internal network tools
("intranet").
The solvency framework is the joint responsibility of the RISK and
Finance & Strategy Functions. The Finance & Strategy Function is
notably responsible for the normative elements relating to the
prudential scope, regulatory capital, and the calculation of leverage
and GSIB ratios. The other aspects relating to risk measurement are
the responsibility of the RISK Function. A joint “Solvency Policies
Committee”, co‑chaired by the two functions, plays the same role as
the “Accounting Policy Committee” in terms of prudential standards.
The regulatory liquidity framework is the responsibility of ALM
Treasury (with the contribution of the Finance & Strategy and RISK
Functions).

Data processing system
The data processing system is organised around two channels, the
first structured according to entities, and the second according to
business lines:
■ “Financial Accounting & Reporting (FA&R)” is the Finance stream

dedicated to the preparation of financial data. Organised around
shared and multi‑business regional platforms, it combines
expertise and industrialisation for all financial reporting flows
(financial statements, regulatory, management, solvency,
liquidity, taxes and sustainability), at Group or local level;
■ “Financial Performance Steering” (FPS) is the Finance stream

that analyses and advises on the strategic management of the
business lines, based on the financial data provided by the FA&R
stream. It is also responsible for preparing forecast financial
reports (estimates, budget, three‑year plan, financial
information in stressed scenarios) by interacting closely with
business line managers. This is why this channel is structured
according to the Division, Business Line, Function.

PERMANENT CONTROL OF ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION

2

■ ensuring that the internal control environment for accounting

and financial information functions properly within the Group,
in particular via the procedure for internal certification of
accounts described below; reporting quarterly to Executive
Management, the Financial Statements Committee and the
Board of directors on the quality of the Group’s financial
statements;
■ together

with the RISK Function, overseeing the proper
functioning of the system for collecting and processing
consolidated credit risk reporting, including by means of quality
indicators;

2

■ ensuring the proper functioning of the data collection and

processing system for the preparation of liquidity reports, in
particular by means of a specific certification system and
quality indicators;
■ ensuring the implementation by the entities of the Statutory

Auditors’ recommendations, the recommendations of the
Inspection Générale relating to the Finance process and the
ECB’s recommendations allocated to Finance & Strategy with
the support of the Divisions/Business lines. This monitoring is
facilitated by use of a dedicated tool that enables each entity to
monitor the recommendations made to it and to regularly
report on the progress made on the various action plans.
Centralised monitoring of these recommendations enables
Finance to identify improvements to the accounting internal
control system made within the consolidated entities, identify
any cross‑functional problems and, if necessary, revise the
Group‑level procedures and instructions.
These missions are relayed within the Finance Departments of the
divisions‑business lines by central, independent second‑level control
teams who carry out close supervision of the entities and develop, if
necessary, accounting control procedures adapted to the specificities
of their scope, in line with Group‑level procedures.
Lastly, within the entities/business lines’ Finance Departments, the
Group’s accounting internal control principles have led to set up
dedicated and independent second‑level accounting control teams
or representatives, depending on the size of the entities. As such, the
consolidation of the reporting production tasks on regional platforms
within the Group, which improves the harmonisation of the first‑line
reporting and control processes and increases their efficiency for the
scope of the entities concerned, also ensures that the second‑level
accounting control teams are of appropriate size and have the
necessary expertise. The main missions of these local teams are as
follows:
■ implementing second‑level accounting controls on all entities

Internal control within the Finance
& Strategy Function
To allow centralised monitoring of the risk related to accounting and
financial information, the “Group Financial Controls” team within
Finance & Strategy (Group) carries out the following main missions:
■ defining the Group’s policy as regards the accounting internal

control system. This system requires accounting entities to
follow rules in organising their accounting internal control
environments and to implement key controls ensuring that the
information in their consolidation packages is reliable. The
Group has issued internal accounting control guidelines for use
by the consolidated entities and a standard accounting control
plan listing the major mandatory controls aiming at covering
the accounting risk;

falling within their scope and covering in particular the controls
carried out by the entities’ Finance Functions (including the
first‑level controls carried out on the processes operated by the
Back Offices). These procedures are based, in particular, on
standardised accounting control plans and accounting control
tools that allow control responsibilities to be allocated to the
various contributors to flows. Several control tools support
first- and second‑line of defence controls, for example,
identifying, for each account, the department responsible for its
justification and control, reconciling the balances recorded in
the accounting system with the balances appearing in the
Operations systems of each activity and identifying, justifying
and monitoring the clearance of outstanding items in the flow
accounts;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

135

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

■ implementing control and coordinating (directly when this task

is not performed by first‑line controls) the “elementary
certification” process (described below) requiring the entity’s
different departments to report to the Finance & Strategy
Function on the controls that they have carried out;
■ ensuring that the accounting internal control framework

enables the entity’s Finance Department to have sufficient
oversight of the process of preparation of account summaries,
and in particular over all the elements necessary for the
Group’s certification process (described below). To assist in
achieving this objective, the tasks related to closing processes
are formally defined. The use of tools to map the processes and
associated risks and to document the checks as well as the
coordination with other control channels contributes to
improving the quality.
The permanent control framework within the Finance division is
described in a procedure that covers, in particular, the roles and
responsibilities of the various players and also the articulation
between its two lines of defence as well as with the functions
exercising second line of defence missions. This framework also
includes a strong governance articulated through committees called
“FORCC (1)” through which all the permanent control processes of
the Finance operating business units are reviewed. Moreover, the
inherent risk assessment methodology was clarified in 2023. The
entities measure a level of risk dynamically in anticipation of closing,
based on the major events of the quarter, identified locally or by the
Group, and the analysis of risk indicators adapted to each generic
control point concerned. It thus makes it possible to prioritise risks
in advance and to guide the intensity of the control activities of the
second‑line of defence Finance teams locally.

Internal Certification Process
At Group level
Finance & Strategy (Group) uses FACT (Finance Accounting Control
Tool) for the internal certification of the quarterly data produced by
each entity for the consolidation package and for the consolidation
process for which the “Financial & Regulatory Reporting” Department
within Finance & Strategy (Group) is responsible.
The Chief Financial Officer of each entity concerned certifies to
Finance & Strategy (Group) that:
■ the transmitted data have been prepared in accordance with

the Group’s norms and standards;
■ the accounting internal control system guarantees its quality

and reliability.
The main certificate completed by fully consolidated entities
reproduces the results of all of the major controls defined in the
Group’s accounting control plan, and leads to the determination of a
rating for each entity. Entities consolidated by the equity method

complete an appropriate certificate. Finally, non‑consolidated
entities are certified annually through a simplified procedure.
This internal certification process forms part of the Group’s
monitoring for Internal control and enables Finance & Strategy
(Group), which has the overall responsibility for the preparation and
quality of the Group’s consolidated financial statements, to be
informed of any problems in the financial statements and to monitor
the entities’ implementation of appropriate corrective measures. A
report on this process is presented to Executive Management, the
Financial Statements Committee and the Board of directors at the
close of the Group’s quarterly consolidated financial statements.
This certification framework is also in place for the information
included in regulatory reporting on credit risk and the capital
adequacy ratio. Those contributing to the reports attest that they
have complied with the standards and procedures and that the data
used is of appropriate quality. They further describe the results of the
controls carried out at the various stages of producing the reports.
On the same principles, a certification process is in place for the
reporting of liquidity/resolution‑related data. Within this framework,
the various contributors report on the compliance of the data
transmitted with the standards, and the results of key controls
performed to ensure the quality of reporting.

At entity level
In order to ensure the oversight of all the process of preparation of
accounting information at the level of each entity’s Finance
Department, the permanent control procedures of Finance &
Strategy (Group), developed by Group Financial Controls require the
implementation of first‑level procedures relating to accounting data
or controls when the process of preparing the accounting
information is operated or controlled in a decentralised way. In this
context, an “elementary certification” (or “sub‑certification”)
procedure can be deployed.
This is a process by which the providers of the information used to
prepare accounting and financial data (e.g. Middle‑Office,
Back‑Office, Human Resources, Risk, Suppliers’ Accounts, etc.)
formally certify that the fundamental controls intended to ensure
the reliability of the accounting and financial data under their
responsibility function properly. The elementary certificates are sent
to the local Finance Department first level of control, which analyses
them in combination with the accounting controls that it exercises
directly, prepares a summary report intended to be used to prepare
the main certificate, and liaises with the various players in order to
monitor points requiring attention.
This sub‑certification is carried out in the standardised tool for
formalising and monitoring controls (Beacon) by providing entities
with a dedicated environment in which they can directly manage the
processes set up at their level.

(1) FORCC: Financial and Operational Risk Control Committee.

136

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

Valuation control of financial instruments
measured at fair value
Assets and derivatives measured at fair value through
profit or loss in the trading portfolio
The trading portfolio mainly focuses on the market activities of
Global Markets and a few other, less significant scopes. Finance &
Strategy (Group) has defined a specific framework for the main
scope. This is based on the principle that Finance & Strategy,
responsible for the preparation and quality of the Group’s accounting
and management information, delegates the production and control
of the market or model value of financial instruments to the various
players of the chain, thus constituting a single and integrated
valuation channel for financial instruments. The processes covered
include in particular:
■ verifying the appropriateness of the valuation framework as

part of the approval process for new transactions or activities;
■ verifying the proper recording of transactions in the systems

and ensuring it is appropriate with the valuation methodologies;
■ verifying

the development and
independent of valuation methods;

approval

mechanism

■ determining the market parameters and the procedure for an

independent verification of these parameters;
■ determining valuation adjustments for market, liquidity and

counterparty risks;
■ determining and reviewing the rules for making parameters

observable;
■ classifying

instruments within the fair value hierarchy,
determining day one profit adjustments, estimating the
sensitivity of level 3 valuations to valuation assumptions.

Through appropriate processes and tools, this channel aims at
ensuring both the correctness and the reliability of the process for
valuing
financial
instruments,
and
the
quality
and
comprehensiveness of the control system. It can thus provide the
appropriate data to the various decision‑making bodies, and the use
of these elements in the operational processes for compiling the
accounting and management results, and ensures the transparency
of appendices dedicated to fair value.
Control of the valuation channel, which involves all participants, is
supervised by the Finance & Strategy Function within the framework
of a specific charter and a dedicated governance. This control
system is based on a set of organisational principles defined in the
Group’s Internal Control Charter for each organisational level, i.e.
Group, CIB and the main entities that account for market
transactions.

2

To ensure its proper functioning, the Finance & Strategy Function
relies on dedicated teams (“Standards & Controls – Valuation Risk
and Governance, S&C – VRG”), which oversee the entire system. The
Finance Function decides on the information that must be reported
by the various players: this comprises both quantitative and
qualitative data indicating trends in different businesses as well as
the results and quality of upstream controls carried out.
Several committees that meet on a quarterly or monthly basis are
set up to bring all the players together to review and examine, for
each process and Business line, the methods used and/or the results
of the controls conducted. The functioning of these committees is
governed by procedures approved by the Finance & Strategy
Function, ensuring that Finance & Strategy takes part in the main
choices and arbitrations. Lastly, S&C – VRG reports at each quarterly
closing to the Product and Financial Control Committee (PFC),
chaired by the Group Deputy Chief Financial Officer, on its work, and
informs the committee of the points of arbitration or of attention
concerning the effectiveness of the controls and the degree of
reliability of the valuation and results determination process. This
quarterly committee brings together the Business lines, Finance &
Strategy (Group) and the divisions concerned, ALMT and the RISK
Function. Intermediary PFC committees complete the framework and
aim at defining project priorities, monitoring their implementation
and thoroughly examining certain technical elements.

2

Instruments measured at fair value through profit or
loss or through equity outside the trading portfolio
Fixed income securities, derivatives and debt measured at
fair value through profit or loss or through equity
Most of the instruments relating to this scope are covered by the
framework in place for the trading portfolio, thanks to an adapted
extension of the governance as well as the pooling of systems,
processes and valuation methodologies. The main business line
concerned is ALM Treasury, which is represented on the
aforementioned PFC committee.

Equity securities measured at fair value through profit or
loss or through equity
Since 2020, Group Financial Policies has developed a specific
valuation standard, and the valuation governance framework has
been standardised to ensure homogeneous coverage of this portfolio
and an appropriate allocation of responsibilities and decision‑making
chains.

Other items measured at fair value
Control framework, meeting the requirements of the Group’s
accounting control plan, exists at the level of the entities or at the
level of the divisions‑business lines to ensure the necessary level of
control on loans that do not meet IFRS 9 SPPI (1) criteria.

(1) SPPI (Solely Payment of Principal and Interest): The SPPI criterion is a criterion required in addition to the management model in order to determine the classification of
financial instruments excluding trading activities on the balance sheet. It is linked to the contractual characteristics of the instruments. The tests must be carried out on all
assets whose management model is “HTC” (“Held To Collect”, collect contractual cash flows and keep the asset until maturity) or “HTCS” (“Held To Collect and Sell”, collect
contractual flows and sell the asset) in order to determine the accounting category: amortised cost, fair value through equity or fair value through profit or loss.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

137

2

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

Evolutions of the framework

■ A control framework, based on generic controls applicable by

the sustainability information production channels and a
certification process on controls performed by the channels, for
which Finance provides the second line of defence in its area of
expertise.

The Finance & Strategy Function’s global permanent
control framework
The permanent control framework related to the risk on accounting
and financial information is continuously being adapted. The change
in the tools is part of a framework that aims at guaranteeing an
adequate level of control within the Group, and a better
harmonisation of the control of accounting and financial information.
Thus, the implementation within the channel of a standardised tool
for formalising and monitoring controls (Beacon) to cover all entities
and central teams on the various Finance control plans (accounting,
performance management, solvency and liquidity) is being
completed.
Moreover, the quality of the accounting certification process is
regularly reviewed with the divisions/business lines, for instance
with the preparation of quantitative indicators for some controls,
targeted cross‑functional reviews of a major control and ad hoc
reviews with the divisions/business lines on specific points for
improvement in various scopes. These reviews are supplemented by
presentations to the various committees in the Finance & Strategy
channel and training sessions. Group procedures clarifying some
major controls, and detailed instructions aiming at ensuring
consistent responses and adequately‑documented processes are also
distributed. These Group procedures and instructions are extended
where necessary at division/business line level to cover issues
specific to them.
Similarly, the dedicated control plan for the data contributing to the
capital adequacy ratio is being modified in order to adapt the control
framework to the new processes and the requirements of the
CRR3 (1) regulation and capitalise on the indicators and controls in
place in the various sectors in connection with the data reporting
and quality improvement programme.
In addition, for liquidity reporting, changes in processes and tools are
carried out regularly in order to adapt to the new regulatory
reporting demands, and specific actions are taken with the various
contributors in order to enhance the quality and controls for the
channel.

Data control framework
As in previous years, the Group continued to adapt its framework in
2024 to continue to improve the quality and integrity of the data
required to produce the reports covering the different types of main
risks to which BNP Paribas is exposed (risk related to the accounting
and financial information, credit, market/counterparty, liquidity and
operational risks), and to improve the consistency of related
reporting at the different levels of the organisation during normal
periods as well as during stress or crisis periods.
This continuous adaptation of the system is part of the regulatory
framework of the principles set by the Basel Committee for the
aggregation of risk data and their reporting (“Principles for effective
risk data aggregation and risk reporting – Basel Committee on
Banking Supervision – Standard 239”) and aims at ensuring the
Group’s compliance with these principles. In this regard, an
additional guide entitled “Guide on effective risk data aggregation
and risk reporting” was issued in May 2024 as part of the SSM (3).
This guide includes the supervisor's minimum expectations regard to
1) the responsibilities of the management and supervisory bodies, 2)
the scope of application of the BCBS239 regulation, 3) an effective
data governance system, 4) an integrated data architecture, 5) the
implementation of data quality management and standards at Group
level, 6) the frequency and deadlines for the production of internal
risk reports, 7) the implementation or remediation programmes to
meet BCBS239 requirements. In line with this additional guide, the
Group has initiated a programme to improve its system, under the
joint sponsorship of the Group’s CFO, CRO and deputy COO.
At the same time, the significant orientations taken in previous years
were maintained in 2024 as part of the data strategy (“Data Towards
2025”) in line with the Group’s 2025 ambitions, in particular in the
following areas:
■ the implementation of the Group’s Data Management strategy,

With regard to the IFRS 9 provisioning process, a dedicated control
plan has been deployed by the entities in the Beacon tool. The
results of controls as well as the problems encountered are
monitored in the cross‑functional IFRS 9 FORCC (2).

The sustainability information control framework
The deployment of an internal control framework specific to
sustainability information is mainly based on:
■ A mapping of existing data production processes and a data

collection organisation;
■ A roles and responsibilities matrix (RACI) created as part of the

sustainability reporting implementation project;
■ A gap analysis between regulatory disclosure requirements and

in particular the standardisation of data, including those
relating to ESG, the monitoring and control of their quality
(strengthening of local Business line indicators and their
consolidated view, organisation of the extension of the scope of
critical data), their continued inclusion in the Finance &
Strategy permanent control framework, the organisation of the
processes supporting these activities (inclusion of the Single
Supply Chain organisational model, with in 2024, the
streamlining of the credit risk calculation and consolidation
system), the use of adapted technologies and a strengthened
data culture within the Group with active management of the
Data Management community (organisation of various data
events during the year);

published sustainability information;

(1) CRR3: (“Capital regulatory requirement 3”): this regulation defines the prudential requirements for financial institutions.
(2) FORCC: Financial and Operational Risk Control Committee.
(3) “SSM: Single Supervisory Mechanism”. The Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) places significant banks under the direct supervision of the European Central Bank.

138

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

■ the coordination of Data governance with, in particular, the

holding of the Group Data Board (biannual), a Shared Data
Council for the data of the Group’s standards and quality
assessment committees and monitoring of remediation actions
of the Group, Business lines or functions and entities (Quality
Assessment & Remediation Committees - QARC), generally on a
quarterly basis;
■ consideration of the Data strategy as part of the Group’s IT

strategy, in particular by integrating the principles of Data
Management by Design and the IT contribution to the data
constitution model (including the development of application
data dictionaries);
■ a significant contribution to the Group’s major projects for data

aspects such as the multi‑year project of the main credit risk
models, the project to prepare for the effective transition to
regulations aiming at strengthening prudential requirements
(“CRR3 (1)”) from 2025 or the review of the IFRS 9 stage 1 and 2
provision calculations.

PERIODIC CONTROL
The Inspection Générale has a dedicated Finance channel (called the
“Finance Domain”) with a team of specialist inspectors in accounting
and financial auditing, thus reflecting the Inspection Générale’s
strategy of having a robust auditing capability, as regards both the
technical complexity of its work and its scope of coverage of
accounting and financial risk.
Its action plan is based on an annual risk assessment exercise, the
practical details of which have been established by the Inspection
Générale based on the risk evaluation chart defined by the RISK
Function.
The core aims of this team are as follows:
■ establishing a hub of accounting and financial expertise in order

to reinforce the capability of Inspection Générale when carrying
out inspections in these areas;
■ disseminating accounting and financial internal audit best

practices and standardising the quality of related audit work
within the Group;
■ identifying and inspecting areas of accounting and financial risk

at Group level.

2

RELATIONS WITH THE STATUTORY AUDITORS
Each year, as part of their statutory assignment, the Statutory
Auditors issue a report in which they give their opinion concerning
the consistency and fairness of the consolidated financial
statements of the BNP Paribas Group as well as the annual financial
statements of the Group’s companies. The Statutory Auditors also
carry out limited reviews on the closing of the half‑yearly accounts,
and specific tasks in relation to the quarterly accounts.

2

Thus, as part of their statutory mission:
■ they examine any significant changes in accounting standards

and present their opinions to the Financial Statements
Committee concerning the accounting choices with a material
impact;
■ they present their conclusions to the Finance & Strategy

Functions in the entities/Business lines/Divisions and at Group
level, and in particular any observations and recommendations
to improve certain aspects of the internal control environment
that contribute to the preparation of the accounting and
financial information that they reviewed during their audit.
The Statutory Auditors are also responsible for certifying
sustainability information on the basis of limited assurance.

FINANCIAL COMMUNICATION (PRESS
RELEASES, SPECIAL PRESENTATIONS, ETC.)
Financial communications for publication are written by the
“Investor Relations and Financial Information” Department within
Finance & Strategy (Group). It is directed at retail and institutional
shareholders, financial analysts and rating agencies, and presents
the Group’s different activities, explains its results and describes its
development strategy, while maintaining the financial information
homogeneous with that used at an internal level.
The team, which reports to Executive Management and the Chief
Financial Officer, proposes and defines the format in which financial
information is published by the BNP Paribas Group. It works with the
Divisions and functions to prepare the presentation of financial
results, strategic projects and specific topics. It distributes them to
the financial community.
Financial communciation relating to the quarterly, half‑yearly or
annual financial information included in the amendments to the
universal registration document is entirely read by the statutory
auditors.

(1) CRR3: Capital Requirement Regulation 3.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

139

2

140

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Internal control [sustainability statements]

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS

3.1

BNP Paribas consolidated results

142

Solid results
Achievement of 2024 objectives
Income distribution

142
143
144

Results by division/business line

145

Corporate and Institutional Banking (CIB)
Commercial, Personal Banking & Services (CPBS)
Investment & Protection Services (IPS)
Insurance and Wealth & asset management
Corporate centre

145
147
151
152
153

Balance sheet

154

Assets
Liabilities
Minority interests
Shareholders’ equity
Financing and guarantee commitments

154
156
157
157
157

Profit and loss account

158

Revenues from continuing activitie s
Operating expenses, depreciation and amortisation
Gross operating income from continuing activities
Cost of risk and other net losses for risk on financial instruments
Operating income from continuing activities
Net income attributable to equity holders
Minority interests

158
160
160
160
161
161
161

2024 CSR achievements

162

BNP Paribas supporting its clients’ transition

162

Recent events

168

Products and services
Acquisitions and partnerships

168
168

Outlook

168

2025 - 2026 Trajectory
Information on trends

168
169

3.8

Financial structure

170

3.9

Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s
General regulation

171

Methodology – Comparative analysis at constant scope and exchange rates
Reminder

173
174

3.2

3.3

3.4

3.5
3.6

3.7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

141

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
BNP Paribas consolidated results

3.1 BNP Paribas consolidated results
The section includes references for the year 2023 distributable income. The distributable income is the basis for the calculation of the
distribution in 2023 and reflects the intrinsic performance of the Group after the impact of the sale of Bank of the West, after the contribution to
the constitution of the Single Resolution Fund (SRF) and excluding extraordinary items.

2024

2023 distributable

2023

2024/2023
distributable

48,831

46,927

45,874

+4.1%

(30,193)

(29,580)

(30,956)

+2.1%

Gross Operating Income

18,638

17,347

14,918

+7.4%

Cost of Risk

(2,999)

(2,907)

(2,907)

+3.2%

Other net losses for risk on financial instruments

(202)

0

(775)

n.s.

Operating Income

15,437

14,440

11,236

+6.9%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

701

593

593

+18.2%

Other Non‑Operating Items

50

(104)

(104)

n.s.

Pre‑Tax Income

16,188

14,929

11,725

+8.4%

Corporate Income Tax

(4,001)

(3,266)

(3,266)

+22.5%

(499)

(431)

(431)

+15.8%

In millions of euros

Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.

Net Income Attributable to Minority Interests
Net Income from discontinued activities

0

0

2,947

n.s.

Net Income Attributable to Equity Holders

11,688

11,232

10,975

+4.1%

Cost/income

61.8%

63.0%

67.5%

-1.2 pt

SOLID RESULTS
BNP Paribas’ diversified and integrated model and its capacity to
accompany clients and the economy in a comprehensive way by
mobilising its teams, its resources, and its capabilities, continued to
drive growth in activity and results in 2024.
For the full‑year 2024, revenues came to EUR 48,831 million, up by
4.1% compared to 2023 on a distributable basis (1) (hereinafter:
2023).

CIB revenues (EUR 17,897 million) increased by 8.4% vs. 2023, driven
by very good performances in all three business lines. Global
Banking revenues increased by 7.1% vs. 2023, driven, in particular, by
Capital Markets in EMEA and Transaction Banking in the Americas
and APAC. Global Markets (+9.0% vs. 2023) achieved strong growth
at Equity & Prime Services (+27.8%) and stability at FICC. Securities
Services reported a robust increase, driven notably by net interest
revenues (+9.4% vs. 2023).

(1) Based on restatement of quarterly series reported on 29 February 2024. Results serving as a basis for calculating the distribution in 2023 and reflecting the Group’s intrinsic
performance post impact of the Bank of the West sale and post ramp‑up of the Single Resolution Fund (SRF) excluding extraordinary items.

142

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
BNP Paribas consolidated results

CPBS (1) revenues were stable at EUR 26,751 million, driven by
Commercial & Personal Banking (+2.3% vs. 2023) which offset the
decrease at Specialised Businesses (-2.6% vs. 2023). At Commercial &
Personal Banking, revenues were stable in the Eurozone as a whole
and at CPB in France, despite headwinds (2). BNL and Luxembourg
achieved good performances (respectively +4.8% and +5.9% vs.
2023). Revenues decreased at Arval & Leasing Solutions (-6.3% vs.
2023), as they continued to be impacted by the normalisation of
used‑car prices. This was offset partly by strong growth in organic
revenues (financial margin and the margin on services) at Arval
(+17.9% vs. 2023) and the increase in Leasing Solutions revenues
(+4.2% vs. 2023). Personal Finance (-1.7% vs. 2023) achieved an
increase in revenues in its core perimeter (3) (+3.4% vs. 2023).
IPS revenues amounted to EUR 5,824 million (+4.2% vs. 2023), driven
by revenue growth at Insurance (+7.1% vs. 2023), Wealth
Management (+5.3% vs. 2023) and Asset Management (+0.1% vs.
2023; +7.4% vs. 2023, excluding Real Estate and Principal
Investments). Wealth Management achieved growth in fees and
Asset Management in assets under management and fees.
Group operating expenses amounted to EUR 30,193 million, up by
2.1% vs. 2023. They included the exceptional impact of restructuring
and adaptation costs (EUR 230 million) and IT reinforcement costs
(EUR 341 million) for a total of EUR 571 million. At the division level,
operating expenses were up by 4.5% at CIB and by +1.9% at
CPBS (4) (+3.2% at Commercial & Personal Banking and -0.9% at
Specialised Businesses). They were stable at IPS (+0.5% vs. 2023).
The Group’s jaws effect was therefore positive (+2.0 points).

3

In 2024, efficiency savings were in‑line with the announced
trajectory of EUR 1 billion and will continue into 2025 and 2026. The
main measures implemented include: (i) Personal Finance’s
adaptation plan; (ii) ongoing optimisation of sourcing and decreasing
external spending vs. 2023; (iii) ongoing deployment of Shared
Service Centres (+2,200 FTEs since 2023); and (iv) optimisation of
premises (~120,000 m2 released since the end of 2023).
Group gross operating income thus amounted to EUR 18,638 million,
up by 7.4% compared to 2023.
Group cost of risk (5) came to EUR 2,999 million (EUR 2,907 million
in 2023) and remains at a low level at 33 basis points.
Group non‑operating exceptional items, at EUR 345 million in 2024,
reflect the impact of the reconsolidation of activities in
Ukraine (6) (+EUR 226 million) and a capital gain on the divestment
of Personal Finance activities in Mexico (+EUR 119 million).

3

Group pre‑tax income amounted to EUR 16,188 million, up by 8.4%
compared to 2023. With an average corporate tax rate of 26.2%, net
income, Group share came to EUR 11,688 million (vs.
EUR 11,232 million in 2023).
As of 31 December 2024, return on tangible equity, not revaluated,
stood at 10.9%. This reflects the BNP Paribas Group’s solid
performances on the strength of its diversified and integrated model.
Net book value per share (7) stood at 93.7 euros, a 7.0% increase
since 31 December 2023.
Earnings Per Share amounted to EUR 9.57, up by 8.9% compared to
2023.

ACHIEVEMENT OF 2024 OBJECTIVES
The 2024 objectives were surpassed:

■ Cost of risk (10): 33 bps (objective: below 40 bps);

■ Revenues up by 4.1% vs. 2023 (objective: growth of more than

■ Net income: EUR 11.7 billion (objective: above EUR 11.2 billion).

2% vs. 2023 (8));
■ Jaws effect: +2.0 points (objective: positive jaws effect (9);

(1) Including 100% of Private Banking (excluding PEL/CEL effects in France).
(2) Headwinds including Inflation hedges, mandatory reserves, and the Belgian government bonds for a base effect of -EUR 352 million in 2024 vs. 2023.
(3) Strategic perimeter post geographical refocusing
(4) Including 100% of Private Banking (excluding PEL/CEL effects in France).
(5) Cost of risk does not include “Other net losses for risks on financial instruments”.
(6) 60% stake in Ukrsibbank; the other 40% is held by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
(7) Revaluated tangible net book value per share at end of period, in euros.
(8) Based on restatement of quarterly series reported on 29 February 2024. Results serving as a basis for calculating the distribution in 2023 and reflecting the Group's intrinsic
performance post impact of the Bank of the West sale and post ramp‑up of the Single Resolution Fund (SRF) excluding extraordinary items.
(9) Increase in Group revenues between 2023 (distributable) and 2024 minus the increase in Group operating expenses between 2023 (distributable) and 2024.
(10) Cost of risk does not include “Other net losses for risks on financial instruments”.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

143

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
BNP Paribas consolidated results

INCOME DISTRIBUTION
BNP Paribas confirms its distribution policy (with a payout ratio (1) of
60%, including at least 50% in the form of dividends) for its 2024,
2025 and 2026 financial years and its Board of directors has decided
to introduce a semi‑annual interim dividend beginning in 2025
based on 50% of the first half‑year’ earnings per share with an initial
payment that should occur on 30 September 2025 for the first half of
2025.

On this basis, the Board of directors will propose to the General
Meeting of shareholders held on 13 May 2025, a dividend of
4.79 euros paid out in cash, i.e. a distribution of 50% of 2024 net
income (2). The ex‑dividend date will be 19 May 2025, and payment
will be on 21 May 2025.
In addition, a share buyback programme (3) of EUR 1.08 billion will
be launched in the 2nd quarter 2025.

Capital allocation
Revenue from the capital allocated to each division is included in the division’s profit and loss account. The capital allocated to each
division corresponds to the amount required to comply with CRR 2/ CRD 5 regulation, also known as Basel 3, and is based on 11% of
risk‑weighted assets.
Risk‑weighted assets are calculated as the sum of:
■

■

the risk‑weighted assets for credit and counterparty risk, calculated using the standard approach or the Internal Ratings Based
Approach (IRBA) depending on the particular entity or business activity;
the regulatory capital requirement for market risks, for adjustment of credit valuation and for operational risk, multiplied by 12.5.
Moreover, elements that are deducted from Tier 1 capital are allocated to each division. Last, the capital allocated to the
insurance business is based on the minimum solvency capital requirement as defined by Solvency II.

(1) Shareholder payout rate as a % of the net income, Group adjusted for the remuneration of undated super‑subordinated notes, including the cash dividend and share buyback
programmes.
(2) Net income, Group share adjusted for the remuneration of undated super‑subordinated notes.
(3) Subject to the usual conditions, including ECB authorisation.

144

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Results by division/business line

3

3.2 Results by division/business line
CORPORATE AND INSTITUTIONAL BANKING (CIB)
In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

17,897

16,509

+8.4%

(10,731)

(10,265)

+4.5%

Gross Operating Income

7,166

6,244

+14.8%

Cost of Risk & others

143

63

n.s.

Operating Income

7,310

6,307

+15.9%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

17

13

+28.3%

Other Non‑Operating Items

(4)

(18)

-79.6%

Pre‑Tax Income

7,323

6,302

+16.2%

Cost/Income

60.0%

62.2%

-2.2 pt

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

30.6

29.1

+5.3%

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

6,236

5,822

+7.1%

(2,921)

(2,802)

+4.3%

Gross Operating Income

3,315

3,020

+9.8%

Cost of Risk & others

171

74

n.s.

Operating Income

3,486

3,094

+12.7%

6

5

+6.8%

Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.

3

GLOBAL BANKING
In millions of euros

Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

0

0

n.s.

Pre‑Tax Income

Other Non‑Operating Items

3,492

3,100

+12.7%

Cost/Income

46.8%

48.1%

-1.3 pt

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

16.7

16.2

+3.4%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

145

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Results by division/business line

GLOBAL MARKETS
In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

Revenues

8,718

7,996

+9.0%

Incl. FICC

5,066

5,138

-1.4%

Incl. Equity & Prime Services

3,652

2,858

+27.8%

Operating Expenses and Dep.

(5,649)

(5,402)

+4.6%

Gross Operating Income

3,069

2,594

+18.3%

Cost of Risk & others

(28)

(13)

n.s.

Operating Income

3,041

2,581

+17.8%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

2

4

-44.4%

Other Non‑Operating Items

(1)

4

n.s.

Pre‑Tax Income

3,043

2,590

+17.5%

Cost/Income

64.8%

67.6%

-2.8 pt

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

12.6

11.7

+7.4%

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

2,943

2,691

+9.4%

(2,161)

(2,061)

+4.9%

Gross Operating Income

782

630

+24.1%

Cost of Risk & others

0

1

-79.5%

Operating Income

782

631

+23.9%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

9

4

n.s.

Other Non‑Operating Items

(3)

(22)

-88.1%

Pre‑Tax Income

788

612

+28.7%

Cost/Income

73.4%

76.6%

-3.2 pt

1.3

1.2

+11.2%

SECURITIES SERVICES
In millions of euros

Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

For the whole of 2024, CIB revenues amounted to
EUR 17,897 million, up by 8.4%, and its operating expenses to
EUR 10,731 million, up by 4.5% vs. 2023. The jaws effect was positive
by +3.9 points on the whole and positive in each of the three
business lines.

146

CIB gross operating income came to EUR 7,166 million, up by 14.8%
vs. 2023 and cost of risk came to a net release of EUR 143 million,
due mainly to releases of stage 1 and 2 provisions. On this basis,
CIB’s pre‑tax income increased by 16.2% to EUR 7,323 million.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Results by division/business line

3

COMMERCIAL, PERSONAL BANKING & SERVICES (CPBS)
In millions of euros

2024

2023 distribuable

2024/2023 distribuable

26,751

26,627

+0.5%

(16,511)

(16,200)

+1.9%

Gross Operating Income

10,240

10,428

-1.8%

Cost of Risk and others

(3,272)

(2,923)

+11.9%

Operating Income

6,968

7,504

-7.1%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

405

337

+20.3%

Other Non‑Operating Items

(234)

(181)

+29.7%

Pre‑Tax Income

7,139

7,661

-6.8%

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(348)

(330)

+5.5%

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services – excl. PEL/CEL
Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.

Pre‑Tax Income of Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

6,791

7,330

-7.4%

Cost/Income

61.7%

60.8%

+0.9 pt

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date; including 2/3 of Private Banking)

46.8

43.2

+8.3%

3

Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income line items.

Gross operating income (3) amounted to EUR 10,240 million, down
by 1.8% vs. 2023.

In 2024, revenues (1) amounted to EUR 26,751 million (+0.5% vs.
2023). Commercial & Personal Banking achieved a positive
performance (+2.3% vs. 2023) as did New Digital Businesses &
Personal Investors (+6.4% vs. 2023). However, revenues at
Specialised Businesses decreased by 2.6%.

Cost of risk and others (4) amounted to EUR 3,272 million
(EUR 2,923 million in 2023), an increase caused by one credit
situation in France.

At EUR 16,511 million, operating expenses (2) increased by 1.9% vs.
2023.

Pre‑tax income (5) amounted to EUR 6,791 million (EUR 7,330 million
in 2023).

COMMERCIAL & PERSONAL BANKING IN FRANCE (CPBF)
2024

In millions of euros

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable
-0.2%

Commercial and Personal Banking in France – excluding PEL/CEL effects
Revenues

6,582

6,593

Incl. net interest revenue

3,330

3,498

-4.8%

Incl. fees

3,252

3,095

+5.1%

Operating Expenses and Dep.

(4,597)

(4,653)

-1.2%

Gross Operating Income

1,985

1,940

+2.4%

Cost of Risk and others

(668)

(485)

+37.6%

Operating Income

1,318

1,454

-9.4%

0

0

n.s.

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

(2)

0

n.s.

Pre‑Tax Income

Other Non‑Operating Items

1,316

1,454

-9.5%

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(179)

(168)

+6.8%

Pre‑Tax Income of CPBF

1,137

1,287

-11.6%

Cost/Income

69.8%

70.6%

-0.8 pt

12.0

11.5

+4.4%

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date; including 2/3 of Private Banking)
Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income line items.

(1) Including 100% of Private Banking (excluding PEL/CEL effects in France).
(2) Including 100% of Private Banking (excluding PEL/CEL effects in France).
(3) Including 100% of Private Banking (excluding PEL/CEL effects in France).
(4) Including 100% of Private Banking (excluding PEL/CEL effects in France).
(5) Including 2/3 of Private Banking (excluding PEL/CEL effects in France).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

147

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Results by division/business line

BNL BANCA COMMERCIALE (BNL BC)
In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

Revenues

2,857

2,727

+4.8%

Incl. net interest revenue

1,710

1,619

+5.6%

Incl. fees

1,147

1,108

+3.5%

Operating Expenses and Dep.

(1,805)

(1,771)

+1.9%

Gross Operating Income

1,051

956

+10.0%

Cost of Risk and others

(339)

(410)

-17.4%

Operating Income

713

546

+30.6%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

(2)

0

n.s.

Other Non‑Operating Items

(2)

(3)

-25.0%

Pre‑Tax Income

708

542

+30.6%

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(30)

(22)

+38.0%

Pre‑Tax Income of BNL bc

678

520

+30.3%

63.2%

65.0%

-1.8 pt

5.7

5.7

-1.2%

Cost/Income
Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date; including 2/3 of Private Banking)
Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income line items.

COMMERCIAL & PERSONAL BANKING IN BELGIUM (CPBB)
In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

Revenues

3,756

3,990

-5.9%

Incl. net interest revenue

2,609

2,867

-9.0%

Incl. fees

1,148

1,123

+2.2%

Operating Expenses and Dep.

(2,710)

(2,705)

+0.2%

Gross Operating Income

1,046

1,286

-18.6%

Cost of Risk and others

(19)

(86)

-78.3%

Operating Income

1,028

1,199

-14.3%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

82

1

n.s.

Other Non‑Operating Items

5

9

-45.7%

Pre‑Tax Income

1,115

1,210

-7.8%

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(89)

(83)

+6.4%

Pre‑Tax Income of CPBB

1,026

1,126

-8.9%

Cost/Income

72.1%

67.8%

+4.3 pt

6.5

6.1

+7.0%

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date; including 2/3 of Private Banking)
Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income line items.

148

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Results by division/business line

3

COMMERCIAL & PERSONAL BANKING IN LUXEMBOURG (CPBL)
In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

Revenues

627

592

+5.9%

Incl. net interest revenue

529

497

+6.5%

Incl. fees

98

96

+2.8%

(304)

(294)

+3.5%

Gross Operating Income

323

298

+8.3%

Cost of Risk and others

(4)

(8)

-48.8%

Operating Income

319

290

+9.8%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

0

0

n.s.

Other Non‑Operating Items

0

5

n.s.

Pre‑Tax Income

319

296

+7.7%

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(9)

(7)

+21.8%

Pre‑Tax Income of CPBL

310

289

+7.4%

48.5%

49.7%

-1.2 pt

0.9

0.8

+5.9%

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

Operating Expenses and Dep.

Cost/Income
Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date; including 2/3 of Private Banking)

3

Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income line items.

EUROPE‑MEDITERRANEAN
In millions of euros

Revenues

3,155

2,687

+17.4%

Incl. net interest revenue

2,542

2,241

+13.4%

613

446

+37.5%

(2,028)

(1,662)

+22.0%

Gross Operating Income

1,128

1,025

+10.0%

Cost of Risk

(165)

(44)

n.s.

Other net losses for risk on financial instruments

(201)

0

n.s.

Operating Income

761

981

-22.4%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

299

283

+5.7%

Other Non‑Operating Items

(249)

(183)

+36.4%

Pre‑Tax Income

811

1,081

-25.0%

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(38)

(47)

-19.3%

Pre‑Tax Income of Europe‑Mediterranean

773

1,034

-25.2%

64.3%

61.9%

+2.4 pt

6.1

5.3

+14.6%

Incl. fees
Operating Expenses and Dep.

Cost/Income
Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date; including 2/3 of Private Banking)
Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income line items.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

149

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Results by division/business line

SPECIALISED BUSINESSES – PERSONAL FINANCE
In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

5,075

5,163

-1.7%

(2,779)

(2,952)

-5.9%

Gross Operating Income

2,296

2,210

+3.9%

Cost of Risk and others

(1,573)

(1,600)

-1.7%

Operating Income

724

611

+18.5%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

35

61

-43.2%

Other Non‑Operating Items

64

4

n.s.

Pre‑Tax Income

822

676

+21.6%

Cost/Income

54.8%

57.2%

-2.4 pt

9.6

9.2

+5.0%

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

3,627

3,869

-6.3%

(1,556)

(1,477)

+5.3%

Gross Operating Income

2,071

2,392

-13.4%

Cost of Risk and others

(202)

(167)

+21.0%

Operating Income

1,869

2,225

-16.0%

0

0

n.s.

Other Non‑Operating Items

(62)

(14)

n.s.

Pre‑Tax Income

1,807

2,211

-18.3%

Cost/Income

42.9%

38.2%

+4.7 pt

5.2

3.8

+36.9%

Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

SPECIALISED BUSINESSES – ARVAL & LEASING SOLUTIONS
In millions of euros

Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

150

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Results by division/business line

3

SPECIALISED BUSINESSES – NEW DIGITAL BUSINESSES (NICKEL, FLOA, LYF) AND PERSONAL
INVESTORS
In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

Revenues

1,072

1,007

+6.4%

Operating Expenses and Dep.

(733)

(685)

+6.9%

Gross Operating Income

339

322

+5.4%

Cost of Risk and others

(102)

(123)

-17.3%

Operating Income

237

198

+19.5%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

(9)

(9)

+2.1%

Other Non‑Operating Items

13

0

n.s.

Pre‑Tax Income

241

190

+26.9%

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(4)

(3)

+22.8%

Pre‑Tax Income of New Digital Businesses & Personal Investors

237

187

+27.0%

68.4%

68.0%

+0.4 pt

0.8

0.8

+5.7%

Cost/Income
Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

3

Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income line items.

INVESTMENT & PROTECTION SERVICES (IPS)
In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

5,824

5,590

+4.2%

(3,570)

(3,552)

+0.5%

Gross Operating Income

2,254

2,038

+10.6%

Cost of Risk and others

(15)

(13)

+15.2%

Operating Income

2,239

2,025

+10.6%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

120

224

-46.3%

Other Non‑Operating Items

(4)

(76)

n.s.

Pre‑Tax Income

2,355

2,173

+8.4%

Cost/Income

61.3%

63.5%

-2.2 pt

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

10.7

10.3

+3.9%

Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.

In 2024, revenues came to EUR 5,824 million, up by 4.2% vs. 2023,
driven by growth of revenues, notably fees in Wealth Management,
Insurance and Asset Management. The Real Estate business line was
impacted by the ongoing lacklustre market.

Operating expenses, at EUR 3,570 million, were stable (+0.5% vs.
2023) in connection with operational efficiency measures. The jaws
effect was very positive (+3.7 points).
Gross operating income came to EUR 2,254 million, up by 10.6% vs.
2023.
Pre‑tax income came to EUR 2,355 million, up by 8.4% vs. 2023.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

151

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Results by division/business line

INSURANCE AND WEALTH & ASSET MANAGEMENT
➤ INSURANCE
In millions of euros

Revenues

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

2,238

2,090

+7.1%

Operating Expenses and Dep.

(840)

(808)

+4.0%

Gross Operating Income

1,398

1,281

+9.1%

Cost of Risk and others

0

0

n.s.

Operating Income

1,398

1,281

+9.1%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

176

193

-8.6%

Other Non‑Operating Items

(4)

(80)

n.s.

Pre‑Tax Income

1,570

1,394

+12.6%

Cost/Income

37.5%

38.7%

-1.2 pt

7.1

7.0

+2.4%

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

3,586

3,500

+2.4%

(2,729)

(2,744)

-0.5%

Gross Operating Income

857

756

+13.2%

Cost of Risk and others

(15)

(13)

+15.2%

Operating Income

842

743

+13.2%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

(56)

31

n.s.

0

4

n.s.

Pre‑Tax Income

786

778

+0.9%

Cost/Income

76.1%

78.4%

-2.3 pt

3.6

3.4

+6.9%

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

➤ WEALTH & ASSET MANAGEMENT
In millions of euros

Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.

Other Non‑Operating Items

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

152

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Results by division/business line

3

CORPORATE CENTRE
In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

2024/2023 distributable

Revenues

(917)

(1,088)

-15.7%

(5)

(40)

-87.6%

(1,085)

(1,041)

+4.2%

Operating Expenses and Dep.

227

60

n.s.

Incl. Restructuring, IT Reinforcement and Adaptation Costs

(571)

(576)

-1.0%

Incl. Restatement of attributable costs (Internal Distributors)

1,085

1,041

+4.2%

Gross Operating Income

(690)

(1,027)

-32.8%

Cost of Risk

(54)

(37)

+45.9%

Other net losses for risk on financial instruments

(1)

0

n.s.

Operating Income

(745)

(1,064)

-30.0%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

158

19

n.s.

Other Non‑Operating Items

292

171

+71.1%

Pre‑Tax Income

(294)

(874)

-66.3%

4.9

4.5

+8.1%

Incl. Restatement of the volatility (Insurance business)
Incl. Restatement of attributable costs (Internal Distributors)

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

IFRS 17 “Insurance contracts” has replaced IFRS 4 “Insurance
contracts” since 1 January 2023. IFRS 17 entered into force together
with the implementation of IFRS 9 for insurance activities.

income. The impact of these entries for internal distributors is
presented in Corporate Centre, in order not to impede the
readability of their financial performance;
■ The impact of the volatility generated by the fair value

The main effects are as follows:
■ Operating

3

expenses deemed “attributable to insurance
activities” are recognised in deduction of revenues and no
longer booked in operating expenses. These accounting entries
apply only to Insurance and to Group entities (other than in the
Insurance business line) that distribute insurance contracts (i.e.
internal distributors) and have no impact on gross operating

accounting of certain assets through profit and loss (IFRS 9) is
presented in Corporate Centre and therefore has no impact on
Insurance revenues.
Since 1 January 2023, Corporate Centre thus includes restatements,
which will be reported separately each quarter to improve
readability.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

153

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Balance sheet

3.3 Balance sheet
ASSETS
OVERVIEW
At 31 December 2024, the total consolidated balance sheet of the
BNP Paribas Group amounted to EUR 2,704.9 billion, up by +4.4%
from 31 December 2023 (EUR 2,591.5 billion). The Group’s main
assets include cash and balances at central banks, financial
instruments at fair value through profit or loss, loans and advances
to customers, debt securities at amortised cost, investments and
other assets related to insurance activities and accrued income and
other assets, which, together, accounted for 93% of total assets at
31 December 2024 (94% at 31 December 2023). The +4.4% increase
in assets is mainly due to the evolution of:
■ financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss which

increased by +11.6% (+EUR 84.8 billion, or EUR 815.7 billion at
31 December 2024);
■ financial instruments at fair value through equity which

increased by +42.1% (+EUR 21.2 billion, or EUR 71.4 billion at
31 December 2024);
■ loans and advances to credit institutions which increased by

+28.0% (+EUR 6.8 billion, or EUR 31.1 billion at 31 December
2024);
■ loans and advances to customers which increased by +4.8%

(+EUR 40.9 billion, or EUR 900.1 billion at 31 December 2024);
■ debt securities at amortised cost which increased by +21.3%

(+EUR 25.8 billion or EUR 1470 billion at 31 December 2024);
■ investments and other assets related to insurance activities

which
increased
by
+11.6%
(+EUR 29.8 billion,
or
EUR 286.8 billion at 31 December 2024); This increase in mainly
due to the acquisition by BNP Paribas Cardif of BCC Vita SpA
(+EUR 4 billion) in the second quarter 2024 and Neuflize Vie
(+EUR 12 billion) in the fourth quarter 2024;
■ property, plant and equipment and investment property which

increased by +11.3% (+EUR 5.1 billion, or EUR 50.3 billion at
31 December 2024);
■ cash and balances at central banks which decreased by -36.7%

(-EUR 105.8 billion, or EUR 182.5 billion at 31 December 2024).

CASH AND BALANCES AT CENTRAL BANKS
Cash and central banks accounted for EUR 182.5 billion at
31 December 2024, a decrease of -36.7% since 31 December 2023
(EUR 288.3 billion). This decrease is due to the redeployment of
excess cash to finance business growth.

154

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE
THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
Financial assets recognised at market or model value through profit
or loss are composed of trading portfolios, financial derivatives and
certain assets not held for trading purposes, whose characteristics
do not permit recognition at amortised cost or at fair value through
equity. Financial assets in the trading portfolio include securities,
loans and repurchase agreements.
These assets are measured at market or model value at each
balance sheet date.
Total financial instruments at market value by profit and loss
increased by +11.6% (+EUR 84.8 billion) compared with 31 December
2023.
This increase is mainly due to the +26.3% increase in securities
(+EUR 55.7 billion to EUR 267.4 billion at 31 December 2024), and
the +10.5% increase in derivative financial instruments
(+EUR 30.6 billion to EUR 322.6 billion at 31 December 2024),
partially offset by the -0.7% decrease in loans and repurchase
agreements (-EUR 1.5 billion to EUR 225.7 billion at 31 December
2024).

LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CREDIT
INSTITUTIONS
Loans and advances to credit institutions (net of impairment)
amounted to EUR 31.1 billion at 31 December 2024, an increase of
+EUR 6.8 billion compared with 31 December 2023, and are split
between on demand accounts, loans to credit institutions and
repurchase agreements.
Repurchase agreements were up by 71% for a total of EUR 8.4 billion
at 31 December 2024, compared with EUR 4.9 billion at
31 December 2023. Loans to credit institutions increased by +18% to
EUR 14.4 billion
at
31 December 2024,
compared with
EUR 12.2 billion at 31 December 2023. Impairment provisions were
stable at EUR 85 million at 31 December 2024.

LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS
Loans and advances to customers are divided into ordinary accounts,
loans to customers, reverse repurchase agreements and finance
leases.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Balance sheet

Loans and advances to customers (net of impairment) amounted to
EUR 900.1 billion at 31 December 2024, compared with
EUR 859.2 billion at 31 December 2023, increasing by +4.8%. This is
due to the increase in financial leases which amounted to
EUR 51 billion at 31 December 2024, increasing by +7.0% compared
with 31 December 2022 and an increase in demand accounts, which
amounted to EUR 56.8 billion at 31 December 2024, increasing by
+29.2% compared with 2023, followed by an increase in loans to
customers (+3.2%, or EUR 791.8 billion at 31 December 2024,
compared with EUR 767 billion at 31 December 2023). Impairment
provisions were down to EUR 16.9 billion at 31 December 2024,
compared with EUR 17.5 billion at 31 December 2023.

DEBT SECURITIES AT AMORTISED COST OR AT
MARKET OR MODEL VALUE THROUGH EQUITY
Debt securities that are not held for trading purposes and which
meet the cash flow criterion established by IFRS 9 are recognised:
■ at amortised cost if managed to collect cash flows by collecting

contractual payments over the life of the instrument; or
■ at fair value through equity if held in a business model whose

objective is achieved through both the collection of contractual
cash flows and the sale of financial assets.

Debt securities at amortised cost
Debt securities at amortised cost are measured using the effective
interest rate method. They totalled EUR 147 billion at 31 December
2024 (net of impairment), compared with EUR 121.2 billion at
31 December 2023, thus increasing by +21.3%.

Debt securities at fair value through equity
These assets are measured at market or model value through equity
at each balance sheet date. They increased by EUR 21.2 billion
between 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2024, amounting to
EUR 71.4 billion.

3

Debt securities at fair value through equity posted an unrealised loss
of -EUR 1,285 million at 31 December 2024, compared with
-EUR 585 million at 31 December 2023, a decrease of
-EUR 700 million.

INVESTMENTS AND OTHER ASSETS RELATED
TO INSURANCE ACTIVITIES
Financial investments and other assets related to insurance
activities mainly include financial instruments corresponding to
investments of liabilities relating to insurance contracts and in
particular unit‑linked contracts, derivative instruments subscribed,
investment properties, equity‑method investments and assets
related to insurance activities.
Investments and other assets related to insurance activities
amounted to EUR 286.8 billion at 31 December 2024, an increase of
+11.6% compared with 31 December 2023. This variation is mainly
due to an increase of +10.6% in financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss (EUR 173.4 billion at 31 December 2024, compared
with EUR 156.8 billion at 31 December 2023), and to an increase of
14.7% in financial assets at fair value through equity
(EUR 102.2 billion at 31 December 2024, compared with
EUR 89.1 billion at 31 December 2023).

3

Financial assets at fair value through equity had an unrealised loss
of -EUR 5.2 billion at 31 December 2024, compared with
-EUR 5.1 billion at 31 December 2023, a decrease of –EUR 0.1 billion.

ACCRUED INCOME AND OTHER ASSETS
Accrued income and other assets are divided between guarantee
deposits and bank guarantees paid, collection accounts, accrued
income and prepaid expenses, other debtors and miscellaneous
assets.
Accrued income and other assets amounted to EUR 174.1 billion at
31 December 2024, compared with EUR 170.8 billion at
31 December 2023, up by +2%. This increase is in particular related
to guarantee deposits and bank guarantees paid, up by
+EUR 5.9 billion (+5.0%).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

155

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Balance sheet

LIABILITIES
OVERVIEW
The Group’s liabilities (excluding equity) amounted to
EUR 2,570.8 billion at 31 December 2024, up by +4.4% from
31 December 2023 (EUR 2,462.6 billion). The Group’s main liabilities
consist of financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss,
deposits from customers and from credit institutions, debt securities,
accrued expenses and other liabilities, and liabilities related to
insurance contracts, which, together, accounted for 96% of the
Group’s total liabilities (excluding equity) at 31 December 2024 (97%
at 31 December 2023). The +4.4% increase in liabilities is mainly due
to the evolution of:
■ financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss which

increased by +6.8% (+EUR 50.5 billion, or EUR 791.7 billion at
31 December 2024);
■ deposits from credit institutions which decreased by -29.7%

(-EUR 28.3 billion, or EUR 66.9 billion at 31 December 2024);
■ deposits

from customers which increased by +4.7%
(+EUR 46.3 billion, or EUR 1,034.9 billion at 31 December 2024);

■ debt securities which increased by +3.5% (+EUR 6.6 billion, or

EUR 198.1 billion at 31 December 2024);
■ subordinated

debts which increased by +28.6%
7.1 billion, or EUR 31.8 billion at 31 December 2024);

(+EUR

■ liabilities related to insurance contracts increased by +13.6%

(+EUR 29.7 billion, or EUR 247.7 billion at 31 December 2024);
This increase in mainly due to the acquisition by BNP Paribas
Cardif of BCC Vita SpA (+EUR 4 billion) in the second quarter
2024 and Neuflize Vie (+EUR 12 billion) in the fourth quarter
2024;
■ accrued expenses and other liabilities which decreased by -4.7%

(-EUR 6.7 billion, or EUR 137.0 billion at 31 December 2023);

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR OR MODEL
VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
The trading portfolio consists mainly of sales of borrowed securities,
repurchase agreements and financial derivatives. Financial liabilities
designated as at fair or model value through profit or loss are mainly
composed of issues originated and structured on behalf of clients,
where the risk exposure is managed in combination with the hedging
strategy. These types of issues contain significant embedded
derivatives, whose changes in value are offset by changes in value of
the hedging instruments.
Total financial instruments at fair or model value through profit or
loss increased by +6.8% (+EUR 50.5 billion) compared with 31
December 2023, related mainly to the +11.4% increase in repurchase
agreement operations (+EUR 31.2 billion to EUR 304.8 billion at
31 December 2024), the +8.3% increase in financial derivatives

156

(+EUR 23.1 billion to EUR 302.0 billion at 31 December 2024), and
the +25.3% increase in issued debt securities and subordinated debt
(+EUR 21.2 billion to EUR 104.9 billion at 31 December 2024),
partially offset by the -23.8% decrease in securities (-EUR 25.0 billion
to EUR 80.0 billion at 31 December 2024).

DEPOSITS FROM CREDIT INSTITUTIONS
Amounts due to credit institutions consist primarily of interbank
borrowings, demand deposits and repurchase agreements. Amounts
due to credit institutions decreased by -29.7% or -EUR 28.3 billion to
EUR 66.9 billion at 31 December 2024. This variation mainly results
from a -38.4% decrease in interbank borrowings (EUR 54.8 billion at
31 December 2023 compared with EUR 33.8 billion at 31 December
2024), including repayment of the remaining total of TLTRO III loans
amounted to EUR 18 billion.

DEPOSITS FROM CUSTOMERS
Deposits from customers consist primarily of on‑demand deposits,
term accounts, savings accounts and repurchase agreements.
Deposits from customers amounted to EUR 1,034.9 billion, increasing
by +EUR 46.3 billion since 31 December 2023. This is due to an
increase of +3.8% in on‑demand deposits (an increase of
EUR 20.4 billion, to EUR 562.5 billion as at 31 December 2024), an
increase of +6.2% in savings accounts (an increase of
+EUR 9.4 billion, to EUR 162.1 billion as at 31 December 2024), and
an increase of +5.1% in term accounts and short‑term notes (an
increase of EUR 14.8 billion, to EUR 307.3 billion as at 31 December
2024).

DEBT SECURITIES
This category includes negotiable certificates of deposit and bond
issues but does not include debt securities classified as financial
liabilities at fair or model value through profit or loss (see note 4.h to
the consolidated financial statements). Debt securities rose from
EUR 191.5 billion at 31 December 2023 to EUR 198.1 billion at
31 December 2024.

ACCRUED EXPENSE AND OTHER LIABILITIES
Accrued expense and other liabilities consist of guarantee deposits
received, collection accounts, accrued expense and deferred income,
lease liabilities, as well as other creditors and miscellaneous
liabilities.
Accrued expense and other liabilities amounted to EUR 137 billion at
31 December 2024, compared with EUR 143.7 billion at
31 December 2023, a decrease of -4.7%. This decrease is mainly due
to other creditors and miscellaneous liabilities, down by
-EUR 5.1 billion (-12.2%).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Balance sheet

LIABILITIES RELATED TO INSURANCE
CONTRACTS
Liabilities related to insurance contracts increased by +13.6%
compared with 31 December 2023 and amounted to
EUR 247.7 billion at 31 December 2024 (EUR 218.0 billion at

3

31 December 2023). This increase is mainly due to a scope effect
related to the acquisition by BNP Paribas Cardif of BCC Vita SpA and
Neuflize Vie, as well as the increase in the valuation of underlining
asssets related to insurance contracts not measured under the
Premium Allocation Approach.

MINORITY INTERESTS
Minority interests amounted to EUR 6.0 billion at 31 December 2024, compared with EUR 5.1 billion at 31 December 2023.

3
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Shareholders’ equity (before dividend payout) amounted to
EUR 128.1 billion at 31 December 2024, compared with
EUR 123.7 billion at 31 December 2023. The increase of
+EUR 4.4 billion is mainly attributable to the profit of the period

which amounted to +EUR 11.7 billion, to the distribution of dividends
on 2023 profit for -EUR 5.2 billion, to undated super subordinated
notes reimbursement for -EUR 1.4 billion, and to the share buyback
for -EUR 1.1 billion.

FINANCING AND GUARANTEE COMMITMENTS
FINANCING COMMITMENTS

GUARANTEE COMMITMENTS

Financing commitments given mainly consist of documentary credit,
other credit confirmations and other commitments. They increased
by EUR 21.2 billion compared with 31 December 2023, to
EUR 390.7 billion at 31 December 2024.

Guarantee commitments given rose by +9.4% to EUR 208.3 billion at
31 December 2024 (compared with EUR 190.3 billion at
31 December 2023); this increase comes from the guarantee
commitments given to credit institutions (an increase of +31.3% to
EUR 82.9 billion at 31 December 2023), and the decrease of
guarantee commitments to customers by -1.4% to EUR 125.4 billion
at 31 December 2024 (compared with EUR 127.2 billion at
31 December 2023)

Financing commitments given to customers increased by +5.3% to
EUR 385.3 billion at 31 December 2024 and those given to credit
institutions decreased by EUR 1.7 billion to EUR 5.3 billion at
31 December 2024.
Financing commitments received consist mainly of financing
commitments received from credit institutions in the context of
refinancing from central banks. Financing commitments received
increased by +10.4%, to EUR 80.4 billion at 31 December 2024,
compared with EUR 72.8 billion at 31 December 2023.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

157

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Profit and loss account

3.4 Profit and loss account
REVENUES FROM CONTINUING ACTIVITIES
In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Change (2024/2023)

Net interest income

19,524

19,058

+2.4%

Net commission income

10,701

9,821

+9.0%

Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss

11,569

10,346

+11.8%

Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through equity

209

28

x7.5

Net gain on derecognised financial assets at amortised cost

55

66

-16.7%

Net income from insurance activities

2,396

2,320

+3.3%

Net income from other activities

4,377

4,235

+3.4%

REVENUES FROM CONTINUING ACTIVITIES

48,831

45,874

+6.4%

OVERVIEW

■ net interest income from cash flow hedges, which are used in

particular to hedge the interest rate risk on variable‑rate assets
and liabilities. Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are
recorded in equity. The amounts recorded in equity over the life
of the hedge are transferred to “Net interest income” as and
when the cash flows from the hedged item are recognised as
profit or loss in the income statement.

The increase of +EUR 3.0 billion in the Group’s revenues between
2023 and 2024 was mainly due to the increase of +EUR 1.2 billion in
net gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
and +EUR 0.9 billion in net commission income.

NET INTEREST INCOME
This line item includes net interest income and expense related to
customer transactions, interbank transactions, debt instruments
issued by the Group, cash flow hedge instruments, derivatives used
for interest‑rate portfolio hedge, debt securities at amortised cost or
at fair value through equity, and non‑trading instruments at fair
value through profit or loss.
More specifically, the “Net interest income” line item includes:
■ net interest income from loans and advances, including

interest, transaction costs, fees and commissions included in
the initial value of the loan. These items are calculated using
the effective interest method, and recognised in the profit and
loss account over the life of the loan;
■ net interest income from debt securities held by the Group,

which are measured at amortised cost or at fair value through
equity (for the interest calculated using the effective interest
method), and from non‑trading debt securities at fair value
through profit or loss (for the contractual accrued interest);

158

Interest income and expense on fair value hedge derivatives are
included with the interest generated by the hedged item. Similarly,
interest income and expense arising from derivatives used for
economic hedge of transactions designated as at fair value through
profit or loss are allocated to the same line items as the interest
income and expense relating to the underlying transactions.
The main factors affecting the level of net interest income are the
relative volumes of interest‑earning assets and interest‑bearing
liabilities and the spread between lending and funding rates. Net
interest income is also affected by the impact of hedging
transactions, and, to a lesser extent, exchange rate fluctuations.
Volumes of interest‑earning assets and interest‑bearing liabilities
can be affected by various factors, in addition to general market
conditions and growth in the Group’s lending activities (either
organically or through acquisitions). One such factor is the Group’s
business mix, such as the relative proportion of capital allocated to
interest‑generating as opposed to fee‑generating businesses.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Profit and loss account

The other principal factor affecting net interest income is the spread
between lending and funding rates, which itself is influenced by
several factors. These include central bank funding rates (which
affect both the yield on interest‑earning assets and the rates paid on
sources of funding, although not always in a linear and simultaneous
manner), the proportion of funding sources represented by
non‑interest bearing customer deposits, government decisions to
raise or lower interest rates on regulated savings accounts, the
competitive environment, the relative weight of the Group’s various
interest‑bearing products, which have different margins as a result
of different competitive environments, and the Bank’s hedging
strategy and accounting treatment of hedging transactions.
Net Interest income increased by +2.4% to EUR 19,524 million for the
year ended 31 December 2024. This variation is attributable to the
combination of the increase on financial instruments designated as
at fair value through equity (EUR 2,892 million in 2024, compared
with EUR 1,856 million in 2023), the increase in net income on
interest rate portflolio hedge instruments (-EUR 1,409 million in
2024, compared with -EUR 1,940 million in 2023), and the decrease
in net income from financial instruments at amortised cost
(EUR 17,455 million in 2024, compared with EUR 18,269 million in
2023).

NET COMMISSION INCOME
Net commission income includes commissions on customer
transactions, securities and derivatives transactions, financing and
guarantee commitments, and asset management and other services.
Net commission income increased by +9.0%, from EUR 9,821 million
in 2023 to EUR 10,701 million in 2024.
Insurance activity fees are included in “Net income from insurance
activities”.

NET GAIN ON FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AT
FAIR OR MODEL VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
LOSS
This line item includes all profit and loss items relating to financial
instruments managed in the trading book, to financial instruments
designated as at fair value through profit or loss by the Group under
the fair value option and to non‑trading debt securities that do not
meet the criteria required to be recognised at amortised cost or at
fair value through equity (other than interest income and expense on
the last two categories, which are recognised under “Net interest
income” as presented above). It also includes gains and losses on
non‑trading equity instruments that the Group did not choose to
measure at fair value through equity. This includes both capital gains
and losses on the sale and the marking to fair value of these
instruments, along with dividends from equity securities.

3

The gains and losses resulting from cash flows and the
remeasurement of financial instruments, either cash or derivatives,
must be appreciated as a whole in order to give a fair representation
of the profit or loss resulting from trading activities.
Net gains on financial instruments as at fair or model value through
profit or loss increased by +11.8% from EUR 10,346 million in 2023
to EUR 11,569 million in 2024.
The income from items designated as at fair value through profit or
loss are partly offset by changes in value of the derivative
instruments hedging these assets.

NET GAIN ON FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AT
FAIR VALUE THROUGH EQUITY
Net gains on financial instruments at fair value through equity
correspond to gains and losses realised on debt securities
recognised at fair value through equity and to dividends from equity
securities that the Group chose to recognise at fair value through
equity.

3

Changes in fair value of these assets are initially recognised under
“Changes in assets and liabilities recognised directly in equity”. Upon
sale of these assets, realised gains or losses are recognised in the
profit or loss account under “Net gains on financial instruments at
fair value through equity” for debt securities, or transferred to
retained earnings for equity securities.
Net gains on financial instruments at fair value through equity
amounted to EUR 209 million in 2024 and EUR 28 million in 2023.

NET INCOME FROM INSURANCE ACTIVITIES
Net income from insurance activities includes insurance service
result and financial result. Insurance service result includes revenue
from services relating to a group of insurance contracts
compensated by related insurance service expenses. Financial result
includes investment return compensated by related net finance
income or expenses from insurance contracts.
Net income from insurance activities increased by EUR 76.0 million
compared with 2023 and amounted to EUR 2,396 million in 2024.

NET INCOME FROM OTHER ACTIVITIES
This item includes, among other things, net income from investment
property, assets held under operating lease and property
development activities. Net income from other activities increased by
3.4%, from EUR 4,235 million in 2023 to EUR 4,377 million in 2024.
This change is mainly due to a EUR 143 million increase in Net
income from assets held under operating leases.

This line item also includes gains and losses due to the
ineffectiveness of fair value hedges, cash flow hedges, and net
foreign investment hedges.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

159

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Profit and loss account

OPERATING EXPENSES, DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION
In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Change (2024/2023)

Operating expenses

(27,803)

(28,713)

-3.2%

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets

(2,390)

(2,243)

+6.6%

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES, DEPRECIATION, AND AMORTISATION

(30,193)

(30,956)

-2.5%

Operating expenses, depreciation and amortisation decreased by -2.5%, from -EUR 30,956 million in 2023 to -EUR 30,193 million in 2024.

GROSS OPERATING INCOME FROM CONTINUING ACTIVITIES
The Group’s gross operating income increased by +24.9% to EUR 18,638 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 (compared with
EUR 14,918 million for the year ended 31 December 2023), due to the increase in revenues from continuing activities (+6.4%) and the decrease
in operating expenses (-2.5%).

COST OF RISK AND OTHER NET LOSSES FOR RISK ON FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Change (2024/2023)

(2,689)

(2,596)

+3.6%

Recoveries on loans and receivables previously written off

250

250

ns

Losses on irrecoverable loans

(560)

(561)

-0.2%

Net allowances to impairment

Act on assistance to borrowers in Poland

ns

TOTAL COST OF RISK FOR THE PERIOD

OTHER NET LOSSES FOR RISK ON FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

COST OF RISK
This line item represents the net amount of impairment losses
recognised for credit risks inherent in the Group’s intermediation
activities, as well as any impairment loss relating to counterparty
risks on over‑the‑counter derivative instruments.
The Group’s cost of risk amounted to EUR 2,999 million in 2024, an
increase of +3.2% compared with 2023.
The increase in cost of risk in 2024 is mainly due to the increase of
EUR 340 million in cost of risk related to impaired assets and
commitments (stage 3) offset by a decrease of –EUR 248 million in
cost of risk related to assets and commitments classified in stage 1
and 2.
As at 31 December 2024, the total amount of doubtful loans,
securities and commitments, net of collateral, amounted to
EUR 19.9 billion (compared with EUR 19.2 billion as at 31 December
2023), and the related impairment amounted to EUR 13.9 billion,

160

(2,999)

(2,907)

+3.2%

(202)

(775)

-73.9%

compared with EUR 13.8 billion as at 31 December 2023. The
coverage ratio was at 70% at 31 December 2024, compared with 72%
at 31 December 2023.
More detailed information on the cost of risk per business line is
available in chapter 4, note 3 Segment Information, paragraph
Income by business segment.

OTHER NET LOSSES FOR RISK ON FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS
In 2024, the expense thus recognised relates to EUR 186 million in
mortgage loans in Swiss franc or indexed to the Swiss franc in
Poland, and to EUR 16 million in losses under the law on assistance
to borrowers in Poland. In 2023, it was mainly composed of
EUR 450 million in mortgage loans in Swiss franc or indexed to the
Swiss franc in Poland, and EUR 221 million in foreign currency loans
issued by BNP Paribas Personal Finance.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Profit and loss account

3

OPERATING INCOME FROM CONTINUING ACTIVITIES
In total, operating income increased by +37.4%, from EUR 11,236 million in 2023 to EUR 15,437 million for the year ended 31 December 2024.
Besides the rise in gross operating income, this change is mainly due to the decrease in other net losses for risk on financial instruments
(-73.9%).

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS
In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Change (2024/2023)

15,437

11,236

+37.4%

Share of earnings of equity‑method entities

701

593

+18.2%

Net gain on non‑current assets

(191)

(104)

+83.7%

Goodwill

241

OPERATING INCOME FROM CONTINUING ACTIVITIES

Corporate income tax

(4,001)

Net income from discontinued activities

ns
(3,266)

+22.5%

2,947

ns

Net income attributable to minority interests

(499)

(431)

+15.8%

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS

11,688

10,975

+6.5%

SHARE OF EARNINGS OF EQUITY‑METHOD
ENTITIES

3

CHANGE IN VALUE OF GOODWILL

The share of earnings of equity‑method entities increased from
EUR 593 million in 2023 to EUR 701 million in 2024.

Changes in the value of goodwill amounted to EUR 241 million in
2024 (including EUR 226 million of negative goodwill on
UkrSibbank), compared with no change in the value in 2023.

NET GAIN ON NON‑CURRENT ASSETS

INCOME TAX EXPENSE

This item includes net realised gains or losses on sales of tangible
and intangible assets used in operations and on sales of investments
in consolidated undertakings.

The Group recorded an income tax expense of EUR 4,001 million in
2024, an increase compared with the income tax expense of
EUR 3,266 million recorded in 2023.

Net gains on fixed assets decreased by -EUR 87 million
(-EUR 191 million in 2024 compared with -EUR 104 million in 2023).
In 2024, this item includes the impact of the hyperinflationary
situation in Türkiye according to IAS 29 for -EUR 294 million
(compared with -EUR 272 million in 2023) and the loss of control on
Cetelem Mexico for +EUR 119 million, and the sale of the buildings
for +EUR 173 million in 2023.

NET INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED ACTIVITIES
There was no net income from discontinued activities in 2024
compared with EUR 2,947 million in 2023 (related to the net capital
gain on the disposal of the retail and commercial banking activities
in the United States operated by the BancWest cash‑generating
unit).

MINORITY INTERESTS
The share of earnings attributable to minority interests in consolidated companies increased by +EUR 68 million (EUR 499 million in 2024
compared with EUR 431 million in 2023).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

161

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
2024 CSR achievements

3.5 2024 CSR achievements
BNP PARIBAS SUPPORTING ITS CLIENTS’ TRANSITION
For more than fifteen years, BNP Paribas has made strategic
decisions aimed at contributing to a more sustainable society and
seizing the opportunities offered by the transformations of the
economy. In an organised, sustainable, and determined manner, the
Group has placed sustainable development at the heart of its
strategy and is supporting its customers on a daily basis in their
transition by offering them products and services adapted to their
needs.
In 2024, BNP Paribas achieved very solid financial and
extra‑financial results. Its diversified and integrated business model
continues to demonstrate its ability to deliver revenue growth and
manage risks while accelerating its financing and financial services
to players pursuing the energy and ecological transition.
The Group has set the objective of supporting its customers in their
low‑carbon transition for a total amount of EUR 200 billion between
2022 and 2025. By the end of 2024, EUR 179 billion have already
been deployed, including EUR 75 billion for 2024 alone, i.e. a 25%
annual production increase. This amount includes loans and bonds
contributing to the low‑carbon transition as well as financial support
provided in some cases in the form of private placements, financial
advice or initial public offerings (IPOs). This commitment benefited
all the Group’s customers, for example in the areas of housing
renovation and sustainable mobility for individual clients, renewable
energy and the decarbonisation of production processes for
companies of all sizes, the financing of institutional clients or the
investment in startups developing innovative solutions to support
the transition.
In addition, the Group integrates ESG criteria into its asset
management and offers sustainable protection, savings, investment,
and real estate services. For several years, BNP Paribas Asset
Management has broadened its range of products and services
favouring investments in assets making a positive contribution to the
transition. The Group has set the objective of reaching
EUR 300 billion in assets under management in open‑ended funds
distributed in Europe by BNP Paribas Asset Management under
articles 8 and 9, according to SFDR (1), by the end of 2025. At
end‑2024, this amount has reached EUR 285 billion, representing
90% of the open‑ended funds distributed by BNP Paribas Asset
Management in Europe.
Through several emblematic 2024 achievements, this presentation
aims at illustrating how BNP Paribas implements its sustainable
development strategy every day in all its business lines, serving the
energy and ecological transition of all its clients, individuals and
companies, in the various sectors of the economy.

SUPPORTING THE TRANSITION TO A MORE
SUSTAINABLE ECONOMY
BNP Paribas’ sustainable development strategy is operationally
embedded in its strategic plan and is based on three pillars.

1.

Committing to working alongside all its clients
in the transition to a sustainable and
low‑carbon economy, leveraging all the
Group’s business lines and expertise

BNP Paribas’ strategy and achievements establish the Group as a
key player in the financing of the energy and ecological transition. At
the end of 2024, BNP Paribas is ranking number one worldwide in
terms of sustainable bonds and loans for the second consecutive
year according to Dealogic, with a total amount of USD 69.2 billion,
and also number one in green bonds also for the second consecutive
year, with USD 27.9 billion. In 2024, specialised publications also
highlighted BNP Paribas’ high level of ESG performance. For
example, the International Financing Review (IFR) magazine named
the Group “ESG Financing House of the Year” for the second
consecutive year.

2.

Aligning the Group’s portfolios with
trajectories compatible with carbon neutrality
by 2050

According to the World Energy Outlook’s Net Zero Emissions scenario
published by the International Energy Agency (IEA) in 2024,
low‑carbon energy should account for more than 95% of global
investments in the energy sector by 2035, i.e. a total of
USD 5,200 billion, to enable a carbon‑neutral economy in 2050. By
mobilising significant resources throughout all its business lines to
support its clients in their efforts to achieve their transition, the
Group is participating in the deployment of the massive investments
needed to make it possible.
Since 2022, BNP Paribas has monitored its financing of high
greenhouse gas (GHG) emitting sectors. This commitment translates
into decarbonisation targets for nine economic sectors (2) in its credit
portfolio, that together account for the vast majority of global GHG
emissions. To measure the progress accomplished and the progress
yet to be made with its clients, BNP Paribas publishes an annual
update of the emission indicators of its credit portfolio by sector (3).

(1) Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation.
(2) These nine sectors are power generation, oil and gas, automotive, steel, aluminium, cement, aviation, shipping, and commercial real estate. The Group also monitors the
greenhouse gas emissions intensity of its financing in the residential real estate sector.
(3) https://group.bnpparibas/en/our‑commitments/sustainable‑finance‑follow‑our‑progress‑in‑figures.

162

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
2024 CSR achievements

In the energy production sector, BNP Paribas has set the objective
that low‑carbon energy (1), mainly renewable (2), shall represent 90%
of the Group’s financing to energy production by 2030, to reach at
least EUR 40 billion of credit exposure. At the end of September

3

2024, low‑carbon energy represented 76% of energy production
credit portfolio, for a total of EUR 36.8 billion (+30% compared to
2022), of which EUR 34.2 billion for renewable energy.

➤ WEIGHT OF FOSSIL FUELS AND LOW‑CARBON ENERGY IN BNP PARIBAS CREDIT EXPOSURE FOR ENERGY
PRODUCTION

76%

90%
54%

46%
10%

65%

35%
24%

2012

2022*

2023*

2024*

90%

3

10%

2030

Low-carbon energies
Fossil fuels

*As of September 30th of each year

Source: Internal management data – loans outstanding in EUR billion as of 30 September.

Illustrating this strong commitment, the Energy Supply Banking
Ratio published by Bloomberg (3) ranks BNP Paribas at the top of the
ten major international banks in the ranking for 2023, with a ratio of
EUR 3.18 in low‑carbon energy financing for each euro in fossil fuel
financing, above the bank sector average at 0.89.
The asset manager BNP Paribas Asset Management and the insurer
BNP Paribas Cardif have also set decarbonisation targets for their
investment portfolios and are engaging with the companies in which
they invest through the exercise of their voting rights and
shareholder dialogue.

3.

Strengthening the expertise and the systems
supporting the transition, thanks to
monitoring tools and dedicated training

To implement its CSR strategy and support its clients’ transition,
BNP Paribas is adapting its internal organisation. This translates into
the roll‑out of dedicated processes and monitoring tools, as well as
the strengthening of its employees’ training offer.
Since 2021, the Group has relied on the ESG Assessment, an ESG
evaluation tool developed for companies and financial institutions.
This tool provides a more systematic and comprehensive review of
ESG topics throughout the credit chain: from the onboarding to the
grant of a credit, the monitoring and the reporting. By covering five
dimensions of the environment (climate and biodiversity), social
(right of workers and human rights of local communities and
consumers) and governance (business ethics) areas, it provides an
overview of the client’s ESG profile and thus helps BNP Paribas
directing its financing towards clients and projects that align with its
decarbonisation trajectory.

In addition, with nearly 133,000 employees trained since its launch
at the end of 2022, and more than 77,000 in 2024 alone, the
Sustainability Academy platform embodies the Group’s ambition to
equip all its employees with the knowledge and skills necessary to
achieve its objectives in terms of sustainable development and
finance.

1.

SERVING INDIVIDUAL CUSTOMERS

To help its individual clients adapting their lifestyles and
consumption habits to the changes of the transition, BNP Paribas
supports them in matters of their everyday lives, both in terms of
housing and mobility.
The European housing stock is responsible for 40% of the EU’s total
energy consumption and 36% of its GHG emissions in Europe.
According to the European Commission, more than 220 million
buildings built before 2001 would need to be renovated, which
represents 85% of the housing stock of the EU Member States (4). For
its part, transport accounts for nearly 15% of total GHG emissions
worldwide (5): decarbonising mobility is therefore also one of the
essential levers of the ecological transition.
The Group’s actions are more particularly carried out by its entities
Arval, BNP Paribas Personal Finance, BNP Paribas Cardif and its
commercial banks. They aim to provide individuals with access to
solutions that, first, enable them to improve the energy efficiency of
their homes or to acquire homes with better environmental
performance and, second, to travel in a more environmentally
friendly way, by giving them access to less polluting vehicles or
alternative mobility solutions.

(1) Low‑carbon energy: including electricity from renewable sources and from nuclear sources. The scope of low‑carbon energy could evolve according to the progress of
technologies to gradually go beyond energy production and include other links in the value chain such as transportation, storage or distribution of low‑carbon energy.
(2) Renewable energy: including wind and marine energy, photovoltaic solar, concentrated solar, hydro, geothermal energy, bioenergy (including biofuels except first generation).
(3) Bloomberg NEF, Energy Supply Banking Ratio, January 2025.
(4) https://observatoirecetelem.com/en/observatoire‑cetelem‑de‑lhabitat‑2024.
(5) The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) https://www.ipcc.ch/report/ar6/wg3/downloads/report/IPCC_AR6_WGIII_Chapter10.pdf.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

163

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
2024 CSR achievements

A significant acceleration in the financing of the transition in
favour of individual customers can be noted. For instance,
BNP Paribas Personal Finance’s total outstanding amount in
sustainable finance dedicated to energy renovation of housing
and sustainable mobility amounted to EUR 10 billion at the
end of 2024, up by 12% year‑on‑year.

A.

Supporting the energy renovation of housing

The Group has developed financial services and solutions to support
its individual clients in their real estate acquisition and energy
renovation projects. Within the Commercial, Personal & Banking
Services (CPBS) division, the initiative My Sustainable Home
structures the approach of commercial banks in Europe around four
main levers:
■ raise awareness and advise customers on the production and

collection of energy performance certificates (EPC), in particular
through a mandatory collection when granting new mortgages;
■ promote the purchase of energy‑efficient housing, thanks to

attractive financing conditions;

B.

The electrification of individual vehicles and corporate fleets, the
development of soft mobility and vehicle‑sharing solutions are
prompt and effective solutions to reduce GHG emissions, while
maintaining a robust industry and significant travel capacities.
Created at the end of 2022, the initiative and associated‑brand
BNP Paribas Mobility bring together all the Group’s business lines
involved in the mobility ecosystem to support individual customers
in their mobility needs with a wide range of offers:
■ adapted financing, through commercial banks, Arval and

BNP Paribas Personal Finance;
■ vehicles,

with Arval and BNP Paribas Personal Finance
providing a large catalogue with new, recent, or second‑hand
references;

■ personalised insurance, with BNP Paribas Cardif.

In France, the platform Mobility4you is tailored to each mobility
project, based on the customer’s travel needs, budget and
environmental impact. It suggests a selection of turnkey offers,
including:
■ mobility solutions with new, recent, or second‑hand vehicles,

thermal, electric or hybrid, as well as soft mobility options,
such as bicycles or electric scooters;

■ meet the energy renovation needs of existing buildings, via

loans at subsidised rates or backed by public aid programmes;
■ develop extra‑financial services through partnerships to support

customers’ home energy renovation projects from start to
finish, from the scoping of the renovation to the EPC produced
after completion to assess its impact (energy diagnosis, budget
simulator, network of professionals, etc.).
To support the clients of the Commercial & Personal Banking
in France in their home energy renovation, BNP Paribas signed
a partnership with EDF Group in February 2024. With IZI by
EDF, financial advisors help customers identifying the
renovations to be conducted in their home through a
dedicated simulator. It then directs them to the most suitable
renovation solution according to their situation and mandates
local and certified professionals to carry out their work.

164

Promoting a more sustainable mobility

■ adapted

financing solutions (personal loan, leasing with
purchase option or long‑term leasing) and insurance, that can
be subscribed on the platform.

Launched in 2024, the combined offer Arval Charging Services and
Leasing Solutions Charge & Lease aims to facilitate access to vehicle
charging at home and at the workplace. This all‑in‑one package
includes the charging station installation, maintenance, removal,
and recycling.
At the end of 2024, BNP Paribas signed a partnership with French
bank La Banque Postale to distribute a mobility offer to its
customers. This project includes the creation, by early 2026, of a
digital platform offering new and low‑emission recent second‑hand
vehicles, with the associated financing solutions (leasing with
purchase option, long‑term leasing) and insurance.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
2024 CSR achievements

Created in 2022, the Low‑Carbon Transition for SMEs & MidCaps
initiative brings together around 100 experts and supports the
low‑carbon transition of small and medium‑sized enterprises (SMEs)
and mid‑caps in France, Belgium, Italy, Luxembourg, and Poland. This
platform offers specific support for the transition of the agricultural
and agri‑food sectors by relying on a pan‑European community of
experts.

The need to support a just transition (1)
72% of Europeans surveyed believe that efforts to fight global
warming are likely to create inequalities. With its second Just
Transition Observatory (2), published in May 2024, the Group
focused on a central question: how can we contribute to
making the transition accessible to all?

Since May 2024, Commercial & Personal Banking in France has
offered a sustainable loan (called “decarbonisation financing”) for
SMEs, mid‑caps and non‑profits committed to a GHG reduction
trajectory. The credit rate is adjusted based on the clients’ GHG
emissions’ reduction.

Convinced that the energy and ecological transition will only
happen if it involves society as a whole, BNP Paribas offers
products and services designed to make the transition more
accessible and affordable.
For example, in Poland, in 2024 the Group supported McCain
Foods’ regenerative agriculture programme, which aims to
support potato producers in their transition to a regenerative
agriculture. BNP Paribas offers, among other, loans at reduced
rates to producers that are members of the programme.

Serving sovereign, supranational and agency issuers

3

In 2024, BNP Paribas participated in the record
EUR 750 million inaugural green bond of the Republic of
Iceland to finance the country’s carbon neutrality initiatives:
investments in infrastructure for electric bikes, the energy
transition of vehicles and infrastructure, green buildings, and
adaptation to the circular economy. This first green bond
attracted over EUR seven billion in orders from more than 270
investors.

In the housing sector, BNP Paribas Fortis’ HappyNest
programme allows very high environmental performance
apartments to be more accessible to first‑time buyers: they
can rent a new and energy‑efficient home and buy it after a
few years, if they wish to, with the rents already paid being
taken into account in the final purchase price.

BNP Paribas was also involved in the issuance of the first
sustainable hybrid bond for the African Development Bank, a
multilateral development bank. This USD 750 million bond
aims to finance environmental and social projects across
Africa, including renewable energy generation, sustainable
management of natural resources, access to basic
infrastructure and food security.

Finally, BNP Paribas Asset Management has launched the
BNP Paribas Global Equity Net Zero Transition fund, article 8
according to SFDR, which is one of the few equity funds active
on the market with the net zero emissions alignment as main
its objective and also including a just transition dimension.

2.

3

SERVING CORPORATES AND
INSTITUTIONAL CLIENTS

A.

BNP Paribas aims to bring tailor‑made support to all its clients by
providing them with its sector expertise and an organisation
dedicated to their issues. Since 2021, with the creation of the
Low‑Carbon Transition Group (LCTG), the Group has developed a
global platform bringing together a network of around 250
specialised bankers who support international corporates and
institutional clients in accelerating their transition to a sustainable
and low‑carbon economy. A continuum of banking and non‑banking
solutions is provided for the decarbonisation of the economy, in
particular the energy, mobility and industry sectors. In addition to
renewable energies and nuclear power, BNP Paribas is developing
specific expertise to support the development of new value chains
such as batteries, green hydrogen and low‑carbon fuels, as well as
CO2 capture.

Supporting low‑carbon energies

To help financing the massive investments needed for the
development of low‑carbon energies, BNP Paribas supports
companies working to build new capacities and participates in the
financing of future technologies.
In 2024, relying in particular on the Low‑Carbon Transition Group, it
played a significant role in many notable renewable energy
transactions around the world, including:
■ the USD 1.7 billion financing for the Bellefield project in

California, developed by AES Clean Energy which combines a
500 MW photovoltaic plant and a 500 MW battery energy
storage system. This combination of photovoltaic and battery
storage technologies allows the integration of a larger volume
of green electricity into power grids;

(1) BNP Paribas is aligned with the definition produced by the International Labour Organization (ILO) that “a just transition promotes sustainable and inclusive economies by
creating decent work opportunities, reducing inequalities and leaving no one behind”, and that of the Business for Inclusive Growth (B4IG) coalition “Climate change, and
therefore climate change strategies and policies, can have major social impacts. We can address it if we collectively take the necessary steps to support the just transition by
putting people at the heart of climate action [...]. Governments, businesses and other stakeholders must collectively ensure that no one is left behind”.
(2) 2024 edition: https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/bnp_paribas_just_transition_observatory_2024.pdf.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

165

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
2024 CSR achievements

■ the financing of nearly EUR 177 million for Solarpack, which

■ the EUR 1.75 billion sustainability‑linked bond for Enel, a

aims to build the largest photovoltaic solar park in Peru,
providing renewable energy to nearly 444,000 households by
2025;

leading integrated player in the global electricity and
renewable energy markets. The interest rate will depend on the
achievement of defined targets, including the Scope 1 emissions
intensity related to power generation and the proportion of
Capex aligned with the European taxonomy;

■ the financing of close to EUR 600 million for the deployment of

16 solar photovoltaic projects in Spain with a combined
capacity of 842 MW by the operator Bruc Energy. The electricity
will decarbonise large industrial customers active in various
sectors such as pharmaceuticals, logistics and ceramics;

■ the EUR 4.2 billion financing of Stegra (previously called H2

Green Steel) for the construction of the world’s first large‑scale
green steel production plant in Sweden, incorporating the
largest electrolyser in Europe. Due to the utilisation of green
hydrogen, the plant aims to produce steel with CO2 emissions
up to 95% lower than steel made with coke‑fired blast furnaces;

■ the structuring of the AUD 650 million financing in favour of

Akaysha Energy to build a 1,660 MWh battery storage system,
making it one of the largest in the world. BNP Paribas is the
main source of funding for storage systems in Australia, a
technology that is essential to enable a greater deployment of
renewable energy in electricity grids.
In addition, in February 2025, BNP Paribas signed an agreement with
the European Investment Bank (EIB) to generate up to EUR eight
billion in wind energy investments. By boosting funding for the wind
sector in the European Union (EU), this initiative aims to increase
wind generation capacity by 32 GW out of the total capacity of
117 GW estimated to be needed to meet the EU’s target of producing
at least 45% of its energy from renewable sources by 2030 (1).
Finally, BNP Paribas Asset Management’s Climate Impact
Infrastructure Debt fund, classified article 9 according to SFDR, offers
a financing solution to projects and players involved in the energy
transition in continental Europe, focusing on renewable energy,
green mobility, circular economy, and energy efficiency. Its ambition
is to raise between EUR 500 and 750 million from institutional
investors.

B.

Accelerating the decarbonisation of the
economy and promoting the responsible use
of resources

BNP Paribas is committed to aligning its activities with trajectories
compatible with carbon neutrality by 2050. On their investments’
portfolios, BNP Paribas Asset Management and BNP Paribas Cardif
engage with the companies in which they invest through the exercise
of voting rights and shareholder dialogue.
On its credit portfolio, the Group has set alignment objectives in nine
of the most carbon‑intensive sectors of the economy, in terms of
emissions intensity for eight sectors and in absolute emissions for
the oil and gas sector. These trajectories for 2025 and 2030 as well
as their calculation and monitoring methodologies are described in
section 7.1.2 Climate change of the Sustainability statements.
To achieve these objectives, BNP Paribas supports its clients by
offering them financial products and services adapted to their issues.
Landmark 2024 transactions include:

■ the financing of two new Airbus A220‑300 aircrafts operated by

Air France under a sustainability‑linked loan. The energy
efficiency of the new aircrafts will contribute to the airline’s
emissions’ reduction targets;
■ the USD 1.1 billion green loan to Hapag‑Lloyd, one of the

world’s leading container shipping companies, to finance six
new container ships equipped with low‑emission and
fuel‑efficient dual‑fuel LNG (liquefied natural gas) engines that
can use biogas.
BNP Paribas also contributes to the resilience of companies by giving
them the means to foster the responsible use of resources. It
supports initiatives that reduce natural resources consumption and
waste production, and participated in several important transactions
in 2024:
■ the USD 2.75 billion green bond for Smurfit Kappa, one of the

world’s largest packaging manufacturers, to finance the
production of paper‑based packaging with recycled fibers and
the manufacture of paper from certified raw materials;
■ the EUR 550 million blue bond for Saur to support initiatives

related to sustainable water management such as water
production and distribution, wastewater collection and
treatment, or water desalination using technologies aimed at
minimising the environmental impact.
Eventually, in 2024, BNP Paribas Asset Management launched
several new funds in line with this strategy, including the Future
Forest Fund in partnership with International Woodland Company
(IWC). This first forest‑dedicated fund will invest in sustainably
managed forests. Classified article 9 according to SFDR, it targets an
outstanding amount between USD 500 and 750 million.

C.

Financing sustainable mobility infrastructure
and players

BNP Paribas is supporting the transition of mobility across its entire
value chain: the transition of traditional infrastructure, the
deployment of new infrastructure such as electric charging stations,
the transition of manufacturers and suppliers in the automotive
sector and the electrification of public transport.

(1) Press release of 13 February 2025,
https://group.bnpparibas/en/press‑release/bnp‑paribas‑signs‑an‑agreement‑with‑the‑eib‑that‑will‑generate‑up‑to‑eur8‑billion‑in‑wind‑energy‑investments.

166

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
2024 CSR achievements

3

Among the landmark transactions involving BNP Paribas are:
■ the support of Île‑de‑France Mobilités, the world’s first public

sector company to issue a 20‑year European Green Bond
(“EuGB (1)”). This EUR 1 billion green bond will fund projects to
develop low‑carbon public transport in the Île‑de‑France region
(France), such as the renewal of electric rolling stock (trains,
metros, trams) and the deployment of low‑emission buses and
electric bicycles’ fleets;
■ the EUR 304 million fundraising of Electra, a company that rolls

out ultra‑fast charging stations across Europe;
■ the EUR 850 million green bond issue for Valeo, a world leader

in automotive technologies and car electrification, whose
proceeds will be used for financing projects and investments
related to low‑carbon mobility and in particular vehicle
electrification.

3.

BNP Paribas Asset Management, in partnership with the Solar
Impulse Foundation, has launched the BNP Paribas Solar
Impulse Venture Fund. This fund, which is funded at 50% by
BNP Paribas, has announced its final closing at the beginning
of 2025 for a total amount of EUR 172 million.
This fundraising will enable around fifteen investments in high
growth potential European and North American startups that
accelerate the ecological transition and strive for biodiversity
and the circular economy.
Since its launch in 2022, the fund has already invested in five
companies that are driving sustainable innovations:
■ Nature Metrics (England), a solution for measuring

biodiversity;

3

■ Phenix (France), which fights against waste by recovering

unsold food and non‑food items;

SUPPORTING STARTUPS AND
ENTREPRENEURS

■ Axioma (France), a bio‑solutions start‑up which targets to

For many years, BNP Paribas has provided equity support to startups
and entrepreneurs that contribute to the acceleration of the energy
and ecological transition, particularly through dedicated envelopes.
Some of the Group’s latest notable investments in European startups
include:

accelerate the ecological transition
mitigating hydric stress for plants;

of

agriculture

■ Hello Watt (France), an energy renovation one‑stop shop

for homeowners;
■ Chemix (United States), which develops next‑generation

batteries for electric vehicles.

■ Klim (Germany), a platform of solutions and support for farmers

willing to adopt regenerative practices. BNP Paribas led their
USD 22 million fundraising in 2024;
■ CarbonWorks (France), which aims to capture CO2 from

industrial sites using photosynthetic microalgae;

■ Ecodair (France), an IT refurbishment specialist, in which 70% of

its workforce benefits from a personalised support programme
in connection with a situation of disability, fragility or
precariousness;
■ Ecov (France), a designer and operator of shared mobility,

which offers carpooling lines with predefined stops in suburban
and low‑density areas to complement the public transport offer;
■ Plan A (Germany), which provides companies with a software

that automates the calculation of carbon emissions and enables
decarbonisation planning and ESG reporting;

In conclusion, BNP Paribas has demonstrated its commitment to a
sustainable and low‑carbon economy over time by integrating
sustainable development at the heart of its strategy. The
achievements of the year 2024 illustrate the Group’s ability to
support its customers in their transition by offering them innovative
and adapted financial and extra‑financial solutions. Through the
financing of renewable energy projects, the promotion of sustainable
mobility and the support of individuals and companies in their
decarbonisation efforts, BNP Paribas is positioning itself as a key
player in the energy and ecological transition. The Group is
determined to pursue its actions in favour of the transition, while
ensuring that this transition is just and inclusive for all its customers
and involving society as a whole.

■ Kayrros (France), which has developed a technology to identify

methane emissions on a global scale.

(1) Since 21 December 2024, the EuGB standard is a voluntary regulatory standard, designed to ensure increased transparency for investors, in particular through the obligation
to finance projects aligned with the European Union’s taxonomy.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

167

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Recent events

3.6 Recent events
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
BNP Paribas regularly introduces new products and services for its customers. More information is available on the Group’s websites, including
in the press releases at group.bnpparibas and invest.bnpparibas.

ACQUISITIONS AND PARTNERSHIPS
Since 4 February 2025, date of publication of the 2024 annual results, no significant events have occured that should be mentioned in this
section.

3.7 Outlook
2025 - 2026 TRAJECTORY
BNP Paribas confirms its ROTE trajectory out to 2026 while
specifying the following objectives:
■ Revenues: average growth rate above 5% (including the AXA IM

project (1)) and ~+4% (excluding the AXA IM project (2)) for
2024‑2026;
■ Jaws effect: ~+1.5 point/year on average for 2024‑2026;
■ Cost of risk: below 40 bps in 2025 and 2026;
■ Net income: average growth rate greater than 7% for 2024‑2026;
■ Earnings Per Share: average growth rate greater than 8% in

2024‑2026;
■ Pre‑FRTB CET1 ratio: ~12.3% as of 31/12/2025 and 31/12/2026

after the ongoing acquisitions;
■ 2025 ROTE: 11.5%; 2026 ROTE: 12%.

The 2026 trajectory is based on the strengths of the diversified and
integrated model, as well as the strategic priorities of each division:

CIB, a cutting‑edge platform and powerful growth engine, continues
to make market share gains on the strength of a diversified client
franchise, a low risk profile and optimised capital.
CPBS in 2025 will be energised by a new strategic (3) plan for CPBF
and an extension of Personal Finance’s strategic plan out to 2028,
with the goal of raising the profitability of these activities to Group
level, i.e. an expected +1% impact on Group ROTE, including +0.5% by
2026. Revenues at Commercial & Personal Banking will be driven by
the new interest‑rate environment. In the Eurozone, they are
expected to increase by more than +3% in 2025 compared to 2024.
IPS will maintain its strong organic growth momentum in Insurance,
Asset Management and Wealth Management. Beyond that, its strong
acceleration will be driven by the integration of external growth
developments: AXA IM project (4), Wealth Management and Life
Insurance. On this basis, the pre‑tax net income of IPS is expected to
increase by more than one third in two years, by 2026.
And, lastly, the entire Group will continue its operational efficiency
measures in 2025 and 2026, at the pace of €600m in savings per
year.

(1) Subject to agreements with the relevant authorities.
(2) Subject to agreements with the relevant authorities.
(3) The project will be subjected to information and consultation with the works councils.
(4) Subject to agreements with the relevant authorities.

168

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Outlook

3

➤ THE LAST PHASE OF THE PLAN IS UNDER WAY AT FULL CAPACITY

1

Revenues

> +5%
24-26 CAGR4

2

Jaws effect

1

~+1.5 pts
on average per year

3

Cost of risk

4

Net income

2

> +7%
24-26 CAGR4

< 40 bps

5

EPS3

CET1 ratio
pre-FRTB

> +8%
24-26 CAGR4

~12.3%

The RoTE5 trajectory out to 2026 is confirmed, and post-2026 growth drivers are already in place

CIB

Cutting-edge platform and powerful growth engine
Continued market share gains on the strength of a diversified client
franchise, a low risk profile and optimised capital

CPBS

New strategic plan for CPBF* and extension of the Personal Finance plan to
2028. The ambition is to bring the profitability of these activities to the
Group's level, resulting in an anticipated impact on Group ROTE of +1%,
including +0.5% by 2026
Commercial & Personal Banking revenues driven by the new interest-rate
environment

IPS

Efficiency

Continued strong organic growth dynamics in Insurance, Asset
Management, and Wealth Management
Beyond that, strong acceleration, driven by the implementation
of external growth: AXA IM6 Project, Wealth Management, Life Insurance
Ongoing operating efficiency measures in 2026 (€600m) on top
of the 2025 savings (€600m)

RoTE
2024
10.9%
11,232

RoTE
2025
11.5%

RoTE
2026
12%

3

2028

AXA IM6 project
Wealth Management
CPBF* and PF strategic
plans

11,688

9,488
Net
income
group
share €m

10%
2021

2023

2024

2025e

2026e

* The project will be subjected to information and consultation with the works councils

(1) Increase in Group revenues between 2024 and 2026 minus the increase in Group operating expenses between 2024 and 2026
(2) Net income, Group share
(3) Earnings per share calculated on the basis of net income, Group share of 2024 adjusted for the remuneration of undated super‑subordinated notes and the
average end‑of‑period number of shares.
(4) Compound annual growth rate (CAGR)
(5) RoTE: return on tangible equity
(6) Subject to agreements with the relevant authorities

INFORMATION ON TRENDS
Information on trends (Macroeconomic conditions and Legislation and regulations applicable to financial institutions) are described in the
section on Principal and Emerging Risks for the year in the Risks and Capital Adequacy chapter.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

169

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Financial structure

3.8 Financial structure
The common equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 12.9% as of 31 December
2024, up by 20 basis points compared to 30 September 2024 and
still far above SREP requirements (10.33%). This increase results
from the combined effects of: (i) organic capital generation net of
changes in risk‑weighted assets in 4Q24 (+30 basis points); (ii)
distribution of the 4Q24 result (-20 basis points); and (iii) the
securitisation / credit insurance programme (+10 basis points). As of
1 January 2025, the CET1 ratio should stand at 12.4% after factoring
in the full impact of Basel 4 (excluding FRTB) of -50 basis points.

■ The 2024 result after accounting for a 60% distribution rate net

The common equity tier 1 ratio has decreased by 30 basis points
compared to December 31, 2023, due to several factors:

The leverage ratio (1) stood at 4.6% as of 31 December 2024.

■ The impact of the prudential reconsolidation of Arval since July

1, 2024 (-30 bps);

of the organic growth of risk‑weighted assets (+30 bps);
■ The

optimization of risk‑weighted assets linked to the
implementation of securitization and credit insurance programs
(+10 bps);

■ The impact of model updates (-25 bps);
■ The redeployment of capital related to the sale of Bank of the

West (-15 bps).
The liquidity coverage ratio (2) (end‑of‑period) stood at a solid level
of 137% as of 31 December 2024 (124% as of 30 September 2024)
and the immediately available liquidity reserve (3) came to €480bn
as of 31 December 2024, equivalent to more than one year to
manoeuvre in terms of wholesale funding.

(1) Calculated in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2019/876
(2) Calculated in accordance with Regulation (CRR) 575/2013 art. 451a
(3) Liquid market assets or eligible assets in central banks (counterbalancing capacity), taking into account prudential standards, notably US standards, minus intra‑day payment
system needs

170

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

3

3.9 Alternative Performance Measures (APM) –
Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation
Alternative Performance
Measures

Definition

Reason for use

Insurance P&L
aggregates (Revenues,
Operating expenses,
Gross operating
income, Operating
income,
Pre‑tax income)

Insurance P&L aggregates (Revenues, Gross operating income, Operating Presentation of the Insurance result
income, Pre‑tax income) excluding the volatility generated by the fair value reflecting operational and intrinsic
accounting of certain assets through profit and loss (IFRS 9) transferred to performance (technical and financial)
Corporate Centre; Gains or losses realised in the event of divestments, as well
as potential long‑term depreciations are included in the Insurance income
profit and loss account.

Corporate Centre P&L
aggregates

P&L aggregates of “Corporate Centre, including restatement of the volatility Transfer to Corporate Centre of the
of
operating
expenses
(IFRS 9) and attributable costs (internal distributors) related to Insurance impact
activities”, following the application from 1 January 2023 of IFRS 17 “insurance “attributable to insurance activities”
contracts” in conjunction with the application of IFRS 9 for insurance activities, on internal distribution contracts in
including:
order not to impede the readability of
■ Restatement in Corporate Centre revenues of the volatility to the financial the financial performance of the
result generated by the IFRS 9 fair value recognition of certain Insurance various business lines.
assets;

3

A reconciliation with Group P&L aggregates is provided in the tables “Quarterly
Series”.

■ Operating expenses deemed “attributable to insurance activities”, net of internal

margin, are recognised in deduction from revenues and no longer booked as
operating expenses. These accounting entries relate exclusively to the Insurance
business and Group entities (excluding the Insurance business) that distribute
insurance contracts (known as internal distributors) and have no effect on gross
operating income. The impact of entries related to internal distribution contracts
is borne by the “Corporate Centre”.

A reconciliation with Group P&L aggregates is provided in the tables “Quarterly
Series”
Operating division
Sum of CPBS’ profit and loss account aggregates (with Commercial & Personal Representative
profit and loss account Banking’ profit and loss account aggregates, including 2/3 of Private Banking in BNP Paribas
aggregates (revenues, France, Italy, Belgium, Luxembourg, Germany, Poland and in Türkiye), IPS and performance
net interest revenue,
CIB.
operating expenses,
BNP Paribas Group profit and loss account aggregates = operating division
gross operating income, profit and loss account aggregates + Corporate Centre profit and loss account
operating income,
aggregates.
pre‑tax income)
Reconciliation with Group profit and loss account aggregates is provided in the
tables “Results by Core Business”.

measure
Group’s

of
the
operating

Net interest revenue mentioned in Commercial & Personal Banking includes
the net interest margin (as defined in note 2.a of the financial statements), as
well as, to a lesser extent, other revenues (as defined in notes 2.c, 2.d and 2.e
of the financial statements), excluding fees (note 2.b of the financial
statements). P&L aggregates of Commercial & Personal Banking or Specialised
Businesses distributing insurance contracts exclude the impact of the
application of IFRS 17 on the accounting presentation of operating expenses
deemed “attributable to insurance activities” in deduction of revenues and no
longer operating expenses, with the impact carried by Corporate Centre.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

171

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

Alternative Performance
Measures

Definition

Reason for use

Profit and loss account Profit and loss account aggregate of a Commercial & Personal Banking activity Representative
measure
of
the
aggregates of
including the whole profit and loss account of Private Banking
performance of Commercial & Personal
Commercial & Personal Reconciliation with Group profit and loss account aggregates is provided in the Banking activity including the total
Banking activity with tables “Quarterly series”.
performance of Private Banking (before
100% of Private
sharing the profit & loss account with
Banking
the Wealth Management business,
Private Banking being under a joint
responsibility of Commercial & Personal
Banking (2/3) and Wealth Management
business (1/3))
Profit and loss account Profit and loss account aggregates, excluding PEL/CEL effects.
Representative
measure
of
the
aggregates, excluding Reconciliation with Group profit and loss account aggregates is provided in the aggregates of the period excluding
PEL/CEL effects
changes in the provision that accounts
“Quarterly series” tables.
(revenues, gross
for the risk generated by PEL and CEL
operating income,
accounts during their lifetime
operating income,
pre‑tax income)
Cost/income ratio

Cost to income ratio

Measure of operational efficiency in
the banking sector

Cost of risk/Customer Cost of risk (in €m) divided by customer loans at the beginning of the period
Measure of the risk level by business
loans at the beginning Cost of risk does not include “Other net losses for risk on financial in percentage of the volume of
of the period (in basis instruments”
outstanding loans
points)
Evolution of operating
expenses excluding
IFRIC 21

Change in operating expenses excluding taxes and contributions subject to Representative measure of the change
IFRIC 21.
in operating expenses’ excluding the
taxes and contributions subject to
IFRIC 21 booked almost entirely in the
1st half of the year, given in order to
avoid any confusion compared to other
quarters

Return on Equity (ROE) Details of the ROE calculation are disclosed in the Appendix “Return on Equity Measure of the BNP Paribas Group’s
and Permanent Shareholders’ Equity” of the results’ presentation
return on equity

172

Return on normalized
equity (RONE)

Ratio of annualised net income before tax over average allocated notional Measure of operational performance
equity over the period.
representative of the return on
notional
■ For non‑insurance businesses, notional equity is allocated on the basis of a
equity allocated to the business lines
multiple of 11% of risk weighted assets.
or
■ For the Group’s consolidated insurance companies, notional equity is
operating divisions, taking into account
allocated based on a multiple of 145% of the SCR (Solvency Capital
their risk exposure.
Requirement).

Return on Tangible
Equity (ROTE)

Details of the ROTE calculation are disclosed in the Appendix “Return on Equity Measure of the BNP Paribas Group’s
and Permanent Shareholders’ Equity” of the results’ presentation
return on tangible equity

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

Alternative Performance
Measures
Distributable Net
Income

Definition

3

Reason for use

P&L aggregates up to the net income adjusted in accordance with the Measure of BNP Paribas Group’s net
announcements made in February 2023 to reflect the Group’s intrinsic income reflecting the Group’s intrinsic
performance in 2023, pivotal year, after the sale of Bank of the West on performance in 2023, pivotal year,
1 February 2023 but also as the last expected year of the ramp‑up of the post‑impact of the sale of Bank of the
West and the last expected year of the
Single Resolution Fund, marked by extraordinary items.
contribution to the ramp‑up of the
Adjustments are detailed in the 2023 results’ presentation:
Single Resolution Fund, marked by
■ include the effect of the anticipation of the end of the ramp‑up of the Single
extraordinary items
Resolution Fund in 2023;
■ exclude the net income of entities intended to be sold (application of IFRS 5)

(notably the capital gain on the sale of Bank of the West) and additional
items related to the sale of Bank of the West;

■ exclude extraordinary items such as the extraordinary negative impact of

3

the hedging adjustment related to changes in the TLTRO terms decided by
the ECB in the fourth quarter 2022 and extraordinary provisions for
litigation.

The distributable net income is used to calculate the ordinary distribution in
2023 as well as to monitor the Group’s performance in 2023
Net income Group
share excluding
exceptional items

Net income attributable to equity holders excluding exceptional items

Measure of BNP Paribas Group’s net

Doubtful loans’
coverage ratio

Relationship between stage 3 provisions and impaired outstandings (stage 3), Measure of provisioning for doubtful
balance sheet and off‑balance sheet, netted for collateral received, for loans
customers and credit institutions, including liabilities at amortised cost and
debt securities at fair value through equity (excluding insurance business)

Details of exceptional items are disclosed in the slide “Main Exceptional Items” income excluding non‑recurring items
of a significant amount or items that
of the results’ presentation
do not reflect the underlying operating
performance, notably restructuring,
adaptation, IT reinforcement and
transformation costs.

METHODOLOGY – COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS AT CONSTANT SCOPE
AND EXCHANGE RATES
The method used to determine the effect of changes in scope of
consolidation depends on the type of transaction (acquisition, sale,
etc.). The underlying purpose of the calculation is to facilitate
period‑on‑period comparisons.
In case of acquired or created entity, the results of the new entity are
eliminated from the constant scope results of current‑year periods
corresponding to the periods when the entity was not owned in the
prior‑year.

In case of change of consolidation method, the policy is to use the
lowest consolidation percentage over the two years (current and
prior) for results of quarters adjusted on a like‑for‑like basis.
Comparative analysis at constant exchange rates are prepared by
restating results for the prior‑year quarter (reference quarter) at the
current quarter exchange rate (analysed quarter). All of these
calculations are performed by reference to the entity’s reporting
currency.

In case of divested entities, the entity’s results are excluded
symmetrically for the prior year for quarters when the entity was not
owned.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

173

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

REMINDER
Net banking income (NBI): throughout the document, the terms “Net
Banking Income” and “Revenues” are used interchangeably.

■ Commercial, Personal Banking & Services division, covers:
■

Operating expenses: sum of salary and employee benefit expenses,
other operating expenses and depreciation, amortisation and
impairment of property, plant and equipment. Throughout the whole
document, the terms operating expenses or costs can be used
indifferently.

■
■

Jaws effect: Revenues evolution between two periods minus
operating expenses evolution between two periods.

■

The sum of the values indicated in the tables and analyses may
differ slightly from the reported total due to rounding.
BNP Paribas’ organisation is based on three operating divisions:
Corporate & Institutional Banking
(CIB),
Commercial,
Personal Banking & Services (CPBS) and Investment & Protection
Services (IPS). These divisions include the following businesses:

■

■ Corporate and Institutional Banking (CIB) division, combines:
■

Global Banking;

■

Global Markets;

■

and Securities Services.

Commercial & Personal Banking in the Eurozone:
Commercial & Personal Banking in France (CPBF),
BNL banca commerciale (BNL bc), Commercial & Personal
Banking in Italy,

■

Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium (CPBB),

■

Commercial & Personal Banking in Luxembourg (CPBL);

Commercial & Personal Banking outside the Eurozone,
organised
around
Europe‑Mediterranean,
covering
Commercial & Personal Banking outside the Eurozone in
particular in Central and Eastern Europe, Türkiye and Africa;
Specialised Businesses:
■

BNP Paribas Personal Finance,

■

Arval and BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions,

■

New Digital Businesses (in particular Nickel, Floa, Lyf) and
BNP Paribas Personal Investors.

■ Investment & Protection Services division, combines:
■
■

Insurance (BNP Paribas Cardif);
Wealth and Asset Management: BNP Paribas Asset Management,
BNP Paribas Real Estate, the management of the BNP Paribas
Group’s portfolio of unlisted and listed industrial and commercial
investments (BNP Paribas Principal Investments) and
BNP Paribas Wealth Management.

BNP Paribas SA is the parent company of the BNP Paribas Group.

➤ RECONCILIATION OF PROFIT & LOSS WITH THE ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
➤ 2024 – Results by Core Business

In millions of euros

Revenues

Commercial, Personal
Banking & Services (2/3 of
Private Banking)

Investment &
Protection
Services

CIB

Operating
divisions

Corporate
Centre

Group

26,027

5,824

17,897

49,748

(917)

48,831

%Change 2023 distributable

+0.4%

+4.2%

+8.4%

+3.6%

-15.7%

+4.1%

(16,119)

(3,570)

(10,731)

(30,420)

227

(30,193)

%Change 2023 distributable

+1.9%

+0.5%

+4.5%

+2.6%

n.s.

+2.1%

9,908

2,254

7,166

19,328

(690)

18,638

%Change 2023 distributable

-1.8%

+10.6%

+14.8%

+5.2%

-32.8%

+7.4%

(3,275)

(15)

143

(3,146)

(55)

(3,201)

+12.2%

+15.2%

n.s.

+9.6%

+48.1%

+10.1%

6,633

2,239

7,310

16,182

(745)

15,437

Operating Expenses and Dep.
Gross Operating Income
Cost of Risk & Other
%Change 2023 distributable
Operating Income

-7.5%

+10.6%

+15.9%

+4.4%

-30.0%

+6.9%

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

%Change 2023 distributable

405

120

17

543

158

701

Other Non‑Operating Items

(234)

(4)

(4)

(242)

292

50

Pre‑Tax Income
%Change 2023 distributable
Corporate Income Tax
Net Income Attributable to Minority Interests

174

6,804

2,355

7,323

16,482

(294)

16,188

-7.2%

+8.4%

+16.2%

+4.3%

-66.3%

+8.4%
(4,001)
(499)

Net Income from discontinued activities

0

Net Income Attributable to Equity Holders

11,688

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

3

➤ Reconciliation with profit and loss account aggregates of Commercial & Personal Banking activity, excluding PEL/CEL effect and
with 100% of Private Banking

In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

26,764

26,626

(16,511)

(16,200)

Gross Operating Income

10,253

10,426

Cost of Risk & others

(3,272)

(2,923)

Operating Income

6,981

7,503

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

405

337

Other Non‑Operating Items

(234)

(181)

Pre‑Tax Income

7,152

7,659

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(348)

(330)

Pre‑Tax Income of Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

6,804

7,329

Cost/Income

61.7%

60.8%

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date; including 2/3 of Private Banking)

46.8

43.2

2024

2023 distributable

26,027

25,917

(16,119)

(15,824)

9,908

10,093

(3,275)

(2,920)

Operating Income

6,633

7,173

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

405

337

Other Non‑Operating Items

(234)

(181)

Pre‑Tax Income

6,804

7,329

Cost/Income

61.9%

61.1%

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

46.8

43.2

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services (including 100% of Private Banking)
Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.

3

Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income items
In millions of euros

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services (including 2/3 of Private Banking)
Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.
Gross Operating Income
Cost of Risk Incl. Other net losses for risk on financial instruments

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

175

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

Revenues

6,595

6,591

Incl. net interest revenue

3,343

3,496

Incl. fees

3,252

3,095

Operating Expenses and Dep.

(4,597)

(4,653)

Gross Operating Income

1,998

1,938

Cost of Risk

(668)

(485)

Operating Income

1,330

1,453

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

0

0

Other Non‑Operating Items

(2)

0

Pre‑Tax Income

1,328

1,453

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(179)

(168)

Pre‑Tax Income of CPBF

1,149

1,285

Cost/Income

69.7%

70.6%

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date; including 2/3 of Private Banking)

12.0

11.5

2024

2023 distributable

Revenues

6,582

6,593

Incl. net interest revenue

3,330

3,498

Incl. fees

3,252

3,095

Operating Expenses and Dep.

(4,597)

(4,653)

Gross Operating Income

1,985

1,940

Cost of Risk

(668)

(485)

Operating Income

1,318

1,454

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

0

0

Other Non‑Operating Items

(2)

0

Pre‑Tax Income

1,316

1,454

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(179)

(168)

Pre‑Tax Income of CPBF

1,137

1,287

Cost/Income

69.8%

70.6%

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date; including 2/3 of Private Banking)

12.0

11.5

CPBF (including 100% of Private Banking)

Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income items
In millions of euros

CPBF – excl. PEL/CEL (including 100% of Private Banking)

Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income items

Reminder on PEL/CEL provision: this provision, accounted in the revenues of CPB in France, takes into account the risk generated by Plans
Épargne Logement (PEL) and Comptes Épargne Logement (CEL) during their whole lifetime.

In millions of euros

PEL/CEL effects – 100% of Private Banking in France

176

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024

2023 distributable

12

-1

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

In millions of euros

2023

2023 distributable

6,241

6,251

(4,420)

(4,482)

Gross Operating Income

1,821

1,769

Cost of Risk

(670)

(484)

Operating Income

1,151

1,285

(2)

0

Pre‑Tax Income

1,149

1,285

Cost/Income

70.8%

71.7%

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

12.0

11.5

In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

Revenues

2,857

2,727

Incl. net interest revenue

1,710

1,619

Incl. fees

1,147

1,108

Operating Expenses and Dep.

(1,805)

(1,771)

Gross Operating Income

1,051

956

Cost of Risk

(339)

(410)

Operating Income

713

546

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

(2)

0

Other Non‑Operating Items

(2)

(3)

Pre‑Tax Income

708

542

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(30)

(22)

Pre‑Tax Income of BNL bc

678

520

63.2%

65.0%

5.7

5.7

2024

2023 distributable

3

CPBF (including 2/3 of Private Banking)
Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.

Non‑Operating Items

3

BNL bc (including 100% of Private Banking)

Cost/Income
Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date; including 2/3 of Private Banking)
Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income items
In millions of euros

BNL bc (including 2/3 of Private Banking)
Revenues

2,766

2,646

(1,745)

(1,712)

Gross Operating Income

1,021

934

Cost of Risk

(338)

(410)

Operating Income

682

524

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

(2)

0

Other Non‑Operating Items

(2)

(3)

Pre‑Tax Income

678

520

Cost/Income

63.1%

64.7%

5.7

5.7

Operating Expenses and Dep.

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

177

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

Revenues

3,756

3,990

Incl. net interest revenue

2,609

2,867

Incl. fees

1,148

1,123

Operating Expenses and Dep.

(2,710)

(2,705)

Gross Operating Income

1,046

1,286

Cost of Risk

(19)

(86)

Operating Income

1,028

1,199

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

82

1

Other Non‑Operating Items

5

9

Pre‑Tax Income

1,115

1,210

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(89)

(83)

Pre‑Tax Income of CPBB

1,026

1,126

Cost/Income

72.1%

67.8%

6.5

6.1

2024

2023 distributable

3,545

3,784

(2,585)

(2,583)

Gross Operating Income

960

1,200

Cost of Risk

(21)

(84)

Operating Income

939

1,116

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

82

1

Other Non‑Operating Items

5

9

Pre‑Tax Income

1,026

1,126

Cost/Income

72.9%

68.3%

6.5

6.1

CPBB (including 100% of Private Banking)

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date; including 2/3 of Private Banking)
Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income items
In millions of euros

CPBB (including 2/3 of Private Banking)
Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

178

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

Revenues

627

592

Incl. net interest revenue

529

497

Incl. fees

98

96

(304)

(294)

Gross Operating Income

323

298

Cost of Risk

(4)

(8)

Operating Income

319

290

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

0

0

Other Non‑Operating Items

0

5

Pre‑Tax Income

319

296

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(9)

(7)

Pre‑Tax Income of CPBL

310

289

48.5%

49.7%

0.9

0.8

2024

2023 distributable

610

577

(296)

(286)

Gross Operating Income

314

291

Cost of Risk

(4)

(8)

Operating Income

310

283

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

0

0

Other Non‑Operating Items

0

5

Pre‑Tax Income

310

289

Cost/Income

48.5%

49.6%

0.9

0.8

3

CPBL (including 100% of Private Banking)

Operating Expenses and Dep.

Cost/Income
Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date; including 2/3 of Private Banking)

3

Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income items
In millions of euros

CPBL (including 2/3 of Private Banking)
Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

179

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

Revenues

3,155

2,687

Incl. net interest revenue

2,542

2,241

613

446

(2,028)

(1,662)

Gross Operating Income

1,128

1,025

Cost of Risk & others

(366)

(44)

Cost of Risk

(165)

(44)

Other net losses for risk on financial instruments

(201)

0

Operating Income

761

981

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

299

283

Other Non‑Operating Items

(249)

(183)

Pre‑Tax Income

811

1,081

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(38)

(47)

Pre‑Tax Income of Europe‑Mediterranean

773

1,034

64.3%

61.9%

6.1

5.3

2024

2023 distributable

3,104

2,631

(2,016)

(1,653)

Gross Operating Income

1,089

978

Cost of Risk & others

(365)

(44)

Cost of Risk

(165)

(44)

Other net losses for risk on financial instruments

(200)

0

723

934

Europe‑Mediterranean (including 100% of Private Banking)

Incl. fees
Operating Expenses and Dep.

Cost/Income
Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date; including 2/3 of Private Banking)
Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income items
In millions of euros

Europe‑Mediterranean (including 2/3 of Private Banking)
Revenues
Operating Expenses and Dep.

Operating Income
Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

299

283

Other Non‑Operating Items

(249)

(183)

Pre‑Tax Income

773

1,034

Cost/Income

64.9%

62.8%

6.1

5.3

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

180

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

In millions of euros

2024

2023 distributable

Revenues

1,072

1,007

Operating Expenses and Dep.

(733)

(685)

339

322

(102)

(123)

Operating Income

237

198

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

(9)

(9)

Other Non‑Operating Items

13

0

Pre‑Tax Income

241

190

Income Attributable to Wealth and Asset Management

(4)

(3)

Pre‑Tax Income of New Digital Businesses & Personal Investors

237

187

68.4%

68.0%

0.8

0.8

2024

2023 distributable

Revenues

1,059

995

Operating Expenses and Dep.

(724)

(677)

335

319

(102)

(123)

Operating Income

233

195

Share of Earnings of Equity‑Method Entities

(9)

(9)

Other Non‑Operating Items

13

0

Pre‑Tax Income

237

187

Cost/Income

68.3%

68.0%

0.8

0.8

3

New Digital Businesses & Personal Investors (including 100% of Private Banking)

Gross Operating Income
Cost of Risk

Cost/Income
Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date; including 2/3 of Private Banking)

3

Including 100% of Private Banking for the Revenues to Pre‑tax income items
In millions of euros

New Digital Businesses and Personal Investors (including 2/3 of Private Banking)

Gross Operating Income
Cost of Risk

Allocated Equity (€bn, year to date)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

181

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

➤ RECONCILIATION WITH THE AGGREGATE COST OF RISK ON OUTSTANDING (COST OF RISK/CUSTOMER LOANS AT THE
BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD, IN ANNUALISED BPS)

2024

2023

Loan outstandings as of the beg. of the quarter (€bn)

636.1

630.5

Cost of risk (€m)

3,071

2,923

48

46

Loan outstandings as of the beg. of the quarter (€bn)

462.7

464.2

Cost of risk (€m)

1,029

989

22

21

230.9

230.8

Cost of risk (€m)

668

485

Cost of risk (in annualised bp)

29

21

Loan outstandings as of the beg. of the quarter (€bn)

72.9

77.1

Cost of risk (€m)

339

410

Cost of risk (in annualised bp)

46

53

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services(1)

Cost of risk (in annualised bp)
(1)

Commercial & Personal Banking in the Eurozone

Cost of risk (in annualised bp)
(1)

CPBF

Loan outstandings as of the beg. of the quarter (€bn)

BNL bc(1)

CPBB(1)
Loan outstandings as of the beg. of the quarter (€bn)

146.1

143.0

Cost of risk (€m)

19

86

Cost of risk (in annualised bp)

1

6

(1) With Private Banking at 100% and excluding “Other net losses for risk on financial instruments”.

182

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

2024

2023

Loan outstandings as of the beg. of the quarter (€bn)

35.9

35.5

Cost of risk (€m)

165

44

Cost of risk (in annualised bp)

46

13

0.0

0.0

3

(1)

Commercial & Personal Banking outside the Eurozone

BancWest(1)
Loan outstandings as of the beg. of the quarter (€bn)
Cost of risk (€m)

0

0

Cost of risk (in annualised bp)

ns

ns

Loan outstandings as of the beg. of the quarter (€bn)

35.9

35.5

Cost of risk (€m)

165

44

Cost of risk (in annualised bp)

46

13

Loan outstandings as of the beg. of the quarter (€bn)

108.9

103.5

Cost of risk (€m)

1,573

1,600

144

155

Loan outstandings as of the beg. of the quarter (€bn)

178.2

175.2

Cost of risk (€m)

(171)

(74)

Cost of risk (in annualised bp)

(10)

(4)

Loan outstandings as of the beg. of the quarter (€bn)

911.0

898.4

Cost of risk (€m)

2,999

2,907

33

32

Europe‑Mediterranean(1)

3

Personal Finance

Cost of risk (in annualised bp)
CIB – Global Banking

Group(2)

Cost of risk (in annualised bp)

(1) With Private Banking at 100% and excluding “Other net losses for risk on financial instruments”.
(2) Including cost of risk of market activities, Investment & Protection Services and Corporate Centre and excluding “Other net losses for risk on financial
instruments”.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

183

3

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

CALCULATION OF NET EARNINGS PER SHARE
31 December 2024

31 December 2023(1)

Net Income attributable to equity holders

11,688

11,232

Remuneration net of tax of undated super subordinated notes

(787)

(677)

Exchange rate effect on reimbursed undated super subordinated notes

(58)

0

Net income attributable to equity holders, after remuneration and exchange rate effect
on undated super subordinated notes

10,843

10,555

Average number of Shares outstanding excluding Treasury Shares

1,133

1,200

NET EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS) IN EUROS

9.57

8.79

In millions of euros

(1) Based on restatement of quarterly series reported on 29 February 2024. Results serving as a basis for calculating the distribution in 2023 and reflecting
the Group’s intrinsic performance post impact of the Bank of the West sale and post ramp‑up of the Single Resolution Fund (SRF), excluding extraordinary
items.

CALCULATION OF RETURN ON EQUITY
In millions of euros

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Net income Group share

11,688

10,975

Remuneration net of tax of undated super subordinated notes and exchange effect

(845)

(677)

Net income Group share used for the calculation of ROE/ROTE

10,843

10,298

Average permanent shareholders’ equity, not revaluated, used for the ROE calculation(1)

109,274

106,938

9.9%

9.6%

Average tangible permanent shareholders’ equity, not revaluated,
used for the ROTE calculation(2)

99,475

96,115

RETURN ON TANGIBLE EQUITY (ROTE)

10.9%

10.7%

Return on Equity (ROE)

(1) Average Permanent shareholders’ equity: average of beginning of the year and end of the period including in particular annualised reported Net Income
as at 31 December 2024 with exceptional items and taxes not annualised (Permanent Shareholders’ equity = Shareholders’ equity attributable to
shareholders - changes in assets and liabilities recognised directly in equity - Undated super subordinated notes - remuneration net of tax payable to
holders of undated super subordinated notes – dividend distribution assumption).
(2) Average Tangible permanent shareholders’ equity: average of beginning of the year and end of the period including in particular annualised reported Net
Income as at 31 December 2024 with exceptional items and taxes not annualised (Tangible permanent shareholders’ equity = permanent shareholders’
equity – intangible assets – goodwill).

184

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

3

MAIN EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS
Exceptional items In millions of euros

2024

Provisions for litigation (Corporate Centre)

2023 (distributable(1))
(125)

Revaluation of an equity stake (Global Markets, FICC)

78

Total revenues (a)

78

(125)

Restructuring costs and adaptation costs (Corporate Centre)

(230)

(182)

IT reinforcement costs (Corporate Centre)

(341)

(395)

Total operating expenses (b)

(571)

(576)

Reconsolidation of activities in Ukraine(2) (Corporate Centre)

226

Capital gain on divestment of Personal Finance activities in Mexico (Personal Finance)

119

Impact of a divestment (Insurance)

(87)

Capital gain on a divestment (Corporate Centre)

91

Total of other non‑operating items (c)

345

4

TOTAL EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS (PRE‑TAX) (A) + (B) + (C)

(148)

(697)

TOTAL EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS (AFTER‑TAX)

(17)

(543)

Impact on pre‑tax income

(281)

(247)

Impact on Net Income, Group share

(249)

(313)

3

Effects of the hyperinflation situation in Turkey(3)

(1) Based on restatement of quarterly series reported on 29 February 2024. Results serving as a basis for calculating the distribution in 2023 and reflecting
the Group’s intrinsic performance post impact of the Bank of the West sale and post contribution to the ramp‑up of the Single Resolution Fund (SRF)
excluding extraordinary items.
(2) 60% stake in Ukrsibbank; the other 40% is held by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
(3) Effects of the application of IAS 29 and reflecting the performance of the hedge in Türkiye (CPI linkers).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

185

3

186

2024 REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Alternative Performance Measures (APM) – Article 223‑1 of the AMF’s General regulation

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

4.1

Profit and loss account for the year ended 2024

190

4.2

Statement of net income and changes in assets and liabilities
recognised directly in equity

191

4.3

Balance sheet at 31 December 2024

192

4.4

Cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 2024

193

4.5

Statement of changes in shareholders’ equity between 1 January 2023
and 31 December 2024

194

4.6

Notes to the financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS as
adopted by the European Union

196

Note 1 Summary of material accounting policies applied by the Group
1.a Applicable accounting
1.a.1 Applicable accounting standards
1.a.2 New major accounting standards, published but not yet
applicable
1.b Consolidation
1.b.1 Scope of consolidation
1.b.2 Consolidation methods
1.b.3 Consolidation rules
1.b.4 Business combinations and measurement of goodwill
1.c Translation of foreign currency transactions
1.d Financial information in hyperinflationary economies
1.e Net interest income, Income and expenses from commissions and
other activities
1.e.1 Net interest income
1.e.2 Income and expenses from commissions and other activities
1.f Financial assets and liabilities
1.f.1 Financial assets at amortised cost
1.f.2 Financial assets at fair value through shareholders’ equity
1.f.3 Financing and guarantee commitments
1.f.4 Regulated savings and loan contracts
1.f.5 Impairment of financial assets measured at amortised cost
and debt instruments measured at fair value through
shareholders’ equity
1.f.6 Cost of risk
1.f.7 Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
1.f.8 Financial liabilities and equity instruments
1.f.9 Hedge accounting
1.f.10 Determination of fair value
1.f.11 Derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities
1.f.12 Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities

196
196
196
196
197
197
197
198
198
199
200
200
200
200
201
201
202
203
203
203
206
206
206
207
208
209
209

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

187

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

1.g Insurance activities
1.g.1 Investments related to insurance activities
1.g.2 Insurance contracts
1.h Property, plant, equipment and intangible assets
1.i Leases
1.i.1 Group company as lessor
1.i.2 Group company as lessee
1.j Assets held for sale and discontinued operations
1.k Employee benefits
1.l Share‑based payments
1.m Provisions recorded under liabilities
1.n Current and deferred tax
1.o Cash flow statement
1.p Use of estimates in the preparation of the financial statements
Note 2 Notes to the profit and loss account for the YEAR ENDED 2024
2.a Net interest income
2.b Commission income and expense
2.c Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
2.d Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through equity
2.e Net income from other activities
2.f Operating expenses
2.g Cost of risk
2.h Other net losses for risk on financial instruments
2.i Net gain on non‑current assets
2.j Corporate income tax
Note 3 Segment information
Note 4 Notes to the balance sheet at 31 December 2024
4.a Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
4.b Derivatives used for hedging purposes
4.c Financial assets at fair value through equity
4.d Measurement of the fair value of financial instruments
4.e Financial assets at amortised cost
4.f Impaired financial assets (stage 3)
4.g Financial liabilities at amortised cost due to credit institutions and customers
4.h Debt securities and subordinated debt
4.i Current and deferred taxes
4.j Accrued income/expense and other assets/liabilities
4.k Equity‑method investments
4.l Property, plant, equipment and intangible assets used in operations, investment property
4.m Goodwill
4.n Provisions for contingencies and charges
4.o Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities
4.p Transfers of financial assets
Note 5 Notes related to insurance activities
5.a Net income from insurance activities
5.b Reconciliation of expenses by type and by function
5.c Investments, other assets and financial liabilities related to insurance activities
5.d Assets and liabilities related to insurance contracts
5.e Risks arising from insurance and investment contracts in the scope of IFRS 17
5.e.1 Underwriting risk
5.e.2 Market risk
5.e.3 Credit risk
5.e.4 Liquidity risk
Note 6 Financing and guarantee commitments
6.a Financing commitments given or received
6.b Guarantee commitments given by signature
6.c Securities commitments

188

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

209
209
209
214
214
214
215
215
216
216
217
217
217
218
219
219
220
220
221
221
222
222
229
230
230
231
236
236
237
240
241
250
251
252
253
255
255
256
257
258
261
262
264
265
265
267
267
270
274
274
275
277
277
279
279
279
280

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

6.d
Note 7
7.a
7.b
7.c
7.d
7.e
Note 8
8.a
8.b
8.c
8.d
8.e
8.f
8.g
8.h
8.i
8.j
8.k
8.l

4.7

Other guarantee commitments
Salaries and employee benefits
Salary and employee benefit expense
Post‑employment benefits
Other long‑term benefits
Termination benefits
Share‑based payments
Additional information
Changes in share capital and earnings per share
Minority interests
Legal proceedings and arbitration
Business combinations and loss of control or significant influence
Discontinued activities
Significant restrictions in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
Structured entities
Compensation and benefits awarded to the Group’s corporate officers
Other related parties
Fair value of financial instruments carried at amortised cost
Scope of consolidation
Fees paid to the Statutory Auditors

Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements
Opinion
Basis for opinion
Independence
Justification of assessments – Key audit matters
Specific verifications
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
Responsibilities of Management and those charged with governance for the consolidated
financial statements
Statutory Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Report to the Financial Statements Committee

4

280
281
281
281
287
288
288
289
289
292
294
295
296
296
296
299
300
301
303
321

4

323
323
323
323
323
328
328
328
328
329

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

189

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Profit and loss account for the year ended 2024

The Board of directors of BNP Paribas approved the Group consolidated financial statements on 3 February 2025.
The consolidated financial statements of the BNP Paribas Group are presented for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023. In accordance with
Annex I of European Delegated Regulation (EU) n° 2019/980 as amended by Delegated Regulation (EU) n° 2020/1273, the consolidated financial
statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 are provided in the Universal registration document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers
on 22 March 2024 under number D.24‑0158.
On 18 December 2021, the Group concluded an agreement with BMO Financial Group for the sale of 100% of its retail and commercial banking
activities in the United States operated by the BancWest cash‑generating unit. The terms of this transaction fall within the scope of application of
IFRS 5 relating to groups of assets and liabilities held for sale (see note 8.e Discontinued activities) leading to isolate the “Net income from
discontinued activities” on a separate line. A similar reclassification is made in the statement of net income and changes in assets and liabilities
recognised directly in equity and in the cash flow statement.
Following the receipt of regulatory approvals, the transaction was finalised on 1 February 2023.

4.1 Profit and loss account for the year
ended 2024
In millions of euros

Notes

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Interest income

2.a

83,020

79,542

Interest expense

2.a

(63,496)

(60,484)

Commission income

2.b

16,196

15,011

Commission expense

2.b

(5,495)

(5,190)

Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss

2.c

11,569

10,346

Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through equity

2.d

209

28

Net gain on derecognised financial assets at amortised cost
Net income from insurance activities

5.a

of which Insurance revenue
Insurance service expenses

55

66

2,396

2,320

9,711

8,945

(7,502)

(6,786)

Investment return

11,554

10,254

Net finance income or expenses from insurance contracts

(11,367)

(10,093)

Income from other activities

2.e

21,922

18,560

Expense on other activities

2.e

(17,545)

(14,325)

48,831

45,874

Operating expenses

2.f

(27,803)

(28,713)

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

4.l

(2,390)

(2,243)

REVENUES FROM CONTINUING ACTIVITIES

GROSS OPERATING INCOME FROM CONTINUING ACTIVITIES
Cost of risk

2.g

Other net losses for risk on financial instruments

2.h

OPERATING INCOME FROM CONTINUING ACTIVITIES

18,638

14,918

(2,999)

(2,907)

(202)

(775)

15,437

11,236

Share of earnings of equity‑method entities

4.k

701

593

Net gain on non‑current assets

2.i

(191)

(104)

Goodwill

4.m

PRE‑TAX INCOME FROM CONTINUING ACTIVITIES
Corporate income tax from continuing activities

2.j

NET INCOME FROM CONTINUING ACTIVITIES
Net income from discontinued activities

8.e

NET INCOME
Net income attributable to minority interests
NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS

190

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

241

-

16,188

11,725

(4,001)

(3,266)

12,187

8,459

-

2,947

12,187

11,406

499

431

11,688

10,975

Basic earnings per share

8.a

9.57

8.58

Diluted earnings per share

8.a

9.57

8.58

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statement of net income and changes in assets and liabilities recognised directly in equity

4

4.2 Statement of net income and changes
in assets and liabilities recognised directly
in equity
In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

12,187

11,406

945

596

1,129

367

1,177

(109)

Changes in fair value recognised in equity

(632)

244

Changes in fair value reported in net income

(66)

27

Changes in fair value recognised in equity

(543)

4,665

Changes in fair value reported in net income

447

558

259

(4,573)

Changes in fair value recognised in equity

(111)

146

Changes in fair value reported in net income

(5)

22

Income tax

150

(283)

Changes in equity‑method investments, after tax

453

(162)

-

(168)

(184)

229

Changes in fair value of equity instruments designated as at fair value through equity

(17)

232

Debt remeasurement effect arising from BNP Paribas Group issuer risk

(587)

45

Remeasurement gains (losses) related to post‑employment benefit plans

228

(173)

Income tax

112

11

Changes in equity‑method investments, after tax

80

114

Changes in discontinued activities, after tax

-

-

13,132

12,002

Attributable to equity shareholders

12,431

11,479

Attributable to minority interests

701

523

Net income for the period
Changes in assets and liabilities recognised directly in equity
Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss
Changes in exchange differences
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through equity

4

Changes in fair value of investments of insurance activities

Changes in fair value of contracts of insurance activities
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments

Changes in discontinued activities, after tax
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

TOTAL

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

191

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Balance sheet at 31 December 2024

4.3 Balance sheet at 31 December 2024
In millions of euros, at

Notes

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

182,496

288,259

ASSETS
Cash and balances at central banks
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Securities

4.a

267,357

211,634

Loans and repurchase agreements

4.a

225,699

227,175

Derivative financial instruments

4.a

322,631

292,079

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

4.b

20,851

21,692

Debt securities

4.c

71,430

50,274

Equity securities

4.c

1,610

2,275

Financial assets at fair value through equity

Financial assets at amortised cost
Loans and advances to credit institutions

4.e

31,147

24,335

Loans and advances to customers

4.e

900,141

859,200

Debt securities

4.e

146,975

121,161

Remeasurement adjustment on interest‑rate risk hedged portfolios

(758)

(2,661)

286,849

257,098

Investments and other assets related to insurance activities

5.c

Current and deferred tax assets

4.i

6,215

6,556

Accrued income and other assets

4.j

174,147

170,758

Equity‑method investments

4.k

7,862

6,751

Property, plant and equipment and investment property

4.l

50,314

45,222

Intangible assets

4.l

4,392

4,142

Goodwill

4.m

5,550

5,549

2,704,908

2,591,499

3,366

3,374

TOTAL ASSETS
LIABILITIES
Deposits from central banks
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Securities

4.a

79,958

104,910

Deposits and repurchase agreements

4.a

304,817

273,614

Issued debt securities and subordinated debt

4.a

104,934

83,763

Derivative financial instruments

4.a

301,953

278,892

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

4.b

36,864

38,011

Financial liabilities at amortised cost
Deposits from credit institutions

4.g

66,872

95,175

Deposits from customers

4.g

1,034,857

988,549

Debt securities

4.h

198,119

191,482

Subordinated debt

4.h

31,799

24,743

(10,696)

(14,175)

Remeasurement adjustment on interest‑rate risk hedged portfolios
Current and deferred tax liabilities

4.i

3,657

3,821

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

4.j

136,955

143,673

Liabilities related to insurance contracts

5.d

247,699

218,043

Financial liabilities related to insurance activities

5.c

19,807

18,239

Provisions for contingencies and charges

4.n

9,806

10,518

2,570,767

2,462,632

Share capital, additional paid‑in capital and retained earnings

118,957

115,809

Net income for the period attributable to shareholders

11,688

10,975

130,645

126,784

TOTAL LIABILITIES
EQUITY

Total capital, retained earnings and net income for the period attributable to shareholders
Changes in assets and liabilities recognised directly in equity

(2,508)

(3,042)

Shareholders’ equity

128,137

123,742

Minority interests
TOTAL EQUITY
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

192

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

8.b

6,004

5,125

134,141

128,867

2,704,908

2,591,499

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 2024

4

4.4 Cash flow statement for the year ended
31 December 2024
Notes

In millions of euros

Pre‑tax income from continuing activities
Pre‑tax income from discontinued activities

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

16,188

11,725

-

3,658

Non‑monetary items included in pre‑tax net income and other adjustments

11,094

8,495

Net depreciation/amortisation expense on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

7,272

6,245

Impairment of goodwill and other non‑current assets

21

(32)

Net addition to provisions

3,023

3,646

Variation of assets/liabilities related to insurance contracts

3,181

(6,240)

Share of earnings of equity‑method entities

(701)

(593)

Net income from investing activities

(277)

(3,600)

Net income (expense) from financing activities

(604)

506

Other movements

(821)

8,563

(124,658)

(58,119)

Net decrease related to assets and liabilities generated by operating activities

(8,672)

(7,751)

Net decrease related to transactions involving other financial assets and liabilities

Net decrease related to transactions with customers and credit institutions

(102,669)

(32,712)

Net decrease related to transactions involving non‑financial assets and liabilities (1)

(10,184)

(14,297)

Taxes paid

(3,133)

(3,359)

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS GENERATED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES

(97,376)

(34,241)

Net increase related to acquisitions and disposals of consolidated entities

1,956

9,520

Net decrease related to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

(2,136)

(2,216)

(180)

7,304
(8,698)

NET DECREASE (INCREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS RELATED TO INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents related to transactions with shareholders

(8,756)

Increase in cash and cash equivalents generated by other financing activities

2,338

4,022

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS RELATED TO FINANCING ACTIVITIES

(6,418)

(4,676)

EFFECT OF MOVEMENT IN EXCHANGE RATES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
of which net increase in cash and cash equivalents from discontinued activities

(393)

(3,506)

(104,367)

(35,119)

-

9,909

Balance of cash and cash equivalent accounts at the start of the period

282,579

317,698

Cash and amounts due from central banks

288,279

318,581

Due to central banks

(3,374)

(3,054)

On demand deposits with credit institutions

8,352

11,927

(10,770)

(12,538)

On demand loans from credit institutions

4.g

Deduction of receivables and accrued interest on cash and cash equivalents

92

163

Cash and cash equivalent accounts classified as “Assets held for sale”

-

2,619

Balance of cash and cash equivalent accounts at the end of the period

178,212

282,579

Cash and amounts due from central banks

182,511

288,279

Due to central banks

(3,366)

(3,374)

On demand deposits with credit institutions
On demand loans from credit institutions

4.g

Deduction of receivables and accrued interest on cash and cash equivalents
NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

9,482

8,352

(10,608)

(10,770)

193

92

(104,367)

(35,119)

4

(1) As of 2024, disposals of leased assets are reported under “Net decrease related to transactions involving non‑financial assets and liabilities”. In 2023,
they were reported within the “Other movements” line for EUR 3,612 million.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

193

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statement of changes in shareholders’ equity between 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2024

4.5 Statement of changes in shareholders’ equity
between 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2024
Changes in assets and liabilities
recognised directly in equity that will not be
reclassified to profit or loss
Own‑credit
valuation
adjustment of Remeasurement
debt securities gains (losses)
Financial assets designated as at
related to
designated as at
fair value
post
fair value
through ‑employment
Total through equity
benefit plans
profit or loss

Capital and
retained earnings

In millions of euros

Balance at 31 December 2022

Share capital
and additional
paid‑in‑capital
26,190

Undated super
subordinated Non‑distributed
reserves
notes
11,800

Appropriation of net income for 2022
Increases in capital and issues
Reductions or redemptions of capital
Movements in own equity instruments

1,670
(4,983)
(5)

2

Share‑based payment plans

86,866

124,856

(4,744)

(4,744)

(2)

1,668

(17)

(5,000)

(218)

(221)

(8)

(8)

Remuneration on undated super subordinated notes

(654)

(654)

Impact of internal transactions on minority
shareholders (note 8.b)

(21)

(21)

Movements in consolidation scope impacting
minority shareholders (note 8.b)

119

540

-

Acquisitions of additional interests or partial sales of
interests (note 8.b)

1

1

Change in commitments to repurchase minority
shareholders' interests

9

9

Other movements

(4)

(4)

Realised gains or losses reclassified to retained
earnings

(73)

(73)

(34)

(8)

(4)

-

304

35

(105)

855

146

431

Changes in assets and liabilities recognised directly
in equity
Net income for 2023
Balance at 31 December 2023

21,202

13,472

Appropriation of net income for 2023

10,975

10,975

92,110

126,784

(5,198)

(5,198)

Increases in capital and issues

-

Reductions or redemptions of capital

(1,051)

(1,326)

(62)

(2,439)

Movements in own equity instruments

(18)

(17)

423

388

Share‑based payment plans
Remuneration on undated super subordinated notes

(5)

(5)

(743)

(743)

Movements in consolidation scope impacting
minority shareholders (note 8.b)

-

Acquisitions of additional interests or partial sales
of interests (note 8.b)

4

4

Change in commitments to repurchase minority
shareholders’ interests

(4)

(4)

Other movements

(39)

(39)

Realised gains or losses reclassified to retained
earnings

209

209

(210)

1

-

79

(435)

165

724

(288)

596

Changes in assets and liabilities recognised directly
in equity
Net income for 2024
Balance at 31 December 2024

194

585

20,133

12,129

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

11,688

11,688

98,383

130,645

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statement of changes in shareholders’ equity between 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2024

Changes in assets and liabilities
recognised directly in equity that
will not be reclassified to profit or
loss

Discontinued
activities

Total

(119)

1,125

119

Changes in assets and liabilities recognised directly
in equity that may be reclassified to profit or loss

Financial
investments and
Financial assets
contracts of Derivatives used
Exchange
at fair value
insurance
for hedging
differences through equity
activities
purposes
(3,190)

(511)

(1,462)

251

Discontinued
activities

Total

Total shareholders’
equity

Minority
interests
(note 8.b)

Total equity

168

(4,744)

121,237

4,773

126,010

-

-

(4,744)

(179)

(4,923)

-

-

1,668

316

-

-

(5,000)

(5,000)

-

-

(221)

(221)

-

-

(8)

1

(7)

-

(654)

(3)

(657)

-

-

(21)

21

-

-

-

-

(90)

(90)

-

-

1

(12)

(11)

(225)

(216)

-

-

9

-

-

(4)

(4)

73

-

-

-

504

(239)

153

490

34

(168)

270
-

10,975

431

11,406

(3,429)

(358)

(972)

285

-

(4,474)

123,742

5,125

128,867
(5,562)

-

1,432

92

-

-

(5,198)

(364)

-

-

5

-

-

(2,439)

(2,439)

-

-

388

388

-

-

(5)

-

-

(743)

(8)

(751)

-

-

-

258

258

-

-

4

192

196

5

(5)

-

-

(4)

93

89

-

-

(39)

2

(37)

(209)

-

-

934

743

1,218

(494)

365

(155)

(2,211)

(852)

(607)

130

1,032

-

4

596

-

(191)
-

1,984

-

234

4

202

945

-

11,688

499

12,187

(3,540)

128,137

6,004

134,141

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

195

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4.6 Notes to the financial statements prepared
in accordance with IFRS as adopted
by the European Union
Note 1 SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES APPLIED
BY THE GROUP
1.a
1.a.1

APPLICABLE ACCOUNTING

■ In France, changes resulting from the pension reform enacted

on 14 April 2023 constitute a change in post‑employment
benefits, based on IAS 19 § 104. The non‑material impact of this
change was recorded in the profit and loss account for the
period.

Applicable accounting standards

The consolidated financial statements of the BNP Paribas Group
have been prepared in accordance with international accounting
standards (International Financial Reporting Standards – IFRS), as
adopted for use in the European Union (1). Accordingly, certain
provisions of IAS 39 on hedge accounting have been excluded.
Information on the nature and extent of risks relating to financial
instruments as required by IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments:
Disclosures” along with information on regulatory capital required by
IAS 1 “Presentation of financial statements” are presented in
chapter 5 of the Universal registration document. This information,
which is an integral part of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements of the BNP Paribas Group at 31 December 2024, is
covered by the opinion of the Statutory Auditors on the consolidated
financial statements, and is identified by the word “Audited” within
this chapter. Section 4 of chapter 5, paragraph Exposures, provisions
and cost of risk provides, in particular, IFRS 7 information on credit
risk exposures and related impairment broken down according to
whether the underlying loans are performing or non‑performing, by
geographic area and by industry.
■ Further to the Pillar II recommendations of the Organisation for

Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) in relation to
the international tax reform, the European Union adopted
in December 2022 the 2022/2523 directive instituting a
minimum corporate income tax for international groups,
effective 1 January 2024. This directive was transposed by the
2024 Finance Act in France in December 2023.
To clarify the directive’s potential impacts, on 23 May 2023 the
IASB issued a series of amendments to IAS 12 “Income Taxes”,
which were adopted by the European Union on 8 November
2023. In accordance with the provisions of these amendments,
the Group applies the mandatory and temporary exception not
to recognise deferred taxes associated with this additional
taxation.
The impact of the Pillar II reform is non‑material for the Group.
Income before tax and corporate income tax by country are
presented in chapter 8 of the 2024 Universal registration
document (part 8.6 section II Profit and Loss account items and
headcount by country).

The introduction of other standards, amendments and
interpretations that are mandatory as from 1 January 2024, in
particular the amendment to IFRS 16 on Lease liabilities in a sale
and lease back, had no effect on the Group’s financial statements at
31 December 2024.

1.a.2

New major accounting standards,
published but not yet applicable

The Group did not early apply new standards, amendments and
interpretations endorsed by the European Union when the
application in 2024 was optional.
The impact assessment of the new standards and amendments not
yet applicable by the Group is presented below:
Amendments to IFRS 9 "Financial Instruments” and IFRS 7
"Financial Instruments: Disclosures” relating to the
classification and measurement of financial instruments.
On 30 May 2024, the IASB published amendments to IFRS 9 and
IFRS 7, which will be applicable for annual periods beginning on
1 January 2026. These amendments:
■ clarify the date of recognition and derecognition of certain

financial assets and liabilities, with a new exception for certain
financial liabilities settled through an electronic payment
system;
■ clarify and add indications for assessing whether a financial

asset meets the cash flow criterion, e.g. its cash flows are
solely payments of principal and interest on the principal
outstanding (SPPI);
■ require disclosures in the notes to financial statements for

certain instruments with contractual terms that can change the
time or amount of cash flows upon the occurrence or
non‑occurrence of a contingent event (e.g. financial instruments
with characteristics linked to the achievement of
environmental, social and governance objectives); and
■ update the information requirements for equity instruments

designated at fair value through equity.

(1) The full set of standards adopted for use in the European Union can be found on the website of the European Commission at:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/business‑economy‑euro/company‑reporting‑and‑auditing/company‑reporting_en

196

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Publication of IFRS 18 “Presentation and disclosure in
financial statements” in replacement of IAS 1.

decisions are
circumstances.

IFRS 18 will be mandatory from 1 January 2027, with retrospective
application.

In assessing whether it has power, the Group considers only
substantive rights which it holds or which are held by third parties.
For a right to be substantive, the holder must have the practical
ability to exercise that right when decisions about the relevant
activities of the entity need to be made.

IFRS 18 includes many of the requirements of IAS 1 without changes
and supplements them with new requirements relating to:
■ the presentation of specific categories (operating, investment

contingent

on

uncertain

future

events

or

and financing) and sub‑totals in the statement of profit or loss
account;

Control is reassessed if facts and circumstances indicate that there
are changes to one or more of the elements of control.

■ information to be disclosed in the notes to the financial

Where the Group contractually holds the decision‑making power, for
instance where the Group acts as fund manager, it shall determine
whether it is acting as agent or principal. Indeed, when associated
with a certain level of exposure to the variability of returns, this
decision‑making power may indicate that the Group is acting on its
own account and that it thus has control over those entities.

statements on management‑defined performance measures
(MPM);
■ aggregation and disaggregation of information in the statement

of profit or loss account.
The Bank is currently assessing the detailed implications of applying
IFRS 18 to the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

1.b CONSOLIDATION
1.b.1

Scope of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements of BNP Paribas include
entities that are controlled by the Group, jointly controlled, and
under significant influence, with the exception of those entities
whose consolidation is regarded as immaterial to the Group.
Companies that hold shares in consolidated companies are also
consolidated.
Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group
obtains effective control. Entities under temporary control are
included in the consolidated financial statements until the date of
disposal.

1.b.2

Consolidation methods

Exclusive control
Controlled enterprises are fully consolidated. The Group controls a
subsidiary when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from
its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
returns through its power over the entity.
For entities governed by voting rights, the Group generally controls
the entity if it holds, directly or indirectly, the majority of the voting
rights (and if there are no contractual provisions that alter the
power of these voting rights) or if the power to direct the relevant
activities of the entity is conferred on it by contractual agreements.
Structured entities are entities established so that they are not
governed by voting rights, for instance when those voting rights
relate to administrative tasks only, whereas the relevant activities
are directed by means of contractual arrangements. They often have
the following features or attributes: restricted activities, a narrow
and well‑defined objective and insufficient equity to permit them to
finance their activities without subordinated financial support.
For these entities, the analysis of control shall consider the purpose
and design of the entity, the risks to which the entity is designed to
be exposed and to what extent the Group absorbs the related
variability. The assessment of control shall consider all facts and
circumstances able to determine the Group’s practical ability to
make decisions that could significantly affect its returns, even if such

4

Minority interests are presented separately in the consolidated profit
and loss account and balance sheet within consolidated equity. The
calculation of minority interests takes into account the outstanding
cumulative preferred shares classified as equity instruments issued
by subsidiaries, when such shares are held outside the Group.

4

As regards fully consolidated funds, units held by third‑party
investors are recognised as debts at fair value through profit or loss,
inasmuch as they are redeemable at fair value at the subscriber’s
initiative.
For transactions resulting in a loss of control, any equity interest
retained by the Group is remeasured at its fair value through profit
or loss.
Joint control
Where the Group carries out an activity with one or more partners,
sharing control by virtue of a contractual agreement which requires
unanimous consent on relevant activities (those that significantly
affect the entity’s returns), the Group exercises joint control over the
activity. Where the jointly controlled activity is structured through a
separate vehicle in which the partners have rights to the net assets,
this joint venture is accounted for using the equity method. Where
the jointly controlled activity is not structured through a separate
vehicle or where the partners have rights to the assets and
obligations for the liabilities of the jointly controlled activity, the
Group accounts for its share of the assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses in accordance with the applicable IFRS.
Significant influence
Companies over which the Group exercises significant influence or
associates are accounted for by the equity method. Significant
influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating
policy decisions of a company without exercising control. Significant
influence is presumed to exist when the Group holds, directly or
indirectly, 20% or more of the voting rights of a company. Interests of
less than 20% can be included in the consolidation scope if the
Group effectively exercises significant influence. This is the case for
example for entities developed in partnership with other associates,
where the BNP Paribas Group participates in strategic decisions of
the enterprise through representation on the Board of directors or
equivalent governing body, or exercises influence over the
enterprise’s operational management by supplying management
systems or senior managers, or provides technical assistance to
support the enterprise’s development.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

197

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Changes in the net assets of associates (companies accounted for
under the equity method) are recognised on the assets side of the
balance sheet under “Investments in equity‑method entities” and in
the relevant component of shareholders’ equity. Goodwill recorded
on associates is also included under “Equity‑method investments”.
Whenever there is an indication of impairment, the carrying amount
of the investment consolidated under the equity method (including
goodwill) is subjected to an impairment test, by comparing its
recoverable value (the higher of value‑in‑use and market value less
costs to sell) to its carrying amount. Where appropriate, impairment
is recognised under “Share of earnings of equity‑method entities” in
the consolidated income statement and can be reversed at a later
date.
If the Group’s share of losses of an equity‑method entity equals or
exceeds the carrying amount of its investment in this entity, the
Group discontinues including its share of further losses. The
investment is reported at nil value. Additional losses of the
equity‑method entity are provided for only to the extent that the
Group has contracted a legal or constructive obligation or has made
payments on behalf of this entity.
Where the Group holds an interest in an associate, directly or
indirectly through an entity that is a venture capital organisation, a
mutual fund, an open‑ended investment company or similar entity
such as an investment‑related insurance fund, it may elect to
measure that interest at fair value through profit or loss.
Realised gains and losses on investments in consolidated
undertakings are recognised in the profit and loss account under
“Net gain on non‑current assets”.
The consolidated financial statements are prepared using uniform
accounting policies for similar transactions and other events
occurring in similar circumstances.

1.b.3

Consolidation rules

Elimination of intragroup balances
and transactions
Intragroup balances arising from transactions between consolidated
enterprises, and the transactions themselves (including income,
expenses and dividends), are eliminated. Profits and losses arising
from intragroup sales of assets are eliminated, except where there is
an indication that the asset sold is impaired. Unrealised gains and
losses included in the value of financial instruments at fair value
through equity are maintained in the consolidated financial
statements.
By way of exception, amendments to IAS 32 and IFRS 9 allow
intragroup assets to be retained in the balance sheet if they are held
as underlying components of direct participating contracts. These
assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss. These are:
■ own shares by amendment to IAS 32;
■ financial liabilities issued by the entity in amendment to IFRS 9.

These provisions are applied by the Group’s insurance entities that
issue direct participating contracts, the underlying elements of
which include securities issued by the Group either directly or
through consolidated investment entities.

Translation of accounts expressed in foreign
currencies
The consolidated financial statements of BNP Paribas are prepared
in euros.
The financial statements of enterprises whose functional currency is
not the euro are translated using the closing rate method. Under this
method, all assets and liabilities, both monetary and non‑monetary,
are translated using the spot exchange rate at the balance sheet
date. Income and expense items are translated at the average rate
for the period.
Financial statements of the Group’s subsidiaries located in
hyperinflationary economies, previously adjusted for inflation by
applying a general price index, are translated using the closing rate.
This rate applies to the translation of assets and liabilities as well as
income and expenses.
Differences arising from the translation of balance sheet items and
profit and loss items are recorded in shareholders’ equity under
“Exchange differences”, and in “Minority interests” for the portion
attributable to outside investors. Under the optional treatment
permitted by IFRS 1, the Group has reset to zero all translation
differences, by booking all cumulative translation differences
attributable to shareholders and to minority interests in the opening
balance sheet at 1 January 2004 to retained earnings.
On liquidation or disposal of some or all of an interest held in a
foreign enterprise located outside the Eurozone, leading to a change
in the nature of the investment (loss of control, loss of significant
influence or loss of joint control without keeping a significant
influence), the cumulative exchange difference at the date of
liquidation or sale is recognised in the profit and loss account.
Should the percentage of interest change without leading to a
modification in the nature of the investment, the exchange difference
is reallocated between the portion attributable to shareholders and
that attributable to minority interests if the entity is fully
consolidated; if the entity is consolidated under the equity method, it
is recorded in profit or loss for the portion related to the interest
sold.

1.b.4

Business combinations
and measurement of goodwill

Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the purchase
method.
Under this method, the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities
assumed are measured at fair value at the acquisition date except
for non‑current assets classified as assets held for sale which are
accounted for at fair value less costs to sell.
The acquiree’s contingent liabilities are not recognised in the
consolidated balance sheet unless they represent a present
obligation on the acquisition date and their fair value can be
measured reliably.

198

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

The cost of a business combination is the fair value, at the date of
exchange, of assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity
instruments issued to obtain control of the acquiree. Costs directly
attributable to the business combination are treated as a separate
transaction and recognised through profit or loss.
Any contingent consideration is included in the cost, as soon as
control is obtained, at fair value on the date when control was
acquired. Subsequent changes in the value of any contingent
consideration recognised as a financial liability are recognised
through profit or loss.
The Group may recognise any adjustments to the provisional
accounting within 12 months of the acquisition date.
Goodwill represents the difference between the cost of the
combination and the acquirer’s interest in the net fair value of the
identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquiree at the acquisition
date. Positive goodwill is recognised in the acquirer’s balance sheet,
while negative goodwill is recognised immediately in profit or loss,
on the acquisition date. Minority interests are measured at their
share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and
liabilities. However, for each business combination, the Group can
elect to measure minority interests at fair value, in which case a
proportion of goodwill is allocated to them. To date, the Group has
never used this latter option.
Goodwill is recognised in the functional currency of the acquiree and
translated at the closing exchange rate.
On the acquisition date, any previously held equity interest in the
acquiree is remeasured at its fair value through profit or loss. In the
case of a step acquisition, the goodwill is therefore determined by
reference to the acquisition‑date fair value.
Since the revised IFRS 3 has been applied prospectively, business
combinations completed prior to 1 January 2010 were not restated
for the effects of changes to IFRS 3.
As permitted under IFRS 1, business combinations that took place
before 1 January 2004 and were recorded in accordance with the
previously applicable accounting standards (French GAAP), had not
been restated in accordance with the principles of IFRS 3.
Specificities relating to insurance contracts acquired through
business combinations are set out in note 1.g.2 in the paragraph
Recognition and derecognition.

Measurement of goodwill
The BNP Paribas Group tests goodwill for impairment on a regular
basis.
Cash‑generating units
The BNP Paribas Group has split all its activities into
cash‑generating units (1) representing major business lines. This split
is consistent with the Group’s organisational structure and

4

management methods, and reflects the independence of each unit in
terms of results and management approach. It is reviewed on a
regular basis in order to take account of events likely to affect the
composition of cash‑generating units, such as acquisitions, disposals
and major reorganisations.
Testing cash‑generating units for impairment
Goodwill allocated to cash‑generating units is tested for impairment
annually and whenever there is an indication that a unit may be
impaired, by comparing the carrying amount of the unit with its
recoverable amount. If the recoverable amount is less than the
carrying amount, an irreversible impairment loss is recognised, and
the goodwill is written down by the excess of the carrying amount of
the unit over its recoverable amount.
Recoverable amount of a cash‑generating unit
The recoverable amount of a cash‑generating unit is the higher of
the fair value of the unit less costs to sell, and its value in use.
Fair value is the price that would be obtained from selling the unit at
the market conditions prevailing at the date of measurement, as
determined mainly by reference to actual prices of recent
transactions involving similar entities or on the basis of stock market
multiples for comparable companies.

4

Value in use is based on an estimate of the future cash flows to be
generated by the cash‑generating unit, derived from the annual
forecasts prepared by the unit’s management and approved by
Group Executive Management, and from analyses of changes in the
relative positioning of the unit’s activities on their market. These
cash flows are discounted at a rate that reflects the return that
investors would require from an investment in the business sector
and region involved.

1.c

TRANSLATION OF FOREIGN CURRENCY
TRANSACTIONS

The methods used to account for assets and liabilities relating to
foreign currency transactions entered into by the Group, and to
measure the foreign exchange risk arising on such transactions,
depend on whether the asset or liability in question is classified as a
monetary or a non‑monetary item.

Monetary assets and liabilities (2) expressed in
foreign currencies
Monetary assets and liabilities expressed in foreign currencies are
translated into the functional currency of the relevant Group entity
at the closing rate. Foreign exchange differences are recognised in
the profit and loss account, except for those arising from financial
instruments designated as a cash flow hedge or a net foreign
investment hedge, which are recognised in shareholders’ equity.

(1) As defined by IAS 36.
(2) Monetary assets and liabilities are assets and liabilities to be received or paid in fixed or determinable amounts of cash.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

199

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Non‑monetary assets and liabilities expressed
in foreign currencies
Non‑monetary assets may be measured either at historical cost or at
fair value. Non‑monetary assets expressed in foreign currencies are
translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction (i.e.
date of initial recognition of the non‑monetary asset) if they are
measured at historical cost, and at the closing rate if they are
measured at fair value.
Foreign exchange differences relating to non‑monetary assets
denominated in foreign currencies and recognised at fair value
(equity instruments) are recognised in profit or loss when the asset
is classified in “Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss”
and in equity when the asset is classified under “Financial assets at
fair value through equity”.

1.d FINANCIAL INFORMATION
IN HYPERINFLATIONARY ECONOMIES
The Group applies IAS 29 to the presentation of the accounts of its
consolidated subsidiaries located in countries whose economies are
in hyperinflation.
IAS 29 presents a number of quantitative and qualitative criteria to
assess whether an economy is hyperinflationary, including a
cumulative, three‑year inflation rate approaching or exceeding 100%.
IAS 29 standard requires that the balance sheet and the profit or
loss amounts not already expressed in terms of the measuring unit
current at the end of the reporting period be restated by applying a
general price index.
For this purpose:
■ All non‑monetary assets and liabilities of subsidiaries in

hyperinflationary countries, including equity, are restated on
the basis of changes in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) from the
date of initial recognition in the balance sheet to the end of the
reporting period. Each line of the profit and loss account is
restated on the basis of changes in CPI between the dates when
the transactions were realised and the end of the reporting
period.
■ Assets and liabilities linked by agreement to changes in prices,

such as index‑linked bonds and loans, are adjusted at the
reporting date, in accordance with the agreement.
In a period of inflation, an entity holding an excess of monetary
assets over monetary liabilities loses purchasing power and an entity
with an excess of monetary liabilities over monetary assets gains
purchasing power to the extent the assets and liabilities are not
linked to a price level. The gain or loss on the net monetary position,
which reflects this gain or loss on purchasing power incurred by the
Group during the reporting period, may be derived as the difference
resulting from the restatement of non‑monetary assets, equity and
the profit and loss account and the adjustment of index linked assets
and liabilities. This gain or loss is recognised under “Net gain on
non‑current assets”.
Financial statements of these subsidiaries are then translated into
euros at the closing rate.
In accordance with the provisions of the IFRIC’s decision of
March 2020 on classifying the effects of indexation and translation of

200

accounts of subsidiaries in hyperinflationary economies, the Group
has opted to present these effects (including the net book value
effect at the date of the initial application of IAS 29) within changes
in assets and liabilities recognised directly through equity related to
exchange differences.
Since 1 January 2022, the Group has applied IAS 29 to the
presentation of the accounts of its consolidated subsidiaries located
in Türkiye.

1.e

1.e.1

NET INTEREST INCOME, INCOME AND
EXPENSES FROM COMMISSIONS AND
OTHER ACTIVITIES
Net interest income

Income and expenses relating to debt instruments measured at
amortised cost and at fair value through shareholders’ equity are
recognised in the income statement using the effective interest rate
method.
The effective interest rate is the rate that ensures that the
discounted estimated future cash flows through the expected life of
the financial instrument or, when appropriate, a shorter period, is
equal to the carrying amount of the asset or liability in the balance
sheet. The effective interest rate measurement takes into account all
fees received or paid that are an integral part of the effective interest
rate of the contract, transaction costs, and premiums and discounts.
Commissions considered as an additional component of interest are
included in the effective interest rate and are recognised in the profit
and loss account in “Net interest income”. This category includes
notably commissions on financing commitments when it is
considered that the setting up of a loan is more likely than unlikely.
Commissions received in respect of financing commitments are
deferred until they are drawn and then included in the effective
interest rate calculation and amortised over the life of the loan.
Syndication commissions are also included in this category for the
portion of the commission equivalent to the remuneration of other
syndication participants.

1.e.2

Income and expenses from commissions
and other activities

Commissions received with regards to banking and similar services
provided (except for those that are integral part of the effective
interest rate), revenues from property development and revenues
from services provided in connection with lease contracts fall within
the scope of IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”.
This standard defines a single model for recognising revenue based
on principles set out in five steps. These five steps enable to identify
the distinct performance obligations included in the contracts and
allocate the transaction price among them. The income related to
those performance obligations is recognised as revenue when the
latter are satisfied, namely when the control of the promised goods
or services has been transferred.
The price of a service may contain a variable component. Variable
amounts may be recognised in the income statement only if it is
highly probable that the amounts recorded will not result in a
significant downward adjustment.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Commission
The Group records commission income and expense in profit or loss
either:
■ over time as the service is rendered when the client receives

continuous service. These include, for example, certain
commissions on transactions with customers when services are
rendered on a continuous basis, commissions on financing
commitments that are not included in the interest margin,
because the probability that they give rise to the drawing up of
a loan is low, commissions on financial collateral, clearing
commissions on financial instruments, commissions related to
trust and similar activities, securities custody fees, etc.
Commissions received under financial guarantee commitments
are deemed to represent the initial fair value of the
commitment. The resulting liability is subsequently amortised
over the term of the commitment, in commission income; or
■ at a point in time when the service is rendered, in other cases.

These include, for example, distribution fees received, loan
syndication fees remunerating the arrangement service,
advisory fees, etc.

Income and expenses from other activities
Margins on property development as well as income and expenses
from services provided in connection with lease contracts are
recorded under “Income from other activities” in the profit or loss
account.
With regard to the revenues and expenses composing the margins of
property development transactions, the Group records them in the
profit or loss account:
■ over

time, when the performance obligation creates or
enhances an asset over which the customer obtains control as
it is created or enhanced (e.g. work in progress controlled by
the client on the land on which the asset is located, etc.), or
where the service performed does not create an asset that the
entity could otherwise use and gives it an enforceable right to
payment for performance completed to date. This is the case for
contracts such as VEFA (sale in the future state of completion)
in France;

■ at completion in other cases.

Provisions and impairment are recognised when the margin above is
negative (provisions for onerous contracts and inventories
impairment).
Regarding income from services provided in connection with lease
contracts, the Group records them in profit or loss as the service is
rendered, i.e. in proportion to the costs incurred for maintenance
contracts. The corresponding expenses are recognised when the
service is rendered. At the same time, provisions are recognised to
cover risks mainly related to services provided like risk retention and
relay‑assistance vehicles.

1.f

FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

Financial assets are classified at amortised cost, at fair value
through shareholders’ equity or at fair value through profit or loss
depending on the business model and the contractual features of the
instruments at initial recognition.
Financial liabilities are classified at amortised cost or at fair value
through profit or loss at initial recognition.

4

Financial assets and liabilities are recognised in the balance sheet
when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the
instrument. Purchases and sales of financial assets made within a
period established by the regulations or by a convention in the
relevant marketplace are recognised in the balance sheet at the
settlement date.

1.f.1

Financial assets at amortised cost

Financial assets are classified at amortised cost if the following two
criteria are met: the business model objective is to hold the
instrument in order to collect the contractual cash flows and the
cash flows consist solely of payments relating to principal and
interest on the principal.

Business model criterion
Financial assets are managed within a business model whose
objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect cash flows
through the collection of contractual payments over the life of the
instrument.
The realisation of disposals close to the maturity of the instrument
and for an amount close to the remaining contractual cash flows, or
due to an increase in the counterparty’s credit risk is consistent with
a business model whose objective is to collect the contractual cash
flows (“collect”). Sales imposed by regulatory requirements or to
manage the concentration of credit risk (without an increase in the
asset’s credit risk) are also consistent with this business model
when they are infrequent or insignificant in value.

4

Cash flow criterion
The cash flow criterion is satisfied if the contractual terms of the
debt instrument give rise, on specified dates, to cash flows that are
solely repayments of principal and interest on the principal amount
outstanding.
The criterion is not met in the event of a contractual characteristic
that exposes the holder to risks or to the volatility of contractual
cash flows that are inconsistent with those of a non‑structured or
“basic lending” arrangement. It is also not satisfied in the event of
leverage that increases the variability of the contractual cash flows.
Interest consists of consideration for the time value of money, for the
credit risk, and for the remuneration of other risks (e.g. liquidity risk),
costs (e.g. administration fees), and a profit margin consistent with
that of a basic lending arrangement. The existence of negative
interest does not call into question the cash flow criterion.
The time value of money is the component of interest - usually
referred to as the “rate” component - which provides consideration
for only the passage of time. The relationship between the interest
rate and the passage of time must not be modified by specific
characteristics that could call into question the respect of the cash
flow criterion.
Thus, when the variable interest rate of the financial asset is
periodically reset at a frequency that does not match the duration
for which the interest rate is established, the time value of money
may be considered as modified and, depending on the significance of
that modification, the cash flow criterion may not be met. Some
financial assets held by the Group present a mismatch between the
interest rate reset frequency and the maturity of the index, or
interest rates indexed to an average of benchmark rate. The Group
has developed a consistent methodology for analysing this alteration
of the time value of money.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

201

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Regulated rates meet the cash flow criterion when they provide
consideration that is broadly consistent with the passage of time and
do not expose to risks or volatility in the contractual cash flows that
would be inconsistent with those of a basic lending arrangement
(example: loans granted in the context of Livret A savings accounts).

The “financial assets at amortised cost” category includes, in
particular, loans granted by the Group, as well as reverse repurchase
agreements and securities held by the Group ALM Treasury in order
to collect contractual flows and meeting the cash flow criterion.

Some contractual clauses may change the timing or the amount of
cash flows. Early redemption options do not call into question the
cash flow criterion if the prepayment amount substantially
represents the principal amount outstanding and the interest
thereon, which may include reasonable compensation for the early
termination of the contract. For example, as regards loans to retail
customers, the compensation limited to 6 months of interest or 3%
of the capital outstanding is considered reasonable. Actuarial
penalties, corresponding to the present value of the difference
between the residual contractual cash flows of the loan, and their
reinvestment in a loan to a similar counterparty or in the interbank
market for a similar residual maturity are also considered as
reasonable, even when the compensation can be positive or negative
(i.e. “symmetric” compensation). An option that permits the issuer or
the holder of a financial instrument to change the interest rate from
floating to fixed rate does not breach the cash flow criterion if the
fixed rate is determined at origination, or if it represents the time
value of money for the residual maturity of the instrument at the
date of exercise of the option. Clauses included in financing granted
to encourage the sustainable development of companies which
adjust the interest margin depending on the achievement of
environmental, social or governance (ESG) objectives and disclosed
in chapter 7 of the Universal registration document, do not call into
question the cash flow criterion when such an adjustment is
considered to be minimal. Structured instruments indexed to ESG
market indices do not meet the cash flow criterion.

On initial recognition, financial assets are recognised at fair value,
including transaction costs directly attributable to the transaction as
well as commissions related to the origination of the loans.

In the particular case of financial assets contractually linked to
payments received on a portfolio of underlying assets and which
include a priority order for payment of cash flows between investors
(“tranches”), thereby creating concentrations of credit risk, a specific
analysis is carried out. The contractual characteristics of the tranche
and those of the underlying financial instrument portfolios must
meet the cash flow criterion and the credit risk exposure of the
tranche must be equal to or lower than the exposure to credit risk of
the underlying pool of financial instruments.
Certain loans may be “non‑recourse”, either contractually, or in
substance when they are granted to a special purpose entity. That is
in particular the case of numerous project financing or asset
financing loans. The cash flow criterion is met as long as these loans
do not represent a direct exposure on the assets acting as collateral.
In practice, the sole fact that the financial asset explicitly gives rise
to cash flows that are consistent with payments of principal and
interest is not sufficient to conclude that the instrument meets the
cash flow criterion. In that case, the particular underlying assets to
which there is limited recourse shall be analysed using the
“look‑through” approach. If those assets do not themselves meet the
cash flow criterion, the existing credit enhancement is assessed. The
following aspects are considered: structuring and sizing of the
transaction, own funds level of the structure, expected source of
repayment, price volatility of the underlying assets.

202

Recognition

They are subsequently measured at amortised cost, including
accrued interest and net of repayments of principal and interest
during the past period. These financial assets are also subject from
their initial recognition, to the measurement of a loss allowance for
expected credit losses (note 1.f.5).
Interest is calculated using the effective interest method determined
at inception of the contract.

1.f.2

Financial assets at fair value through
shareholders’ equity

Debt instruments
Debt instruments are classified at fair value through shareholders’
equity if the following two criteria are met:
■ business model criterion: financial assets are held in a business

model whose objective is achieved by both holding the financial
assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and selling the
financial assets (“collect and sale”). The latter is not incidental
but is an integral part of the business model;
■ cash flow criterion: the principles are identical to those

applicable to financial assets at amortised cost.
The securities held by the Group ALM Treasury in order to collect
contractual flows or to be sold and meeting the cash flow criterion
are in particular classified in this category.
On initial recognition, financial assets are recognised at their fair
value, including transaction costs directly attributable to the
transaction. They are subsequently measured at fair value and
changes in fair value are recognised, under a specific line of
shareholders’ equity entitled “Changes in assets and liabilities
recognised directly in equity that may be reclassified to profit or
loss”. These financial assets are also subject to the measurement of
a loss allowance for expected credit losses on the same approach as
for debt instruments at amortised cost. The counterparty of the
related impact in cost of risk is recognised in the same specific line
of shareholders’ equity. On disposal, changes in fair value previously
recognised in shareholders’ equity are reclassified to profit or loss.
In addition, interest is recognised in the income statement using the
effective interest method determined at the inception of the
contract.

Equity instruments
Investments in equity instruments such as shares are classified on
option, and on a case‑by‑case basis, at fair value through shareholders’
equity (under a specific line). On disposal of the shares, changes in fair
value previously recognised in equity are not recognised in profit or
loss. Only dividends, if they represent remuneration for the investment
and not repayment of capital, are recognised in profit or loss. These
instruments are not subject to impairment.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Investments in mutual funds puttable to the issuer do not meet the
definition of equity instruments. They do not meet the cash flow
criterion either, and thus are recognised at fair value through profit or
loss.

1.f.3

Financing and guarantee commitments

Financing and financial guarantee commitments that are not
recognised at fair value through profit or loss are presented
respectively in notes 6.a and 6.b. They are subject to the
measurement of a loss allowance for expected credit losses. These
loss allowances are presented under “Provisions for contingencies
and charges”.
The Group may issue performance guarantees in conjunction with
integral indemnity agreements that provide the Group the right to
claim back any amounts paid out from the party whose
non‑performance would have led to the guarantee being called. This
type of commitment exposes the Group to credit risk and therefore
results in the recognition of expected credit losses.

1.f.4

Regulated savings and loan contracts

Home savings accounts (Comptes Épargne‑Logement – “CEL”) and
home savings plans (Plans d’Épargne Logement – “PEL”) are
government‑regulated retail products sold in France. They combine
a savings phase and a loan phase which are inseparable, with the
loan phase contingent upon the savings phase.
These products contain two types of obligations for BNP Paribas: an
obligation to pay interest on the savings for an indefinite period, at a
rate set by the government at the inception of the contract (in the
case of PEL products) or at a rate reset every six months using an
indexation formula set by law (in the case of CEL products); and an
obligation to lend to the customer (at the customer’s option) an
amount contingent upon the rights acquired during the savings
phase, at a rate set at the inception of the contract (in the case of
PEL products) or at a rate contingent upon the savings phase (in the
case of CEL products).
The Group’s future obligations with respect to each generation (in
the case of PEL products, a generation comprises all products with
the same interest rate at inception; in the case of CEL products, all
such products constitute a single generation) are measured by
discounting potential future earnings from at‑risk outstandings for
that generation.

The investment rate for savings and the refinancing rate for loans
are derived from the swap yield curve and from the spreads
expected on financial instruments of similar type and maturity.
Spreads are determined on the basis of actual spreads on fixed‑rate
home loans in the case of the loan phase and products offered to
individual clients in the case of the savings phase. In order to reflect
the uncertainty of future interest rate trends, and the impact of such
trends on customer behaviour models and on at‑risk outstandings,
the obligations are estimated using the Monte‑Carlo method.
Where the sum of the Group’s estimated future obligations with
respect to the savings and loan phases of any generation of
contracts indicates a potentially unfavourable situation for the
Group, a provision is recognised (with no offset between generations)
in the balance sheet in “Provisions for contingencies and charges”.
Movements in this provision are recognised as interest income in the
profit and loss account.

1.f.5

Impairment of financial assets
measured at amortised cost and debt
instruments measured at fair value
through shareholders’ equity

General model
The Group identifies three “stages” that each correspond to a
specific status with regards to the evolution of counterparty credit
risk since the initial recognition of the asset.
■ 12‑month expected credit losses (“stage 1”): if at the reporting

date, the credit risk of the financial instrument has not
increased significantly since its initial recognition, this
instrument is impaired at an amount equal to 12‑month
expected credit losses (resulting from the risk of default within
the next 12 months);

At‑risk outstandings are estimated on the basis of a historical
analysis of customer behaviour, and are equivalent to:
■ for the loan phase: statistically probable loans outstanding and

■ Lifetime expected credit losses for credit‑impaired or doubtful

■ for the savings phase: the difference between statistically

probable outstandings and minimum expected outstandings,
with minimum expected outstandings being deemed equivalent
to unconditional term deposits.
Earnings for future periods from the savings phase are estimated as
the difference between the investment rate and the fixed savings
interest rate on at‑risk savings outstanding for the period in
question. Earnings for future periods from the loan phase are
estimated as the difference between the refinancing rate and the
fixed loan interest rate on at‑risk loans outstanding for the period in
question.

4

The impairment model for credit risk is based on expected losses.
This model applies to loans and debt instruments measured at
amortised cost or at fair value through equity, to loan commitments
and financial guarantee contracts that are not recognised at fair
value, as well as to lease receivables, trade receivables and contract
assets.

expected credit losses for non‑impaired assets
(“stage 2”): the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal
to the lifetime expected credit losses if the credit risk of the
financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
recognition, but the financial asset is not considered
credit‑impaired or doubtful;

actual loans outstanding;

4

■ Lifetime

financial assets (“stage 3”): the loss allowance is also measured
for an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses.
This general model is applied to all instruments within the scope of
IFRS 9 impairment, except for purchased or originated
credit‑impaired financial assets and instruments for which a
simplified model is used (see below).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

203

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

The IFRS 9 expected credit loss approach is symmetrical, i.e. if
lifetime expected credit losses have been recognised in a previous
reporting period, and if it is assessed in the current reporting period
that there is no longer any significant increase in credit risk since
initial recognition, the loss allowance reverts to a 12‑months
expected credit loss.
As regards interest income, under “stages” 1 and 2, it is calculated
on the gross carrying amount. Under “stage 3”, interest income is
calculated on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount
adjusted for the loss allowance).

Definition of default

Assessment of deterioration is based on the comparison of the
probabilities of default derived from the ratings on the date of initial
recognition with those existing at the reporting date.
There is also, according to the standard, a rebuttable presumption
that the credit risk of an instrument has significantly increased since
initial recognition when the contractual payments are more than
30 days past due.

The definition of default is aligned with the Basel regulatory default
definition, with a rebuttable presumption that the default occurs no
later than 90 days past due. This definition takes into account the
EBA guidelines of 28 September 2016, notably those regarding the
thresholds applicable for the counting of past‑due and probation
periods.

In the consumer credit specialist business, a significant increase in
credit risk is also considered when a past due event has occurred
within the last 12 months, even if it has since been regularised.
From 2024, this specificity no longer applies to most exposures in
the eurozone.

The definition of default is used consistently for assessing the
increase in credit risk and measuring expected credit losses.

The approaches applied to assess the significant increase in credit
risk are detailed in note 2.g Cost of risk.

Credit‑impaired or doubtful financial assets

Measurement of expected credit losses

Definition

Expected credit losses are defined as an estimate of credit losses (i.e.
the present value of all cash shortfalls) weighted by the probability
of occurrence of these losses over the expected life of the financial
instruments. They are measured on an individual basis, for all
exposures.

A financial asset is considered credit‑impaired or doubtful and
classified in “stage 3” when one or more events that have a
detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that
financial asset have occurred.
At an individual level, objective evidence that a financial asset is
credit‑impaired includes observable data regarding the following
events: the existence of accounts that are more than 90 days past
due; knowledge or indications that the borrower is experiencing
significant financial difficulties, such that a risk can be considered to
have arisen regardless of whether the borrower has missed any
payments; concessions with respect to the credit terms granted to
the borrower that the lender would not have considered had the
borrower not been in financial difficulty (see section Restructuring of
financial assets for financial difficulties).
Specific cases of purchased or originated credit‑impaired
assets
In some cases, financial assets are credit‑impaired at initial
recognition.
For these assets, no loss allowance is recorded on initial recognition.
The effective interest rate is calculated taking into account the
lifetime expected credit losses in the initial estimated cash flows.
Any change in lifetime expected credit losses since initial
recognition, positive or negative, is recognised as a loss allowance
adjustment in profit or loss.

Simplified model
The simplified approach consists in accounting for a loss allowance
corresponding to lifetime expected credit losses since initial
recognition, and at each reporting date.
The Group applies this model to trade receivables with a maturity
shorter than 12 months.

Significant increase in credit risk
A significant increase in credit risk may be assessed on an individual
basis or on a collective basis (by grouping financial instruments

204

according to common credit risk characteristics), taking into account
all reasonable and supportable information and comparing the risk
of default of the financial instrument at the reporting date with the
risk of default of the financial instrument at the date of initial
recognition.

In practice, for exposures classified in stage 1 and stage 2, expected
credit losses are measured as the product of the probability of
default (“PD”), Loss Given Default (“LGD”) and Exposure at Default
(“EAD”), discounted at the effective interest rate of the exposure
(EIR). They result from the risk of default within the next 12 months
(stage 1), or from the risk of default over the maturity of the facility
(stage 2). In the consumer credit specialist business, because of the
specificity of credit exposures, the methodology used is based on the
probability of transition to term forfeiture, and on discounted loss
rates after term forfeiture. These parameters are measured on a
statistical basis for homogeneous populations. From 2024, this
specificity no longer applies to most exposures in the Eurozone.
For exposures classified in stage 3, expected credit losses are
measured as the value, discounted at the effective interest rate, of
all cash shortfalls over the life of the financial instrument. Cash
shortfalls represent the difference between the cash flows that are
due in accordance with the contract, and the cash flows that are
expected to be received. Where appropriate, the estimate of expected
cash flows takes into account a cash flow scenario arising from the
sale of the defaulted loans or groups of loans. Proceeds from the
sale are recorded net of costs to sell.
The methodology developed is based on existing concepts and
methods (in particular the Basel framework) on exposures for which
capital requirement for credit risk is measured according to the
Internal Ratings‑Based Approach (IRBA) methodology. This method is
also applied to portfolios for which capital requirement for credit risk
is measured according to the standardised approach. Besides, the
Basel framework has been adjusted in order to be compliant with
IFRS 9 requirements, in particular the use of forward‑looking
information.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Maturity
All contractual terms of the financial instrument are taken into
account, including prepayment, extension and similar options. In the
rare cases where the expected life of the financial instrument cannot
be estimated reliably, the residual contractual term is used. The
standard specifies that the maximum period to consider when
measuring expected credit losses is the maximum contractual
period. However, for revolving credit cards and overdrafts, in
accordance with the exception provided by IFRS 9 for these products,
the maturity considered for measuring expected credit losses is the
period over which the entity is exposed to credit risk, which may
extend beyond the contractual maturity (notice period). For revolving
credits and overdrafts to non‑retail counterparties, the contractual
maturity can be used, for example if the next review date is the
contractual maturity as they are individually managed.
Probabilities of Default (PD)
Probability of Default is an estimate of the likelihood of default over
a given time horizon.
The determination of the PD is based on the Group’s internal rating
system, which is described in chapter 5 of the Universal registration
document (section 5.4 Credit risk – Credit risk management policy).
This section describes how Environmental, social and governance
(ESG) risks are taken into account in credit and rating policies,
notably with the introduction of a new tool: the ESG Assessment.
The measurement of expected credit losses requires the estimation
of both 1‑year probabilities of default and lifetime probabilities of
default.
1‑year PDs are derived from long term average regulatory “through
the cycle” PDs to reflect the current situation and macroeconomic
scenarios (“Point in Time” or “PIT”).
Lifetime PDs are determined based on the rating migration matrices
reflecting the expected changes in the rating of the exposure until
maturity, and the associated probabilities of default.
Loss Given Default (LGD)
Loss Given Default is the difference between contractual cash flows
and expected cash‑flows, discounted using the effective interest rate
(or an approximation thereof) at the default date. LGD is expressed
as a percentage of the Exposure at Default (EAD).
The estimate of expected cash flows takes into account cash flows
resulting from the sale of collateral held or other credit
enhancements if they are part of the contractual terms and are not
accounted for separately by the entity (for example, a mortgage
associated with a residential loan), net of the costs of obtaining and
selling the collateral.
For guaranteed loans, the guarantee is considered as integral to the
loan agreement if it is embedded in the contractual clauses of the
loan, or if it was granted concomitantly to the loan, and if the
expected reimbursement amount can be attached to a loan in
particular (i.e. absence of pooling effect by means of a tranching
mechanism, or the existence of a global cap for a whole portfolio). In
such case, the guarantee is taken into account when measuring the
expected credit losses. Otherwise, it is accounted for as a separate
reimbursement asset.

4

The LGD used for IFRS 9 purposes is derived from the Basel LGD
parameters. It is adjusted for downturn and conservatism margins
(in particular regulatory margins), except for margins for model
uncertainties. For corporate clients, this LGD is determined
considering macroeconomic scenarios.
Exposure at Default (EAD)
Exposure at Default (EAD) of an instrument is the anticipated
outstanding amount owed by the obligor at the time of default. It is
determined by the expected payment profile taking into account,
depending on the product type: the contractual repayment schedule,
expected early repayments and expected future drawings for
revolving facilities.
Forward‑looking information
The amount of expected credit losses is measured on the basis of
probability‑weighted scenarios, in view of past events, current
conditions and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts.
From 31 December 2024, forward‑looking information specifically
takes into account risks related to climate change transition, in
particular through the use of long‑term scenarios.
The approaches applied to take into account forward‑looking
information when measuring expected credit losses are detailed in
note 2.g Cost of risk.

4

Write‑offs
A write‑off consists in reducing the gross carrying amount of a
financial asset when there are no longer reasonable expectations of
recovering that financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof, or
when it has been fully or partially forgiven. The write‑off is recorded
when all other means available to the Bank for recovering the
receivables or guarantees have failed, and also generally depends on
the context specific to each jurisdiction.
If the amount of loss on write‑off is greater than the accumulated
loss allowance, the difference is recognised as an additional
impairment loss in “Cost of risk”. For any recovery once the financial
asset (or part thereof) is no longer recognised on the balance sheet,
the amount received is recorded as a gain in “Cost of risk”.

Recoveries through the repossession
of the collateral
When a loan is secured by a financial or a non‑financial asset
serving as a guarantee and the counterparty is in default, the Group
may decide to exercise the guarantee and, depending on the
jurisdiction, it may then become owner of the asset. In such a
situation, the loan is written‑off against the asset received as
collateral.
Once ownership of the asset is effective, it is recognised at fair value
and classified according to the intent of use.

Restructuring of financial assets for financial
difficulties
A restructuring due to the borrower’s financial difficulties is defined
as a change in the terms and conditions of the initial transaction
that the Group is considering only for economic or legal reasons
related to the borrower’s financial difficulties.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

205

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

For restructurings not resulting in derecognition of the financial
asset, the restructured asset’s gross carrying amount is reduced to
the discounted amount, using the original effective interest rate of
the asset, of the new expected future flows. The change in the gross
carrying amount of the asset is recorded in the income statement in
“Cost of risk”.
The existence of a significant increase in credit risk for the financial
instrument is then assessed by comparing the risk of default after
the restructuring (under the revised contractual terms) and the risk
of default at the initial recognition date (under the original
contractual terms). In order to demonstrate that the criteria for
recognising lifetime expected credit losses are no longer met, good
payment behaviour will have to be observed over a certain period of
time.
When the restructuring consists of a partial or total exchange
against other substantially different assets (for example, the
exchange of a debt instrument against an equity instrument), it
results in the extinction of the original asset and the recognition of
the assets remitted in exchange, measured at their fair value at the
date of exchange. The difference in value is recorded in the income
statement in “Cost of risk”.
Modifications to financial assets that are not due to a borrower’s
financial difficulties, or granted in the context of a moratorium (i.e.
commercial renegotiations) are generally analysed as the early
repayment of the former loan, which is then derecognised, followed
by the set‑up of a new loan at market conditions. If there is no
significant repayment penalty, they consist in resetting the interest
rate of the loan at market conditions, with the client being in a
position to change lender and not encountering any financial
difficulties.

1.f.7

Trading portfolio and other financial assets
measured at fair value through profit or loss
The trading portfolio includes instruments held for trading (trading
transactions), including derivatives.
Other financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
include debt instruments that do not meet the “collect” or “collect
and sale” business model criterion or that do not meet the cash flow
criterion, as well as equity instruments for which the fair value
through shareholders’ equity option has not been retained. Finally
financial assets may be designated as at fair value through profit or
loss if this enables the entity to eliminate or significantly reduce a
mismatch in the measurement and accounting treatment of assets
and liabilities that would otherwise arise if they were to be classified
in separate categories.
All those financial instruments are measured at fair value at initial
recognition, with transaction costs directly posted in profit or loss. At
the reporting date, they are measured at fair value, with changes
presented in “Net gain/loss on financial instruments at fair value
through profit or loss”. Income, dividends, and realised gains and
losses on disposal related to held‑for‑trading transactions are
accounted for in the same profit or loss account.

Financial liabilities designated as at fair value
through profit or loss
Financial liabilities are recognised under option in this category in
the two following situations:
■ for hybrid financial instruments containing one or more

embedded derivatives which otherwise would have been
separated and accounted for separately. An embedded
derivative is such that its economic characteristics and risks are
not closely related to those of the host contract;

Probation periods
The Group applies observation periods to assess the possible return
to a better stage. Accordingly, a 3‑month probation period is
observed for the transition from stage 3 to stage 2 which is extended
to 12 months in the event of restructuring due to financial
difficulties.
For the transition from stage 2 to stage 1, a probation period of two
years is observed for loans that have been restructured due to
financial difficulties.

1.f.6

Cost of risk

Cost of risk includes the following items of profit or loss:
■ impairment gains and losses resulting from the accounting of

loss allowances for 12‑month expected credit losses and
lifetime expected credit losses (“stage 1” and “stage 2”) relating
to debt instruments measured at amortised cost or at fair value
through shareholders’ equity, loan commitments and financial
guarantee contracts that are not recognised at fair value as
well as lease receivables, contract assets and trade receivables;

■ when using the option enables the entity to eliminate or

significantly reduce a mismatch in the measurement and
accounting treatment of assets and liabilities that would
otherwise arise if they were to be classified in separate
categories.
Changes in fair value due to the own credit risk are recognised under
a specific heading of shareholders’ equity.

1.f.8

Financial liabilities and equity
instruments

A financial instrument issued or its various components are
classified as a financial liability or equity instrument, in accordance
with the economic substance of the legal contract.

loss allowances relating to financial assets (including those at
fair value through profit or loss) for which there is objective
evidence of impairment (“stage 3”), write‑offs on irrecoverable
loans and amounts recovered on loans written‑off.

Financial instruments issued by the Group are qualified as debt
instruments if the entity in the Group issuing the instruments has a
contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset to
the holder of the instrument. The same applies if the Group is
required to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with
another entity under conditions that are potentially unfavourable to
the Group, or to deliver a variable number of the Group’s own equity
instruments.

It also includes expenses relating to fraud and to disputes inherent
to the financing activity.

Equity instruments result from contracts evidencing a residual
interest in an entity’s assets after deducting all of its liabilities.

■ impairment gains and losses resulting from the accounting of

206

Financial instruments at fair value
through profit or loss

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Debt securities and subordinated debt

4

■ as derivatives if they are settled in cash or by choice by

Debt securities and subordinated debt are measured at amortised
cost unless they are recognised at fair value through profit or loss.

physical delivery of the shares or in cash. Changes in value of
such instruments are taken to the profit and loss account.

Debt securities are initially recognised at the issue value including
transaction costs and are subsequently measured at amortised cost
using the effective interest method.

If the contract includes an obligation, whether contingent or not, for
the bank to repurchase its own shares, the Bank recognises the debt
at its present value with an offsetting entry in shareholders’ equity.

Issued bonds redeemable or convertible into own equity may contain
a debt component and an equity component, determined upon initial
recognition of the transaction. In this case, they will be qualified as
compound financial instruments.

1.f.9

In this respect, the Group has elected to record contingent
convertible bonds issued, without maturity, when convertible into a
variable number of own shares on the occurrence of a
predetermined trigger event (e.g. a decrease in the solvency ratio
below a threshold), as compound instruments, to the extent that the
coupons on these bonds are paid discretionarily.

Equity instruments
The term “own equity instruments” refers to shares issued by the
parent company (BNP Paribas SA) and by its fully consolidated
subsidiaries. External costs that are directly attributable to an issue
of new shares are deducted from equity net of all related taxes.
Own equity instruments held by the Group, also known as treasury
shares, are deducted from consolidated shareholders’ equity
irrespective of the purpose for which they are held. Gains and losses
arising on such instruments are eliminated from the consolidated
profit and loss account.
When the Group acquires equity instruments issued by subsidiaries
under the exclusive control of BNP Paribas, the difference between
the acquisition price and the share of net assets acquired is recorded
in retained earnings attributable to BNP Paribas shareholders.
Similarly, the liability corresponding to put options granted to
minority shareholders in such subsidiaries, and changes in the value
of that liability, are offset against minority interests, with any surplus
offset against retained earnings attributable to BNP Paribas
shareholders. Until these options have been exercised, the portion of
net income attributable to minority interests is allocated to minority
interests in the profit and loss account. A decrease in the Group’s
interest in a fully consolidated subsidiary is recognised in the
Group’s accounts as a change in shareholders’ equity.
Financial instruments issued by the Group and classified as equity
instruments (notably the undated super subordinated notes) are
presented in the balance sheet in “Capital and retained earnings”.
Distributions from a financial instrument classified as an equity
instrument are recognised directly as a deduction from equity.
Similarly, the transaction costs of an instrument classified as equity
are recognised as a deduction from shareholders’ equity.
Own equity instrument derivatives are treated as follows, depending
on the method of settlement:
■ as equity instruments if they are settled by physical delivery of

a fixed number of own equity instruments for a fixed amount of
cash or other financial asset. Such instruments are not
revalued;

Hedge accounting

The Group retained the option provided by the standard to maintain
the hedge accounting requirements of IAS 39 until the future
standard on macro‑hedging is entered into force. Furthermore,
IFRS 9 does not explicitly address the fair value hedge of the interest
rate risk on a portfolio of financial assets or liabilities. The provisions
in IAS 39 for these portfolio hedges, as adopted by the European
Union, continue to apply.
Derivatives contracted as part of a hedging relationship are
designated according to the purpose of the hedge.
Fair value hedges are particularly used to hedge interest rate risk on
fixed‑rate assets and liabilities, both for identified financial
instruments (securities, debt issues, loans, borrowings) and for
portfolios of financial instruments (in particular, demand deposits
and fixed‑rate loans).

4

Cash flow hedges are particularly used to hedge interest rate risk on
floating‑rate assets and liabilities, including rollovers, and foreign
exchange risks on highly probable forecast foreign currency
revenues.
At the inception of the hedge, the Group prepares formal
documentation which details the hedging relationship, identifying
the instrument, or portion of the instrument, or portion of risk that is
being hedged, the hedging strategy and the type of risk hedged, the
hedging instrument, and the methods used to assess the
effectiveness of the hedging relationship.
On inception and at least quarterly, the Group assesses, in
consistency with the original documentation, the actual
(retrospective) and expected (prospective) effectiveness of the
hedging relationship. Retrospective effectiveness tests are designed
to assess whether the ratio of actual changes in the fair value or
cash flows of the hedging instrument to those in the hedged item is
within a range of 80% to 125%. Prospective effectiveness tests are
designed to ensure that expected changes in the fair value or cash
flows of the derivative over the residual life of the hedge adequately
offset those of the hedged item. For highly probable forecast
transactions, effectiveness is assessed largely on the basis of
historical data for similar transactions.
Under IAS 39 as adopted by the European Union, which excludes
certain provisions on portfolio hedging, interest rate risk hedging
relationships based on portfolios of assets or liabilities qualify for fair
value hedge accounting as follows:
■ the risk designated as being hedged is the interest rate risk

associated with the interbank rate component of interest rates
on commercial banking transactions (loans to customers,
savings accounts and demand deposits);
■ the instruments designated as being hedged correspond, for

each maturity band, to a portion of the interest rate gap
associated with the hedged underlying;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

207

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

■ the hedging instruments used consist exclusively of “plain

vanilla” swaps;
■ prospective hedge effectiveness is established by the fact that

all derivatives must, on inception, have the effect of reducing
interest rate risk in the portfolio of hedged underlying.
Retrospectively, a hedge will be disqualified from hedge
accounting once a shortfall arises in the underlying specifically
associated with that hedge for each maturity band (due to
prepayment of loans or withdrawals of deposits).
The accounting treatment of derivatives and hedged items depends
on the hedging strategy.
In a fair value hedging relationship, the derivative instrument is
remeasured at fair value in the balance sheet, with changes in fair
value recognised in profit or loss in “Net gain/loss on financial
instruments at fair value through profit or loss”, symmetrically with
the remeasurement of the hedged item to reflect the hedged risk. In
the balance sheet, the fair value remeasurement of the hedged
component is recognised in accordance with the classification of the
hedged item in the case of a hedge of identified assets and liabilities,
or under “Remeasurement adjustment on interest rate risk hedged
portfolios” in the case of a portfolio hedging relationship.
If a hedging relationship ceases or no longer fulfils the effectiveness
criteria, the hedging instrument is transferred to the trading book
and accounted for using the treatment applied to this category. In
the case of identified fixed‑income instruments, the remeasurement
adjustment recognised in the balance sheet is amortised at the
effective interest rate over the remaining life of the instrument. In
the case of interest rate risk hedged fixed‑income portfolios, the
adjustment is amortised on a straight‑line basis over the remainder
of the original term of the hedge. If the hedged item no longer
appears in the balance sheet, in particular due to prepayments, the
adjustment is taken to the profit and loss account immediately.
In a cash flow hedging relationship, the derivative is measured at fair
value in the balance sheet, with changes in fair value taken to
shareholders’ equity on a separate line, “Changes in fair value
recognised directly in equity”. The amounts taken to shareholders’
equity over the life of the hedge are transferred to the profit and loss
account under “Net interest income” as and when the cash flows
from the hedged item impact profit or loss. The hedged items
continue to be accounted for using the treatment specific to the
category to which they belong.
If the hedging relationship ceases or no longer fulfils the
effectiveness criteria, the cumulative amounts recognised in
shareholders’ equity as a result of the remeasurement of the
hedging instrument remain in equity until the hedged transaction
itself impacts profit or loss, or until it becomes clear that the
transaction will not occur, at which point they are transferred to the
profit and loss account.

Hedges of net foreign currency investments in subsidiaries and
branches are accounted for in the same way as cash flow hedges.
Hedging instruments may be foreign exchange derivatives or any
other non‑derivative financial instrument.

1.f.10 Determination of fair value
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid
to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants in the principal market or most advantageous market, at
the measurement date.
The Group determines the fair value of financial instruments either
by using prices obtained directly from external data or by using
valuation techniques. These valuation techniques are primarily
market and income approaches encompassing generally accepted
models (e.g. discounted cash flows, Black‑Scholes model, and
interpolation techniques). They maximise the use of observable
inputs and minimise the use of unobservable inputs. They are
calibrated to reflect current market conditions and valuation
adjustments are applied as appropriate, when some factors such as
model, liquidity and credit risks are not captured by the models or
their underlying inputs but are nevertheless considered by market
participants when setting the exit price.
The unit of measurement is the individual financial asset or financial
liability but a portfolio‑based measurement can be elected, subject
to certain conditions. Accordingly, the Group retains this
portfolio‑based measurement exception to determine the fair value
when some group of financial assets and financial liabilities and
other contracts within the scope of the standard relating to financial
instruments with substantially similar and offsetting market risks or
credit risks is managed on the basis of a net exposure, in accordance
with the documented risk management strategy.
Assets and liabilities measured or disclosed at fair value are
categorised into the three following levels of the fair value hierarchy:
■ Level 1: fair values are determined using directly quoted prices

in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
Characteristics of an active market include the existence of a
sufficient frequency and volume of activity and of readily
available prices;
■ Level 2:

fair values are determined based on valuation
techniques for which significant inputs are observable market
data, either directly or indirectly. These techniques are regularly
calibrated and the inputs are corroborated with information
from active markets;

■ Level 3: fair values are determined using valuation techniques

If the hedged item ceases to exist, the cumulative amounts
recognised in shareholders’ equity are immediately taken to the
profit and loss account.
Whatever the hedging strategy used, any ineffective portion of the
hedge is recognised in the profit and loss account under “Net gain/
loss on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss”.

208

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

for which significant inputs are unobservable or cannot be
corroborated by market‑based observations, due for instance to
illiquidity of the instrument and significant model risk. An
unobservable input is a parameter for which there are no
market data available and that is therefore derived from
proprietary assumptions about what other market participants
would consider when assessing fair value. The assessment of
whether a product is illiquid or subject to significant model
risks is a matter of judgment.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the asset or
liability is categorised in its entirety is based upon the lowest level
input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement.
For financial instruments disclosed in Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy, and marginally some instruments disclosed in Level 2, a
difference between the transaction price and the fair value may arise
at initial recognition. This “Day One Profit” is deferred and released
to the profit and loss account over the period during which the
valuation parameters are expected to remain non‑observable. When
parameters that were originally non‑observable become observable,
or when the valuation can be substantiated in comparison with
recent similar transactions in an active market, the unrecognised
portion of the day one profit is released to the profit and loss
account.

1.f.11 Derecognition of financial assets and
financial liabilities
Derecognition of financial assets
The Group derecognises all or part of a financial asset when the
contractual rights to the cash flows of the asset expire, or when the
Group transfers the asset – either on the basis of a transfer of the
contractual rights to its cash flows, or by retaining the contractual
rights to receive the cash flows of the asset while assuming an
obligation to pay the cash flows of the asset under an eligible
pass‑through arrangement – as well as substantially all the risks
and rewards of the asset.
Where the Group has transferred the cash flows of a financial asset
but has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks
and rewards of ownership of the financial asset and has not in
practice retained control of the financial asset, the Group
derecognises the financial asset and then records separately, if
necessary, an asset or liability representing the rights and
obligations created or held as part of the transfer of the asset. If the
Group has retained control of the financial asset, it maintains it on
its balance sheet to the extent of its continuing involvement in that
asset.
Upon the derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, a gain or
loss on disposal is recognised in the profit and loss account for an
amount equal to the difference between the carrying amount of the
asset and the value of the consideration received, adjusted where
appropriate for any unrealised gain or loss previously recognised
directly in equity.
If all these conditions are not met, the Group retains the asset in its
balance sheet and recognises a liability for the obligations arising on
the transfer of the asset.

Derecognition of financial liabilities
The Group derecognises all or part of a financial liability when the
liability is extinguished, i.e. when the obligation specified in the
contract is extinguished, cancelled or expired. A financial liability
may also be derecognised in the event of a substantial change in its
contractual terms or if exchanged with the lender for an instrument
with substantially different contractual terms.

Repurchase agreements and securities lending/
borrowing
Securities temporarily sold under repurchase agreements continue

4

to be recognised in the Group’s balance sheet in the category of
securities to which they belong. The corresponding liability is
recognised at amortised cost under the appropriate “Financial
liabilities at amortised cost” category on the balance sheet, except in
the case of repurchase agreements contracted for trading purposes,
for which the corresponding liability is recognised in “Financial
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss”.
Securities temporarily acquired under reverse repurchase
agreements are not recognised in the Group’s balance sheet. The
corresponding receivable is recognised at amortised cost under the
appropriate “Financial assets at amortised cost” category in the
balance sheet, except in the case of reverse repurchase agreements
contracted for trading purposes, for which the corresponding
receivable is recognised in “Financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss”.
Securities lending transactions do not result in derecognition of the
lent securities, and securities borrowing transactions do not result in
recognition of the borrowed securities on the balance sheet. In cases
where the borrowed securities are subsequently sold by the Group,
the obligation to deliver the borrowed securities on maturity is
recognised on the balance sheet under “Financial liabilities at fair
value through profit or loss”.

4

1.f.12 Offsetting financial assets and financial
liabilities
A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net
amount presented in the balance sheet if, and only if, the Group has
a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts, and
intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and
settle the liability simultaneously.
Repurchase agreements and derivatives that meet the two criteria
set out in the accounting standard are offset in the balance sheet.

1.g INSURANCE ACTIVITIES
1.g.1

Investments related to insurance
activities

IFRS 9 is applied in the same way as to other Group entities (see
note 1.f).
Investments of insurance activities include investment property
which are measured at fair value as underlying assets of direct
participating contracts.

1.g.2

Insurance contracts

The Group applies IFRS 17 to insurance contracts issued, reinsurance
contracts issued and held, and discretionary investment contracts
issued (if the entity also issues insurance contracts).
The main insurance contracts issued by the Group correspond to:
■ contracts covering risks related to persons or property: creditor

protection insurance contracts, protection contracts, contracts
covering other non‑life risks (automobile, multi‑risk housing,
etc.). These contracts are measured according to the general
measurement model (Building Block Approach - BBA) or the
premium allocation approach (PAA) for contracts eligible for
this method;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

209

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

■ life or savings contracts: euro‑denominated and multiple saving

contracts (invested in a general fund and in unit‑linked
accounts) with or without insurance risk including a
discretionary participating component and unit‑linked contracts
with a floor guarantee in the event of death. These contracts
are measured using the variable fee approach (VFA).
A reinsurance contract (or treaty) is an insurance contract by which
an insurer (ceding company or cedent) transfers part of its risks to a
reinsurer. The Group acts as reinsurer by accepting risks related to
persons or property from external insurers and as ceding company
by transferring such risks to external reinsurers. Contracts may be
proportional or non‑proportional depending on the nature of the
risks and the appetite for the risk accepted or retained. They are
measured either according to the general model or according to the
premium allocation approach since the standard prohibits the use of
the variable fee approach for reinsurance contracts.

The insurance risks covered by Group entities are:
■ either risks related to physical person: mortality (guarantees in

the event of death), longevity (guarantees in the event of
survival, e.g. life annuities), morbidity (guarantees in the event
of disability), permanent disability, health (medical coverage),
unemployment of physical persons; or
■ risks of damage to property and civil liability.

The methods for measuring and recognising these various contracts
according to the measurement model adopted are set out below.

Life or savings contracts issued by Group entities are qualified as
insurance contracts if they include a risk in the event of survival
(pension contracts with compulsory annuities) or a risk in the event
of death (unit‑linked contracts with a floor guarantee in the event of
death and savings contracts with a guarantee of an additional
amount payable in the event of death). In the absence of such risks,
these contracts are investment contracts with or without
discretionary participating features.

These contracts are described in note 5.d Assets and liabilities
related to insurance contracts.

Investment contracts with discretionary participating
features

Prior separation of components covered by other
standards and not closely related

Investment contracts do not expose the insurer to significant
insurance risk. They are within the scope of IFRS 17 if they are issued
by entities that also issue insurance contracts.

Investment contracts without discretionary participating features
and without insurance risk backed by unit‑linked underlying assets
are measured at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with
IFRS 9.

When insurance or investment contracts with discretionary
participation include components, which would fall within the scope
of another standard if they were separate contracts, an analysis
must be carried out to determine whether these components should
be accounted for separately. Thus:
■ an embedded derivative is separated from the host insurance

contract and accounted for under IFRS 9 when its economic
characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the
host contract;
■ an investment component corresponds to the amount that the

insurer is required to repay to the insured in all cases whether
the insured event occurs or not. It is separated from the host
insurance contract and accounted for under IFRS 9 when it is
distinct from the host insurance contract and when equivalent
contracts could be sold separately in the same market or legal
area. It is not separated if it is closely linked to the host
contract. Changes in a non‑distinct investment component (and
in particular related payments) are not recognised in the profit
and loss account;
■ a promise to transfer to the policyholder distinct goods or

services other than the services of the insurance contract is
separated from the host insurance contract and accounted for
under IFRS 15.
Insurance contracts
An insurance contract is a contract under which a party, the issuer,
assumes a significant insurance risk for another party, the
policyholder, by agreeing to indemnify the policyholder if a specified
uncertain future event, the insured event, is detrimental to the
policyholder.

210

An insurance risk is significant if, and only if, an insured event can
cause the insurer to pay significant additional amounts in any
scenario, excluding scenarios that are devoid of commercial
substance. A contract transfers a significant insurance risk only if
there is a scenario with a commercial substance in which there is a
possibility that the issuer will incur a loss based on the present
value.

Discretionary participation is defined as the contractual right to
receive, in addition to an amount that is not at the issuer’s
discretion, additional amounts that are likely to represent a
significant portion of the total benefits provided under the contract.
Benefits, for which the timing or amount is contractually left to the
issuer’s discretion and that are contractually based on the returns
arising from a defined set of contracts or type of contract or on the
realised and/or unrealised investment returns from a defined set of
assets held by the issuer, or the result of the entity or fund issuing
the contract.
Savings contracts invested in a euro‑denominated fund and multiple
saving contracts invested in unit‑linked assets and in a
euro‑denominated fund are considered by the Group as investment
contracts with discretionary participating features, measured using
the variable fee approach.

Accounting and measurement
Aggregation of contracts
Insurance contracts are accounted and measured by groups of
contracts within portfolios of contracts covering similar risks and
managed together. Groups of contracts are determined according to
their expected profitability at inception: onerous contracts, profitable
contracts with a low risk of becoming onerous, and others. A group of
contracts may contain only contracts issued no more than one year
apart (corresponding to an annual “cohort”), except where the
optional exemption provided for in the European regulation applies,
which is the case for life‑savings contracts, as described below.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

For creditor protection insurance, personal protection insurance and
other non‑life risks, the Group uses the following discriminatory
criteria when constructing portfolios of homogeneous contracts:
legal entity, nature of the risks and partner, distributor. The
reinsurance contracts accepted shall follow the same principles.
For life and savings contracts, the Group uses the following criteria
for portfolios of homogeneous contracts: legal entity, product and
underlying assets. Savings and retirement contracts are classified in
separate portfolios (including in the period prior to the transition)
due to the existence of a risk of longevity in retirement contracts.
For reinsurance contracts held, the Group uses the following criteria:
legal entity, underlying item and counterparty. A portfolio can
sometimes correspond to a single reinsurance treaty.
Recognition and derecognition
A group of insurance contracts (or reinsurance contracts issued) is
recognised from the earliest of the following dates: the beginning of
the period of coverage of the group of contracts, the date on which
the first payment of a policyholder in the group becomes due (or, in
the absence of such a date, when the first payment is received) and,
in the case of a group of onerous contracts, the date on which the
group becomes onerous.
A group of reinsurance contracts held is recognised from the
beginning of the period of coverage of the group of reinsurance
contracts held or, if the reinsurance was contracted in anticipation of
the coverage of an underlying group of onerous insurance contracts,
on the first recognition of that onerous group.
On initial recognition of portfolios of insurance contracts acquired as
part of a business combination or a separate transfer, groups of
contracts acquired are treated as if the contracts had been issued at
the date of the transaction. The consideration received or paid in
exchange for the contracts is treated as an approximation of the
premiums received for the purpose of calculating the contractual
service margin at initial recognition from this amount. In the case of
a business combination within the scope of IFRS 3, the consideration
received or paid is the fair value of the contracts at that date. For
business combinations that have occurred since the first application
of IFRS 17, this fair value has been determined by projecting the
liabilities valuation under the Solvency 2 prudential approach which
constitutes a market benchmark. For onerous contracts, the excess
of the fulfilment cash flows over the consideration paid or received is
recognised in the goodwill (or the profit resulting from an acquisition
on advantageous terms) if it is a business combination and in a
separate transfer, in the profit and loss account. For profitable
contracts, the difference is recorded as a contractual service margin.
In addition, an asset for cash flows related to acquisition costs must
be recognised, for its fair value, for the acquisition costs related to
the renewal of existing insurance contracts or for the acquisition
costs already paid by the acquired company for future contracts.
An insurance contract shall be derecognised when the obligation it
covers is extinguished, by payment or maturity, or if the terms of the
contract are amended in such a way that the accounting treatment
of the contract would have been substantially different if those
amendments had originally existed. The derecognition of a contract
entails the adjustment of the fulfilment cash flows, the contractual
services margin and the coverage units of the group in which it was
included.

4

General measurement model
(Building Block Approach – BBA)

Characteristics
The general model for the measurement of insurance contracts is
the best estimate of the future cash flows to be paid or received
necessary to meet contractual obligations. This estimate should
reflect the different possible scenarios and the effect of the options
and guarantees included in the contracts within the limit or
“contract boundary”. The determination of this contract boundary
requires an analysis of the rights and obligations arising from the
contract and, in particular, of the insurer’s ability to change its price
to reflect the risks. This leads, for example, to the exclusion of tacit
renewals if the tariff can be amended or to the inclusion of such
renewals if not.
Cash flows are discounted to reflect the time value of money. They
correspond only to cash flows attributable to insurance contracts
either directly or through allocation methods: premiums, acquisition
and contract management costs, claims and benefits, indirect costs,
taxes and depreciation of tangible and intangible assets.
The cash flows estimate is supplemented by an explicit risk
adjustment to cover the uncertainty of cash flows for non‑financial
risk. These two elements constitute the fulfilment cash flows of the
contracts. A contractual service margin is added representing the
expected gain or loss on future services related to a group of
contracts.

4

If the contractual service margin is positive, it is shown on the
balance sheet within the insurance contract’s measurement and
amortised as the services are rendered; if negative, it is recognised
immediately in the income statement. The original loss (or “loss
component”) is monitored extra‑accounting to allow for the
subsequent recognition of the insurance service revenue.
Acquisition costs are deducted from the contractual service margin
of the group of contracts to which they relate and amortised over
the coverage period of contracts.
At each reporting date, the carrying amount of a group of insurance
contracts is the sum of the liabilities for the remaining coverage
which include the fulfilment cash flows related to future services
(best estimate and risk adjustment) and the contractual service
margin remaining at that date, and of the liabilities for incurred
claims which include the best estimate of the cash flows and the risk
adjustment, excluding any contractual service margin. The
assumptions used to estimate future cash flows and the
non‑financial risks adjustment are updated, as well as the discount
rate, to reflect the situation at the reporting date.
The contractual service margin is adjusted for changes in the
estimates of non‑financial assumptions related to future services,
capitalised at the inception rate, and then amortised in the income
statement for services rendered over the period in the insurance
service revenue. In the case of contracts which become onerous,
after consumption of the contractual service margin, the loss is
recognised in the reporting period. In the case of onerous contracts
that become profitable again as a result of favourable changes in
assumptions, the contractual service margin is only reconstitued
after offsetting the loss component.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

211

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

The release of expected fulfillment flows (cash flow estimates and
risk adjustments) for the period, except for the amount allocated to
the loss component, is recorded in insurance service revenue. The
change in estimates related to past service (cash flow estimates and
risk adjustments) is recognised in “Insurance service expenses”.
The Group includes the change in the adjustment for non‑financial
risk related to past and current services in its entirety in the
“Insurance service result”.
The Group records in equity the effect of the change in the discount
rate on the cash flows. The expense of unwinding the discount is
recorded in “Insurance financial income or expenses” based on the
initial rate (the inception rate for the liability for remaining coverage,
and the rate at claims occurrence date for the liability for incurred
claims). The difference between the value of liabilities discounted at
the rate fixed at initial date and the value of those same liabilities
estimated using current discount rate is recognised in equity. The
effect on liabilities of changes in financial variables, in particular the
indexation of benefits under the contract, is also recognised in
equity.
The discount rate is based on the risk‑free rate adjusted for the
illiquidity of the liabilities. For protection, the liquidity premium is
currently valued at zero due to the short settlement period for
claims on the main risks covered and non‑transferability to
policyholders of the illiquidity of liabilities.
The risk adjustment is determined using the quantile method.
The coverage unit used to amortise the contractual service margin is
derived from the risk premium earned during the period.

Contracts concerned
Contracts covering personal or property risks (creditor protection
insurance, protection and other non‑life risks) are measured
according to the general model when the contract boundary,
expected changes in cash flows and the time value effect over the
coverage period do not make them eligible under the simplified
approach, or by operational choice (a single measurement model for
short and long contracts).
Measurement model for contracts with direct participation
features (Variable Fee Approach – VFA)

Characteristics
Direct participating contracts are insurance or investment contracts
for which:
■ the contractual terms specify that the policyholder is entitled to

a share of a clearly defined portfolio of underlying assets;
■ the

insurer expects to pay the policyholder a sum
corresponding to a substantial portion of the return on the fair
value of the underlying assets;

■ the insurer expects that any change in the amounts to be paid

to the policyholder is, in a substantial proportion, attributable
to the change in the fair value of the underlying assets.
Compliance with these conditions is monitored on the underwriting
date and is not reviewed later.

At each reporting date, liabilities related to these contracts are
adjusted for the return earned and changes in the fair value of the
underlying assets: the policyholders’ share is recorded in the
contract fulfilment cash flows against insurance financial income or
expense and the insurer’s share corresponding to the variable fee is
included in the contractual service margin.
The contractual service margin is also adjusted for the effect of
changes in cash flows that do not vary according to the returns on
the underlying assets and that relate to future services: estimation of
cash flows, risk adjustment, changes in the time value effect of
money and changes in the financial risks that do not result from the
underlying assets (for example, the effect of financial guarantees).
Changes in the fulfillment cash flows that do not change in
connection with the yields of underlying assets and that relate to
past service events are recognised in the profit and loss account.
This is the case for management fees and attributable costs.
Acquisition cash flows are deducted from the contractual service
margin of the group of contracts to which they relate and amortised
over the coverage period of the contracts, as in the general model.
Due to the mechanism for allocating the change in the value of the
underlying assets between the policyholders and the insurer, the
result of these contracts is in principle mainly represented by the
release of the fulfilment cash flows and the amortisation of the
contractual service margin. When the underlying assets fully support
the liabilities and are measured at fair value through profit or loss,
the financial result under these contracts should be nil. The Group
has chosen the option of reclassifying in shareholders’ equity the
change in the liabilities related to the underlying assets that are not
measured at fair value through profit or loss.
Life and savings contracts meeting the above definition of direct
participating contracts are valued using the variable fee approach.
When these contracts include a surrender value, it meets the
definition of a non‑distinct investment component and changes in
that investment component (including related payments) are
therefore not recognised in the income statement.
The Group has chosen to apply the option introduced by the
European regulation not to divide the portfolios of participating
contracts based on intergenerational mutualisation by annual
cohort. As a result of this choice, the assessment of the onerousness
is made on the basis of the portfolio and not on the basis of the
annual cohorts.
The contract boundary includes future payments as long as the
applicable pricing is not modifiable (e.g. acquisition or management
loadings), as well as the annuity phase in service when contracts
provide for a mandatory annuity or optional (in this case, the option
is probabilistic).
The discount rate is based on the risk‑free rate, extrapolated over
the duration exceeding the period for which observable data are
available and adjusted by a liquidity premium on the basis of the
underlying assets to reflect the illiquidity of the liabilities.

For these contracts, for which the insurer has to pay the policyholder
an amount corresponding to the fair value of clearly identified
underlying assets, less a variable compensation, a specific model
(called the “Variable Fee Approach”) has been developed by adapting
the general model.

212

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

The risk adjustment is determined by combining the cost of capital
method without considering the risk of mass lapses, including future
payments and considering only attributable costs, and the quantile
method for the free payment component.
The coverage unit used to amortise the contractual service margin is
the change in savings due to policyholders (determined at present
value), adjusted to take into account the impact of the real return on
financial or property assets compared with the actuarial neutral risk
projection.

Contracts concerned
Insurance contracts and investment contracts with discretionary
participating features backed by pools of underlying assets commonly
referred to as “general funds” or “policyholders’ funds” that
correspond to pools of assets isolated analytically, contractually or in
regulation, as well as unit‑linked contracts with a floor guarantee in
case of death and multiple saving contracts backed by assets such as
a “general fund”, are measured using the variable fee approach.
The option provided for in the European regulation related to the
annual cohort exemption is applied to insurance contracts and
investment contracts with discretionary participation features where
the policyholders’ profit‑sharing is mutualised between the different
generations of policyholders: these are euro‑denominated or multiple
saving contracts including a euro‑denominated fund, in France, Italy
and Luxembourg.

the option to classify the effect of changes in the discount rate into
equity is also applicable. The Group has retained this option for the
liabilities for incurred claims.
At each reporting date, the adjustment of liabilities for remaining
coverage and for incurred claims is recognised in profit or loss.

Contracts concerned
Creditor protection insurance, personal protection insurance and
other non‑life insurance contracts, are measured using the simplified
approach if the conditions are met (unless the general model is
chosen for operational reasons).
Treatment of the reinsurance

Reinsurance contracts issued (reinsurance accepted)
Reinsurance accepted shall be treated as insurance contracts issued,
either in the general model or in the simplified model, depending on
the duration of the reinsurance contracts.
The Group accepts mainly risks corresponding to those it covers as a
direct insurer under proportional or non‑proportional treaties.

Reinsurance contracts held (reinsurance ceded)

The liabilities for incurred claims are measured using the variable
fee approach if they are sensitive to changes in the value of the
underlying assets and the general model if they are not.

The reinsurance ceded is also treated according to the general or
simplified model, but the equivalent of the contractual service
margin represents the expected gain or loss on the reinsurance and
may be positive or negative. If a reinsurance contract offsets the
losses of an underlying group of onerous contracts, the reinsurance
gain is recognised immediately in profit or loss. This “loss recovery
component” is used to record amounts that are subsequently
presented in net income.

Simplified measurement model (Premium Allocation
Approach – PAA)

In addition, contract execution flows include the reinsurer’s risk of
non‑performance.

Characteristics

The Group cedes on reinsurance the risks it wishes to hedge (for
example, non‑proportional treaties covering peak risk, the risk of
accumulation or exceeding the desired retention) or under the
risk‑sharing framework of proportional treaties for technical or
commercial reasons.

Short‑term contracts (less than one year) may be measured using a
simplified approach known as the premium allocation approach, also
applicable to longer‑term contracts if it leads to results similar to
those of the general model in terms of liability for the remaining
coverage.
Contracts with a long contract boundary, where significant changes
in cash flows are expected over the coverage period, or where the
time value effect over the coverage period is material, are not
eligible for the simplified approach.
For profitable contracts, the liability for the remaining coverage
corresponds to the deferral of premiums collected according to a
profile representing the remaining coverage at the reporting date.
For onerous contracts, deferred premiums are supplemented by an
estimate of the expected loss over the coverage period. Liabilities for
incurred claims are valued according to the general model. In this
case, the method used to determine the risk adjustment is the same
as for the general model.
The Group has chosen the option of deferring acquisition costs over
the coverage duration and therefore presenting them as a deduction
of the deferred premiums, except where the coverage of the
contracts coincides with the calendar year or the deferred
acquisition costs are not material.
Liabilities for incurred claims are discounted if the expected
settlement of claims takes place after one year from the date of
occurrence. The discount expense is recognised in insurance
financial income or expenses as in the general model. In this case,

4

4

The reinsurance contracts held are measured by the Group using the
simplified approach or the general model.

Presentation in the balance sheet and
in the profit and loss
The Group has chosen to present the investments of insurance
activities and their results separately from the financial assets and
liabilities of banking activities.
Financial income or expenses from issued insurance contracts are
presented separately between the profit and loss account and
shareholders’ equity for portfolios for which this breakdown has
been deemed relevant, as allowed by the standard. For the
Protection contracts liabilities measured under the general model
and for the liabilities for incurred claims arising from contracts
measured under the simplified model, this choice for portfolios
classification was made by taking into account both the effects in the
profit and loss account of the undiscounting of the liabilities and the
accounting treatment of the assets backing them. For contracts
measured using the variable fee approach, this choice was made to
offset any accounting mismatch that may exist in the profit and loss
account between the effect of changes in fair value from insurance
or investment liabilities and that from the underlying assets when
these are not recognised at fair value through profit or loss.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

213

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Insurance contracts may be distributed and managed by
non‑insurance entities of the Group that are remunerated as such by
commissions paid by insurance entities. The measurement model for
insurance contracts requires projecting in the contract fulfilment
cash flows the acquisition and management costs that will be paid
in the future and presenting in the profit and loss account, the
release of the estimated costs for the period on the one hand, and on
the other, the actual costs. For commissions between consolidated
companies in the Group, the Group restates the internal margin on
the balance sheet and in the profit and loss account (in the
breakdown of insurance liabilities and the related results between
cash flows and contractual service margin) by presenting as
insurance service expenses the portion of the general expenses
(excluding internal margins) of the banking entities that can be
attributed to the insurance activity. The internal distributors’
margins are determined based on standardised management data
for each of the related networks.

Effect of accounting estimates in interim financial
statements
The Group has elected under IFRS 17 to record in its annual financial
statements the effects of changes in accounting estimates relating to
insurance contracts issued or held, without taking into account
estimates previously made in its interim financial statements.

1.h PROPERTY, PLANT, EQUIPMENT
AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets shown in the
consolidated balance sheet are composed of assets used in
operations and investment property. Rights‑of‑use related to leased
assets (see note 1.i.2) are presented by the lessee within fixed assets
in the same category as similar assets held.
Assets used in operations are those used in the provision of services
or for administrative purposes, and include non‑property assets
leased by the Group as lessor under operating leases.
Investment property comprises property assets held to generate
rental income and capital gains.
Investment property is recognised at cost, except for those held as
underlying assets under participating direct contracts (as amended
by IAS 40), which are measured at fair value through profit or loss
and presented in the balance sheet under “Investments related to
insurance activities” (see note 1.g.1).
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are initially
recognised at purchase price plus directly attributable costs,
together with borrowing costs where a long period of construction or
adaptation is required before the asset can be brought into service.
By way of exception, property occupied by the holder entity that is
an underlying component of direct participating contracts is
measured at fair value (by amendment to IAS 16).
Software developed internally by the BNP Paribas Group that fulfils
the criteria for capitalisation is capitalised at direct development
cost, which includes external costs and the labour costs of
employees directly attributable to the project.
Subsequent to initial recognition, property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets are measured at cost less accumulated
depreciation or amortisation and any impairment losses.

214

The depreciable amount of property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets is calculated after deducting the residual value of
the asset. Only assets leased by the Group as the lessor under
operating leases are presumed to have a residual value, as the useful
life of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets used in
operations is generally the same as their economic life.
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are depreciated
or amortised using the straight‑line method over the useful life of
the asset. Depreciation and amortisation expense is recognised in
the profit and loss account under “Depreciation, amortisation and
impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets”.
Where an asset consists of a number of components which may
require replacement at regular intervals, or which have different
uses or generate economic benefits at different rates, each
component is recognised separately and depreciated using a method
appropriate to that component. The BNP Paribas Group has adopted
the component‑based approach for property used in operations and
for investment property.
The depreciation periods used for office property are as follows:
80 years or 60 years for the shell (for prime and other property
respectively); 30 years for facades; 20 years for general and
technical installations; and 10 years for fixtures and fittings.
Software is amortised, depending on its type, over periods of no
more than 8 years in the case of infrastructure developments and
3 years or 5 years in the case of software developed primarily for the
purpose of providing services to customers.
Software maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. However,
expenditure that is regarded as upgrading the software or extending
its useful life is included in the initial acquisition or production cost.
Depreciable property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are
tested for impairment if there is an indication of potential impairment
at the balance sheet date. Non‑depreciable assets are tested for
impairment at least annually, using the same method as for goodwill
allocated to cash‑generating units.
If there is an indication of impairment, the new recoverable amount
of the asset is compared with the carrying amount. If the asset is
found to be impaired, an impairment loss is recognised in the profit
and loss account. This loss is reversed in the event of a change in
the estimated recoverable amount or if there is no longer an
indication of impairment. Impairment losses are taken to the profit
and loss account in “Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets”.
Gains and losses on disposals of property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets used in operations are recognised in the profit and
loss account in “Net gain on non‑current assets”.
Gains and losses on disposals of investment property are recognised
in the profit and loss account in “Income from other activities” or
“Expense on other activities”.

1.i

LEASES

Group companies may either be the lessee or the lessor in a lease
agreement.

1.i.1

Group company as lessor

Leases contracted by the Group as lessor are categorised as either
finance leases or operating leases.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Finance leases
In a finance lease, the lessor transfers substantially all the risks and
rewards of ownership of an asset to the lessee. It is treated as a loan
made to the lessee to finance the purchase of the asset.
The present value of the lease payments, plus any residual value, is
recognised as a receivable. The net income earned from the lease by
the lessor is equal to the amount of interest on the loan and is taken
to the profit and loss account under “Interest income”. The lease
payments are spread over the lease term and are allocated to
reduction of the principal and to interest such that the net income
reflects a constant rate of return on the net investment outstanding
in the lease. The rate of interest used is the rate implicit in the lease.
Impairments of lease receivables are determined using the same
principles as applied to financial assets measured at amortised cost.

Operating leases

The key hypotheses used by the Group for the measurement of rights
of use and lease liabilities are the following:
■ the lease term corresponds to the non‑cancellable period of the

contract, together with periods covered by an extension option
if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise this option. In
France, the standard commercial lease contract is the so‑called
“three, six, nine” contract for which the maximum period of use
is nine years, with a first non‑cancellable period of three years
followed by two optional extension periods of three years each;
hence, depending on the assessment, the selected lease term
can be of three, six or nine years, depending on the reasonably
foreseeable economic duration of the contracts. When
investments like fittings or fixtures are performed under the
contract, the lease term is aligned with their useful lives. For
tacitly renewable contracts, with or without an enforceable
period, related right of use and lease liabilities are recognised
based on an estimate of the reasonably foreseeable economic
life of the contracts, minimal occupation period included;

An operating lease is a contract under which most of the risks and
rewards of ownership of the leased asset are not transferred to the
lessee.

■ the discount rate used to measure the right of use and the lease

The leased asset is initially recognised by the lessor as a tangible
asset for its acquisition price less residual value and subsequently
depreciated on a straight‑line basis over its useful life. The asset
depreciation charge and lease payments are recognised in profit and
loss over the lease term respectively in "Income from other
activities” and "Expense on other activities” line items.

liability is assessed for each contract as the interest rate
implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined, or
more generally based on the incremental borrowing rate of the
lessee at the date of signature. The incremental borrowing rate
is determined considering the average term (duration) of the
contract;

Vehicles leased by the Group and classified under operating leases
are assets with an average lease term of between one and five years.

■ when the contract is modified, a new assessment of the lease

The cost of acquiring these assets includes their purchase price, as
well as any directly attributable costs necessary to make the vehicle
available to the lessee customers. Residual value is a statistical
model estimate of the resale value of the asset and is reestimated at
each reporting date, taking into account, in particular, historical data
on the sale of vehicles in the second‑hand market and the specific
context of each geographical area. In the event of a change in the
amount of the residual value of the asset relative to its estimated
value, a forward‑looking adjustment to the depreciation plan is made
vehicle by vehicle.

1.i.2

Group company as lessee

Lease contracts concluded by the Group, with the exception of
contracts whose term is shorter than or equal to 12 months and
low‑value contracts, are recognised in the balance‑sheet in the form
of a right‑of‑use on the leased asset presented under fixed assets,
along with the recognition of a financial liability for the rent and
other payments to be made over the leasing period. The right of use
assets is amortised on a straight‑line basis and the financial
liabilities are amortised on an actuarial basis over the lease period.
Dismantling costs corresponding to specific and significant fittings
and fixtures are included in the initial right‑of‑use estimation, in
counterparty of a provision liability.

4

4

liability is made taking into account the new residual term of
the contract, and therefore a new assessment of the right of use
and the lease liability is established.

1.j

ASSETS HELD FOR SALE AND
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

Where the Group decides to sell assets or a group of assets and
liabilities and it is highly probable that the sale will occur within
12 months, these assets are shown separately in the balance sheet,
on the line “Assets held for sale”. Any liabilities associated with these
assets are also shown separately in the balance sheet, on the line
“Liabilities associated with assets held for sale”. When the Group is
committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary and
the sale is highly probable within 12 months, all the assets and
liabilities of that subsidiary are classified as held for sale.
Once classified in this category, assets and the group of assets and
liabilities are measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value
less costs to sell.
Such assets are no longer depreciated. If an asset or group of assets
and liabilities becomes impaired, an impairment loss is recognised in
the profit and loss account. Impairment losses may be reversed.
Where a group of assets and liabilities held for sale represents a
cash generating unit, it is categorised as a “discontinued operation”.
Discontinued operations include operations that are held for sale,
operations that have been shut down, and subsidiaries acquired
exclusively with a view to resell.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

215

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

In this case, gains and losses related to discontinued operations are
shown separately in the profit and loss account, on the line “Net
income from discontinued activities”. This line includes after tax
profits or losses of discontinued operations, after tax gain or loss
arising from remeasurement at fair value less costs to sell, and after
tax gain or loss on disposal of the operation.

1.k

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

Employee benefits are classified into four categories:
■ short‑term benefits, such as salary, annual leave, incentive

plans, profit‑sharing and additional payments;
■ long‑term

benefits, including compensated absences,
long‑service awards, and other types of cash‑based deferred
compensation;

■ termination benefits;
■ post‑employment benefits, including top‑up banking industry

pensions and retirement bonuses in France and pension plans
in other countries, some of which are operated through pension
funds.

Short‑term benefits
The Group recognises an expense when it has used services
rendered by employees in exchange for employee benefits.

Long‑term benefits
These are benefits, other than short‑term benefits, post‑employment
benefits and termination benefits. This relates, in particular, to
compensation deferred for more than 12 months and not linked to
the BNP Paribas share price, which is accrued in the financial
statements for the period in which this compensation is earned.
The actuarial techniques used are similar to those used for
defined‑benefit post‑employment benefits, except that the
revaluation items are recognised in the profit and loss account and
not in equity.

Termination benefits
Termination benefits are employee benefits payable in exchange for
the termination of an employee’s contract as a result of either a
decision by the Group to terminate a contract of employment before
the legal retirement age, or a decision by an employee to accept
voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. Termination
benefits due more than 12 months after the balance sheet date are
discounted.

Post‑employment benefits
In accordance with IFRS, the BNP Paribas Group draws a distinction
between defined‑contribution plans and defined‑benefit plans.
Defined‑contribution plans do not give rise to an obligation for the
Group and do not require a provision. The amount of the employer’s
contributions payable during the period is recognised as an expense.
Only defined‑benefit schemes give rise to an obligation for the
Group. This obligation must be measured and recognised as a
liability by means of a provision.

216

The classification of plans into these two categories is based on the
economic substance of the plan, which is reviewed to determine
whether the Group has a legal or constructive obligation to pay the
agreed benefits to employees.
Post‑employment benefit obligations under defined‑benefit plans are
measured using actuarial techniques that take demographic and
financial assumptions into account.
The net liability recognised with respect to post‑employment benefit
plans is the difference between the present value of the
defined‑benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets (if any).
The present value of the defined‑benefit obligation is measured on
the basis of the actuarial assumptions applied by the Group, using
the projected unit credit method. This method takes into account
various parameters, specific to each country or Group entity, such as
demographic assumptions, the probability that employees will leave
before retirement age, salary inflation, a discount rate, and the
general inflation rate.
When the value of the plan assets exceeds the amount of the
obligation, an asset is recognised if it represents a future economic
benefit for the Group in the form of a reduction in future
contributions or a future partial refund of amounts paid into the
plan.
The annual expense recognised in the profit and loss account under
“Salaries and employee benefits”, with respect to defined‑benefit
plans includes the current service cost (the rights vested by each
employee during the period in return for service rendered), the net
interests linked to the effect of discounting the net defined‑benefit
liability (asset), the past service cost arising from plan amendments
or curtailments, and the effect of any plan settlements.
Remeasurements of the net defined‑benefit liability (asset) are
recognised in shareholders’ equity and are never reclassified to
profit or loss. They include actuarial gains and losses, the return on
plan assets and any change in the effect of the asset ceiling
(excluding amounts included in net interest on the defined‑benefit
liability or asset).

1.l

SHARE‑BASED PAYMENTS

Share‑based payment transactions are payments based on shares
issued by the Group, whether the transaction is settled in the form of
equity or cash of which the amount is based on trends in the value of
BNP Paribas shares.

Stock option and share award plans
The expense related to stock option and share award plans is
recognised over the vesting period, if the benefit is conditional upon
the grantee’s continued presence at the vesting date.
Stock options and share award expenses are recorded under salary
and employee benefits expenses, with a corresponding adjustment to
shareholders’ equity. They are calculated on the basis of the overall
plan value, determined at the date of grant by the Board of directors.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

In the absence of any market for these instruments, financial
valuation models are used that take into account any performance
conditions related to the BNP Paribas share price. The total expense
of a plan is determined by multiplying the unit value per option or
share awarded by the estimated number of options or shares
awarded vested at the end of the vesting period, taking into account
the conditions regarding the grantee’s continued employment.
The only assumptions revised during the vesting period, and hence
resulting in a remeasurement of the expense, are those relating to
the probability that employees will leave the Group and those
relating to performance conditions that are not linked to the price
value of BNP Paribas shares.

Share price‑linked cash‑settled deferred
compensation plans
The expense related to these plans is recognised in the year during
which the employee rendered the corresponding services.
If the payment of share‑based variable compensation is explicitly
subject to an enforceable condition consisting in the employee’s
continued presence at the vesting date, the services are presumed to
have been rendered during the vesting period and the corresponding
compensation expense is recognised on a pro rata basis over that
period. The expense is recognised under salary and employee
benefits expenses with a corresponding liability in the balance sheet.
It is revised to take into account any non‑fulfilment of the continued
presence or performance conditions and the change in BNP Paribas
share price.
If there is no continued presence enforceable condition, the expense
is not deferred, but recognised immediately with a corresponding
liability in the balance sheet. This is then revised on each reporting
date until settlement to take into account any performance
conditions and the change in the BNP Paribas share price.

1.m PROVISIONS RECORDED UNDER
LIABILITIES
Provisions recorded under liabilities (other than those relating to
financial instruments, employee benefits and insurance contracts)
mainly relate to restructuring, claims and litigation, fines and
penalties.

■ taxable temporary differences on investments in enterprises

under the exclusive or joint control of the Group, where the
Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary
difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary
differences and unused carryforwards of tax losses only to the extent
that it is probable that the entity in question will generate future
taxable profits against which these temporary differences and tax
losses can be offset.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the liability
method, using the tax rate which is expected to apply to the period
when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax
rates and tax laws that have been or will have been enacted by the
balance sheet date of that period. They are not discounted.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they arise within
the same tax group, they fall under the jurisdiction of a single tax
authority, and there is a legal right to offset.
As regards the assessment of uncertainty over income tax
treatments, the Group adopts the following approach:
authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment;
■ any uncertainty shall be reflected when determining the

taxable profit (loss) by considering either the most likely
amount (having the higher probability of occurrence), or the
expected value (sum of the probability‑weighted amounts).
Current and deferred taxes are recognised as tax income or expenses
in the profit and loss account, except for those relating to a
transaction or an event directly recognised in shareholders’ equity,
which are also recognised in shareholders’ equity. This concerns in
particular the tax effect of coupons paid on financial instruments
issued by the Group and qualified as equity instruments, such as
undated super subordinated notes.
When tax credits on revenues from receivables and securities are
used to settle corporate income tax payable for the period, the tax
credits are recognised on the same line as the income to which they
relate. The corresponding tax expense continues to be carried in the
profit and loss account under “Corporate income tax”.
In accordance with the provisions of IAS 12, the Group applies the
mandatory and temporary exception not to recognise deferred taxes
associated with the additional tax resulting from the minimum
income tax applied by international groups.

1.n CURRENT AND DEFERRED TAX

The cash and cash equivalents balance is composed of the net
balance of cash accounts and accounts with central banks, and the
net balance of interbank demand loans and deposits.

Deferred taxes are recognised when temporary differences arise
between the carrying amount of an asset or liability in the balance
sheet and its tax base.

4

■ the Group assesses whether it is probable that a taxation

A provision is recognised when it is probable that an outflow of
resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle an
obligation arising from a past event, and a reliable estimate can be
made of the amount of the obligation. The amount of such
obligations is discounted, where the impact of discounting is
material, in order to determine the amount of the provision.

The current income tax charge is determined on the basis of the tax
laws and tax rates in force in each country in which the Group
operates during the period in which the income is generated.

4

1.o CASH FLOW STATEMENT

Changes in cash and cash equivalents related to operating activities
reflect cash flows generated by the Group’s operations, including
those relating to financial investments of insurance activities and
negotiable certificates of deposit.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary
differences other than:
■ taxable temporary differences on initial recognition of goodwill;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

217

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Changes in cash and cash equivalents related to investing activities
reflect cash flows resulting from acquisitions and disposals of
subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures included in the consolidated
Group, as well as acquisitions and disposals of property, plant and
equipment excluding investment property and property held under
operating leases.
Changes in cash and cash equivalents related to financing activities
reflect the cash inflows and outflows resulting from transactions
with shareholders, cash flows related to bonds and subordinated
debt, and debt securities (excluding negotiable certificates of
deposit).

1.p USE OF ESTIMATES IN THE
PREPARATION OF THE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

■ the assessment of an active market, and the use of internally

developed models for the measurement of the fair value of
financial instruments not quoted in an active market classified
in “Financial assets at fair value through equity”, or in
“Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss”,
whether as assets or liabilities, and more generally calculations
of the fair value of financial instruments subject to a fair value
disclosure requirement;
■ the assumptions applied to assess the sensitivity to each type of

market risk of the market value of financial instruments and the
sensitivity of these valuations to the main unobservable inputs
as disclosed in the notes to the financial statements;
■ the appropriateness of the designation of certain derivative

instruments such as cash flow hedges, and the measurement of
hedge effectiveness;

Preparation of the financial statements requires managers of core
businesses and corporate functions to make assumptions and
estimates that are reflected in the measurement of income and
expense in the profit and loss account and of assets and liabilities in
the balance sheet, and in the disclosure of information in the notes
to the financial statements. This requires the managers in question
to exercise their judgement and to make use of information available
at the date of the preparation of the financial statements when
making their estimates. The actual future results from operations
where managers have made use of estimates may in reality differ
significantly from those estimates, mainly according to market
conditions. This may have a material effect on the financial
statements.

■ impairment tests performed on intangible assets;
■ the estimation of residual assets values under simple lease

agreements. These values are used as a basis for the
determination of depreciation as well as any impairment,
notably in relation to the effect of environmental considerations
on the evaluation of future prices of second‑hand vehicles;
■ the deferred tax assets;
■ the measurement of insurance liabilities and assets, and

investment contracts with discretionary participation, by groups
of contracts, on the basis of discounted and probability
weighted future fulfilment cash flows, based on assumptions
that can be derived from market or entity‑specific data, and the
recognition of the results of such contracts on the basis of the
services rendered over the coverage period;

This applies in particular to:
■ the analysis of the cash flow criterion for specific financial

■ the measurement of uncertainty over income tax treatments

assets;
■ the measurement of expected credit losses. This applies in

particular to the assessment of significant increase in credit
risk, the models and assumptions used to measure expected
credit losses, including those relating to climate risks, the
determination of the different economic scenarios and their
weighting;
■ the analysis of renegotiated loans, in order to assess whether

they should
derecognised;

218

be

maintained

on

the

balance‑sheet

or

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

and other provisions for contingencies and charges. In
particular, while investigations and litigations are ongoing, it is
difficult to foresee their outcome and potential impact.
Provision estimation is established by taking into account all
available information at the date of the preparation of the
financial statements, in particular the nature of the dispute, the
underlying facts, the ongoing legal proceedings and court
decisions, including those related to similar cases. The Group
may also use the opinion of experts and independent legal
advisers to exercise its judgement.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

Note 2 NOTES TO THE PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT FOR THE YEAR
ENDED 2024
2.a

value on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
(excluding accrued interest) is recognised under “Net gain on
financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss”.

NET INTEREST INCOME

The BNP Paribas Group includes in “Interest income” and “Interest
expense” all income and expense calculated using the effective
interest method (interest, fees and transaction costs) from financial
instruments measured at amortised cost and financial instruments
measured at fair value through equity.

Interest income and expense on derivatives accounted for as fair
value hedges are included with the revenues generated by the
hedged item. Similarly, interest income and expense arising from
derivatives used to hedge transactions designated as at fair value
through profit or loss is allocated to the same accounts as the
interest income and expense relating to the underlying transactions.

These items also include the interest income and expense of
non‑trading financial instruments the characteristics of which do not
allow for recognition at amortised cost or at fair value through
equity, as well as of financial instruments that the Group has
designated as at fair value through profit or loss. The change in fair

In the case of a negative interest rates related to loans and
receivables or deposits from customers and credit institutions, they
are accounted for in interest expense or interest income respectively.

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

In millions of euros

Income

Expense

Net

Income

Expense

Net

Financial instruments at amortised cost

69,819

(52,364)

17,455

66,886

(48,617)

18,269

Deposits, loans and borrowings

59,598

(39,095)

20,503

59,019

(36,827)

22,192

815

(1,248)

(433)

681

(1,295)

(614)

Finance leases

3,134

(118)

3,016

2,480

(109)

2,371

Debt securities

6,272

6,272

4,706

(11,903)

(11,903)

(10,386)

(10,386)

2,892

-

2,892

1,856

-

1,856

305

(1,595)

(1,290)

243

(1,454)

(1,211)

Cash flow hedge instruments

3,916

(1,961)

1,955

3,897

(1,741)

2,156

Interest rate portfolio hedge instruments

6,088

(7,497)

(1,409)

6,660

(8,600)

(1,940)

Repurchase agreements

Issued debt securities and subordinated debt
Financial instruments at fair value through equity
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
(Trading securities excluded)

Lease liabilities
TOTAL INTEREST INCOME/(EXPENSE)

4,706

-

(79)

(79)

-

(72)

(72)

83,020

(63,496)

19,524

79,542

(60,484)

19,058

Net interest income notably includes an expense of EUR 36 million
for the year ended 2024, compared with EUR 938 million for the year
ended 2023, due to the adjustment of economic hedges consecutive
to the changes in the TLTRO terms and conditions mentioned below.
Net interest income includes funding costs related to Global
Markets, whose revenues are mainly accounted for in “Net gain on
financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss” (see
note 2.c), as well as to Arval, whose income from operating leases is
presented in note 2.e.
The evolution of the net interest income is therefore to be analysed
in conjunction with those observed for these lines.
Interest income on individually impaired loans amounted to
EUR 338 million for the year ended 2024, compared with
EUR 342 million for the year ended 2023.

4

The Group subscribed to the TLTRO III (Targeted Longer‑Term
Refinancing Operations) programme, as modified by the Governing
Council of the European Central Bank in March 2020, in
December 2020 and in October 2022 (see note 4.g). The Group
achieved the lending performance thresholds that enabled it to
benefit from favourable interest rate conditions applicable for each
of the reference period, namely:
■ over the two special interest periods (i.e. from June 2020 to

June 2022): the average deposit facility rate (“DFR”) -50 basis
points, or -1%;
■ over the next period (i.e. from June 2022 to November 2022):

the average of the DFR between the TLTRO III initial date of
subscription and 22 November 2022, i.e., for the main draws,
-0.36% for the June 2020 tranche and -0.29% for the
March 2021 tranche;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

219

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

■ over the last period (since 23 November 2022): the average of

the DFR between 23 November 2022 and the redemption date.
The average effective interest rate for the latter period was
3.3% (1.64% until 31 December 2022, 3.31% for the year 2023
and 3.89% for the year 2024 until 29 September 2024, the date
of repayment of the last tranche of TLTRO III borrowings).

This floating interest rate is considered as a market rate since it is
applicable to all financial institutions meeting the lending criteria
defined by the European Central Bank. The effective interest rate of
these financial liabilities is determined for each reference period, its
two components (reference rate and margin) being adjustable; it
corresponds to the nominal interest rate. The addition of the last
interest period in October 2022 is part of the European Central
Bank’s monetary policy and is therefore not considered a contractual
amendment according to IFRS 9 but a revision of the market rate.

2.b COMMISSION INCOME AND EXPENSE
Year to 31 Dec. 2024
In millions of euros

Income

Expense

Net

Income

Expense

Net

Customer transactions

5,466

(1,488)

3,978

4,997

(1,250)

3,747

Securities and derivatives transactions

2,619

(2,004)

615

2,483

(1,965)

518

Financing and guarantee commitments

1,267

(92)

1,175

1,155

(189)

966

Asset management and other services

5,549

(431)

5,118

5,176

(367)

4,809

Others

1,295

(1,480)

(185)

1,200

(1,419)

(219)

COMMISSION INCOME AND EXPENSE

16,196

(5,495)

10,701

15,011

(5,190)

9,821

of which net commission income related to trust and
similar activities through which the Group holds or
invests assets on behalf of clients, trusts, pension
and personal risk funds or other institutions

3,243

(410)

2,833

3,133

(360)

2,773

of which commission income and expense on financial
instruments not measured at fair value through profit
or loss

3,421

(311)

3,110

3,133

(453)

2,680

2.c

NET GAIN ON FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

Net gain on financial instruments measured at fair value through
profit or loss includes all profit and loss items relating to financial
instruments held for trading, financial instruments that the Group
has designated as at fair value through profit or loss, non‑trading
equity instruments that the Group did not choose to measure at fair
value through equity, as well as debt instruments whose cash flows
are not solely repayments of principal and interest on the principal
or whose business model is not to collect cash flows nor to collect
cash flows and sell the assets.

220

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

These income items include dividends on these instruments and
exclude interest income and expense from financial instruments
designated as at fair value through profit or loss and instruments
whose cash flows are not only repayments of principal and interest
on the principal or whose business model is not to collect cash flows
nor to collect cash flows and sell the assets, which are presented in
“Net interest income” (see note 2.a).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Financial instruments held for trading

11,633

13,801

Interest rate and credit instruments

(1,406)

8,948

Equity financial instruments

12,794

3,184

Foreign exchange financial instruments

6,269

5,452

Loans and repurchase agreements

(6,048)

(4,515)

24

732

Financial instruments designated as at fair value through profit or loss

(964)

(3,985)

Other financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss

797

565

Impact of hedge accounting

103

(35)

Fair value hedging derivatives

1,677

(1,247)

Hedged items in fair value hedge

(1,574)

1,212

NET GAIN ON FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

11,569

10,346

Other financial instruments

4

mismatches in the terms of hedged and hedging instruments, such
as the frequency and timing of interest rates resetting, the frequency
of payments and the discounting factors, or when hedging
derivatives have a non‑zero fair value at the inception date of the
hedging relationship. Credit valuation adjustments applied to
hedging derivatives are also sources of ineffectiveness.

Gains and losses on financial instruments designated as at fair value
through profit or loss are mainly related to instruments for which
changes in value may be compensated by changes in the value of
economic hedging derivative financial instruments held for trading.
Net gain on financial instruments held for trading in 2024 and 2023
includes a non‑material amount related to the ineffective portion of
cash flow hedges.

4

Cumulated changes in fair value related to discontinued cash flow
hedge relationships, previously recognised in equity and included in
2024 in profit and loss accounts are not material, whether the
hedged item ceased to exist or not.

Potential sources of ineffectiveness can be the differences between
hedging instruments and hedged items, notably generated by

2.d NET GAIN ON FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH EQUITY
In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Net gain on debt instruments

145

(56)

Dividend income on equity instruments

64

84

NET GAIN ON FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH EQUITY

209

28

Interest income from debt instruments is included in note 2.a Net interest income, and impairment losses related to potential issuer default are
included in note 2.g Cost of risk.

2.e

NET INCOME FROM OTHER ACTIVITIES
Year to 31 Dec. 2024

In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Income

Expense

Net

Income

Expense

Net

53

(24)

29

54

(28)

26

Net income from assets held under operating leases

19,556

(15,729)

3,827

15,787

(12,103)

3,684

Net income from property development activities

308

(277)

31

488

(416)

72

Other net income

2,005

(1,515)

490

2,231

(1,778)

453

TOTAL NET INCOME FROM OTHER ACTIVITIES

21,922

(17,545)

4,377

18,560

(14,325)

4,235

Net income from investment property

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

221

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

2.f

OPERATING EXPENSES

In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Salary and employee benefit expense for banking activities

(18,143)

(17,775)

Other operating expenses for banking activities

(9,913)

(11,221)

of which external services and other operating expenses

(8,737)

(8,865)

of which taxes and contributions(1)

(1,176)

(2,356)

Insurance activities non‑attributable costs (note 5.b)

(832)

(758)

Reclassification of expenses incurred by internal distributors attributable to insurance
contracts

1,085

1,041

(27,803)

(28,713)

OPERATING EXPENSES

(1) Contributions to the Single Resolution Fund, including exceptional contributions, amounted to EUR 5 million for the year ended 2024 compared with
EUR 1,002 million for the year ended 2023.

Taxes and contributions, including those related to insurance
activities, amounted to EUR 1,273 million for the year ended 2024
(compared with EUR 2,442 million for the year ended 2023). This is
due in particular to the absence of contributions collection for the
Single Resolution Fund in 2024.
Expenses directly attributable to insurance contracts are presented
in “Net income from insurance activities”. These costs consist mainly
of distribution commissions paid for the acquisition of the contracts
and other costs necessary for handling the contracts. They are
included in the fulfilment expenses within the “Insurance service
result” (see note 5.a).
Expenses attributable to insurance contracts include the operating
expenses incurred by the Group banking networks to distribute
insurance contracts. Related costs are assessed on the basis of the
commissions paid by the insurance entities to the internal
distributors less their margin. These costs are excluded from
“Operating expenses” to be included in the contracts fulfilment cash
flows through the “Reclassification of expenses incurred by internal
distributors attributable to insurance contracts”.
Operating costs not directly attributable to insurance contracts are
included in “Operating expenses”.

Significant increase in credit risk
At 31 December 2022, BNP Paribas revised its criteria for assessing
the significant increase in credit risk in line with the
recommendations issued by the European Banking Authority and the
European Central Bank.
Under these criteria, credit risk is assumed to have significantly
increased, and the asset is classified in stage 2, if the probability of
default to maturity of the instrument has increased at least threefold
since its origination. This relative variation criterion is supplemented
by an absolute variation criterion of the default probability of
400 basis points.
Furthermore, for all portfolios (except for the consumer credit
specialist business):
■ the facility is assumed to be in stage 1 when its 1‑year “Point in

Time” probability of default (PiT PD), including forward‑looking
information, is below 0.3% at the reporting date, since changes
in probability of default due to credit downgrades in this zone
are not material, and therefore not considered “significant”;
■ when the 1‑year PiT PD is greater than 20% at the reporting

date, given the Group’s credit issuance practices, the
deterioration is considered significant, and the facility is
classified in stage 2 (as long as the facility is not
credit‑impaired).

Reconciliation by type and by function of insurance activities
operating expenses is presented in note 5.b.

2.g COST OF RISK
The general model for impairment described in note 1.f.5 used by
the Group relies on the following two steps:
■ assessing whether there has been a significant increase in

credit risk since initial recognition; and
■ measuring impairment allowance as either 12‑month expected

credit losses or lifetime expected credit loss (i.e. loss expected
at maturity).
Both steps rely on forward‑looking information.

222

In the consumer credit specialist business, the existence of a
payment incident during the last 12 months, potentially regularised,
is considered to be an indication of significant increase in credit risk
and the facility is therefore classified in stage 2. From 2024, this
specificity no longer applies to most exposures in the Eurozone.
Credit risk is assumed to have increased significantly since initial
recognition and the asset is classified in stage 2 in the event of late
payment of more than 30 days or restructuring due to financial
difficulties (as long as the facility is not credit‑impaired). Since
31 December 2023, performing corporate clients placed under credit
watch are systematically downgraded to stage 2.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

In 2022, the internal ratings of the Russian counterparties (including
the sovereign rating) were systematically downgraded to take into
account the geopolitical situation of the country, thus leading to the
transfer of their outstandings to stage 2. However, given the Group’s
limited level of exposure to this country, this deterioration had no
significant effect on the cost of risk.

Macroeconomic scenarios
The four macroeconomic scenarios are defined over a three‑year
projection horizon. They correspond to:
■ a baseline scenario, which describes the most likely path of the

Regarding the measurement of expected credit losses, the Group has
chosen to use 4 macroeconomic scenarios by geographic area
covering a wide range of potential future economic conditions:

economy over the projection horizon. This scenario is updated
on a quarterly basis and is prepared by the Group Economic
Research Department in collaboration with various experts
within the Group. Projections are designed for each key market
of the Group (France, Italy, Belgium, the United States, and the
Eurozone) using key macroeconomic variables (Gross Domestic
Product - GDP - and its components, unemployment rate,
consumer prices, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, oil
prices, real estate prices, etc.) which are key drivers for
modelling risk parameters used in the stress test process;

■ a baseline scenario, consistent with the scenario used for

■ an adverse scenario, which describes the impact of the

Forward‑Looking Information
The Group considers forward‑looking information both when
assessing significant increase in credit risk and when measuring
Expected Credit Losses (ECL).

budgeting and forecasting;
■ a favourable scenario, capturing situations where the economy

performs better than anticipated;
■ an adverse scenario, corresponding to the scenario used for the

Group’s quarterly stress tests;
■ a severe scenario corresponding to a shock of magnitude

greater than that of the adverse scenario.
The link between the macroeconomic scenarios and the ECL
measurement is mainly achieved through a modelling of the
probabilities of default and deformation of migration matrices based
on internal rating (or risk parameter). The probabilities of default
determined according to these scenarios are used to measure
expected credit losses in each of these scenarios.
The Group’s setup is broken down by sector to take into account the
heterogeneity of sectoral dynamics when assessing the probability of
default for corporates.
Forward‑looking information is also considered when determining
the significant deterioration in credit risk. As a matter of fact, the
probabilities of default used as the basis for this assessment include
forward‑looking multi‑scenario information in the same way as for
the calculation of the expected losses.
The weight to be attributed to the expected credit losses calculated
in each of the scenarios is defined as follows:
■ the weight of the baseline scenario is 50%;
■ the weight of the three alternative scenarios is defined

according to the position in the credit cycle. In this approach,
the adverse scenario carries more weight in situations at the
upper end of the cycle than those at the lower end of the cycle,
in anticipation of a potential downturn in the economy;
■ the weight of the favourable scenario is at least 10% and at

most 40%;
■ the total weight of adverse scenarios fluctuates symmetrically

with the favourable also within a range of 10% to 40%; with a
severe component representing 20% of this weight with a
minimum weight of 5%.
When appropriate, the ECL measurement can take into account asset
sale scenarios.

4

materialisation of some of the risks weighing on the baseline
scenario, resulting in a much less favourable economic path
than in the baseline scenario. The GDP shock is applied with
varying magnitudes, but simultaneously, to the economies
under consideration. Generally, these assumptions are broadly
consistent with those proposed by the regulators. The
calibration of shocks on other variables (e.g. unemployment,
consumer prices, interest rates, etc.) is based on models and
expert judgment;

4

■ a severely adverse scenario, which is an aggravated version of

the adverse scenario;
■ a favourable scenario, which reflects the impact of the

materialisation of some of the upside risks for the economy,
resulting in a more favourable economic path. The favourable
shock on GDP is deducted from the structural adverse shock on
GDP in such a way that the probabilities of the two shocks are
equal on average over the cycle. Other variables (e.g.
unemployment, inflation, interest rates, etc.) are defined in the
same way as in the adverse scenario.
The link between the macroeconomic scenarios and the
measurement of the ECL is complemented by an approach allowing
to take into account anticipation aspects not captured by the models
in the generic approach. This is particularly the case when
unprecedented events in the historical chronicle taken into account
to build the models occur or are anticipated, or when the nature or
amplitude of change in macroeconomic parameter calls into
question past correlations. Thus, the situation of high inflation and
the level of interest rates previously recorded were not observed in
the reference history. In this context, the Group has developed an
approach to take into account the future economic outlook when
assessing the financial strength of counterparties. This approach
involves projecting the impact of higher interest rates on customers’
financial ratios, notably considering their level of indebtedness.
Credit ratings and associated probabilities of default are revalued
based on these simulated financial ratios. This approach is also used
to anticipate the effect of lower prices of commercial properties.
Starting in 2024, this approach is also used to complete the
prospective assessment of the potential consequences of climate
change (transition and physical risks) on the credit risk of corporate
counterparties and mortgages. At the end of 2024, physical risks are
accounted for through a post‑model adjustment.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

223

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Baseline scenario
In 2024, global activity grew at a relatively moderate pace. In the
Eurozone, activity returned to growth, supported by the positive
impact of disinflation on real incomes and consumption, and the
gradual easing of monetary conditions. In the United States, the
economy remained strong. At 31 December 2024, annual growth
forecasts were +0.8% in the Eurozone and +2.7% in the United States
(compared to expectations of +0.8% and +0.7% respectively at
31 December 2023).
Over the 2025‑2027 period, the baseline scenario assumes a gradual
continuation of the recovery in the eurozone, which would result
from a strengthening of private domestic demand, as public
spending is expected to be more constrained. In the United States, a
deceleration in growth is assumed, after a few years of strong
expansion.
Inflation has continued to slow over the course of 2024, moving
closer to the targets of major central banks. This has allowed most

of them (ECB, Federal Reserve, Bank of England, etc.) to start a rate
cut cycle. This monetary policy adjustment is expected to extend in
2025. Then, central bank rates are expected to remain stable over
the following years (2026‑2027), in the presence of controlled
inflation, evolving around 2%.
Long‑term interest rates in 2023‑2024 reached levels not seen in
more than a decade and are assumed to remain relatively stable
over the projection horizon (with no significant changes in growth
and inflation scenarios).
The uncertainty surrounding the baseline scenario appears to be
relatively high. The current geopolitical context, marked by two
major ongoing conflicts (invasion of Ukraine, conflict in the Middle
East) and significant tensions in other regions (in Asia in particular),
is likely to evolve rapidly. Additionally, the presidential shift in
the United States in January 2025 may lead to notable changes in
economic policy, particularly concerning customs duties, which could
impact the global economy.

The graph below presents a comparison of Eurozone GDP projections used in the baseline scenario for the calculation of ECLs on 31 December
2024 and 31 December 2023.

➤ EUROZONE GDP: INDEX BASE 100 AT THE FOURTH QUARTER OF 2019
110

GDP index

105

100

95

90

Baseline scenario at 31 December 2023
Baseline scenario at 31 December 2024

85
Dec-18

224

Dec-19

Dec-20

Dec-21

Dec-22

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Dec-23

Dec-24

Dec-25

Dec-26

Dec-27

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

➤ MACROECONOMIC VARIABLES, BASELINE SCENARIO AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
(annual averages)

2024

2025

2026

2027

Eurozone

0.8%

1.1%

1.5%

1.6%

France

1.2%

0.8%

1.3%

1.6%

Italy

0.5%

0.7%

1.3%

1.3%

Belgium

1.1%

1.3%

1.5%

1.5%

United States

2.7%

1.9%

1.9%

1.7%

6.4%

6.6%

6.4%

6.0%

GDP growth rate

Unemployment rate
Eurozone
France

7.6%

7.7%

7.4%

6.7%

Italy

6.6%

6.7%

6.8%

6.7%

Belgium

5.6%

5.8%

5.7%

5.6%

United States

4.0%

4.2%

4.0%

4.0%

Eurozone

2.4%

1.9%

2.0%

2.1%

France

2.3%

1.4%

1.9%

1.9%

Italy

1.1%

1.9%

2.0%

2.1%

Belgium

4.3%

2.8%

2.2%

2.2%

United States

2.9%

2.1%

2.3%

2.3%

Germany

2.37%

2.45%

2.50%

2.50%

France

2.99%

3.20%

3.25%

3.25%

Italy

3.75%

3.75%

3.80%

3.80%

Belgium

2.95%

3.05%

3.10%

3.10%

United States

4.19%

4.25%

4.25%

4.25%

4

Inflation rate

10‑year sovereign bond yields

Adverse and severely adverse scenarios

■ Public finances. Numerous governments face a combination of

The adverse and severely adverse scenarios assume that some
downside risks will materialise, resulting in much less favourable
economic paths than in the baseline scenario.
The following main risks are identified:
■ Geopolitical risks. Geopolitical tensions can weigh on the global

economy through various channels, such as shocks on
commodity prices, financial markets, business confidence,
supply chains and trade. These developments are likely to lead
simultaneously to higher inflation and a slowdown in activity,
further complicating the task of central banks;
■ Trade

and globalisation. Tensions related to trade and
globalisation have increased in recent years, leading to some
fragmentation of the global economy. While tariff and non‑tariff
barriers have already increased significantly, additional
protectionist measures between main economic areas (e.g. US,
China, and the EU) are likely. They are susceptible to lead to
higher prices and weigh on activity.

elevated debt levels, higher borrowing costs and moderate
growth. This constitutes a challenging environment for public
finances at a time when governments face major structural
challenges (climate action, defence capabilities, age‑related
outlays). These developments could give birth in some countries
to market tensions (widening sovereign bond spreads) and
affect activity through several channels (higher interest rates,
higher taxes, reduced government spending).
■ Climate

events and policies. Climate change related
developments can generate adverse shocks through various
channels. First, announced climate policy measures are
susceptible to trigger social protests, raise uncertainties, weigh
on confidence; these developments can generate turbulences in
financial markets and put a brake on some spending categories.
Second, extreme weather events may disrupt activity
(destructions, supply chain disruptions), weigh on real estate
prices and take insurance and financial market premia up.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

225

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

The adverse and severe scenarios assume the materialisation of
these identified risks from the first quarter of 2025. While downside
risks are shared by these scenarios, the impacts are assumed to be
markedly higher in the severely adverse scenario, due to both more
pronounced direct shocks notably higher commodity prices, and the
development of a negative spiral between key driving factors
(activity, public debt, bond yields, equity markets).
Among the considered countries, GDP levels in the adverse scenario
stand between 7.8% and 11.2% lower than in the baseline scenario at
the end of the shock period. In particular, this deviation reaches 8.2%
in the Eurozone and 8.4% in the United States. In the severe scenario,
GDP levels stand between 11.5% and 16.4% lower than in the
baseline scenario at the end of the shock period. This deviation
reaches 12.1% in the Eurozone and 12.3% in the United States.

Scenario weighting and cost of risk sensitivity
At 31 December 2024, the weight of the favourable scenario
considered by the Group was 28%, and 17% for the adverse scenario
and 5% for the severe scenario. At 31 December 2023, the weight of
the favourable scenario was 33%, 12% for the adverse scenario and
5% for the severe scenario.
The sensitivity of the amount of expected credit losses for all
financial assets at amortised cost or at fair value through equity and
credit commitments is assessed by comparing the estimated
expected credit losses resulting from the weighting of the above
scenarios with that resulting from each of the two main scenarios:

■ an increase in ECL of 21%, or EUR 870 million according to the

adverse scenario (23% at 31 December 2023);
■ a decrease in ECL of 14%, or EUR 570 million according to the

favourable scenario (12% at 31 December 2023).

Post‑model adjustments
Post‑model adjustments are made when system limitations are
identified in a particular context, for instance, in the case of
insufficient statistical data to reflect the specific situation in the
models. Post‑model adjustments are also considered to take into
account, where applicable, the consequences of climatic events on
expected credit losses.
Notably, additional adjustments were made in 2022 to take into
account the effects of inflation and interest rate hikes when this
effect is not directly estimated by the models. For example, within
the consumer credit specialist business, adjustments were
considered for the categories of customers most sensitive to the
gradual decline in the level of their net income. Given the evolution
of the macroeconomic context in 2023 and 2024, these adjustments
have been reassessed and are gradually reversed or used.
All of these adjustments represent 3.7% of the total amount of
expected credit losses at 31 December 2024, compared with 4.5% at
31 December 2023.

➤ COST OF CREDIT RISK FOR THE PERIOD
In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

(2,689)

(2,596)

Recoveries on loans and receivables previously written off

250

250

Losses on irrecoverable loans

(560)

(561)

(2,999)

(2,907)

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

4

(5)

Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss

(98)

(31)

Financial assets at fair value through equity

(1)

3

(3,013)

(2,904)

(2,907)

(2,912)

(106)

8

Net allowances to impairment

TOTAL COST OF RISK FOR THE PERIOD

➤ COST OF RISK FOR THE PERIOD BY ACCOUNTING CATEGORY AND ASSET TYPE
In millions of euros

Cash and balances at central banks

Financial assets at amortised cost
Loans and receivables
Debt securities
Other assets

1

(2)

108

32

(2,999)

(2,907)

765

517

of which stage 1

212

122

of which stage 2

553

395

(3,764)

(3,424)

Financing and guarantee commitments and other items
TOTAL COST OF RISK FOR THE PERIOD
Cost of risk on unimpaired assets and commitments

Cost of risk on impaired assets and commitments – stage 3

226

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

➤ CREDIT RISK IMPAIRMENT
Changes in impairment by accounting category and asset type during the period

31 December 2023

Net allowance to
impairment

Changes in scope,
Impairment exchange rates and
other items
provisions used

31 December 2024

Amounts due from central banks

20

(4)

(1)

15

Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss

108

61

8

90

Financial assets at fair value through equity

121

2

17,715

2,769

(3,647)

344

17,181

17,611

2,665

(3,619)

336

16,993

104

104

(28)

8

188

30

6

(1)

15

50

17,994

2,834

(3,735)

366

17,459

of which stage 1

1,966

(122)

(3)

(28)

1,813

of which stage 2

2,429

(458)

(23)

3

1,951

of which stage 3

13,599

3,414

(3,709)

391

13,695

Provisions for commitments

883

(148)

(1)

(28)

706

Other provisions

387

3

(38)

(3)

349

Total provisions recognised for credit commitments

1,270

(145)

(39)

(31)

1,055

of which stage 1

269

(91)

4

182

of which stage 2

301

(98)

3

206

of which stage 3

700

44

(39)

(38)

667

19,264

2,689

(3,774)

335

18,514

In millions of euros, at

Assets impairment

Financial assets at amortised cost
Loans and receivables
Debt securities
Other assets
Total impairment of financial assets

(87)

123

4

Provisions recognised as liabilities

TOTAL IMPAIRMENT AND PROVISIONS

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

227

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Change in impairment by accounting category and asset type during the previous period

31 December 2022

Net allowance to
impairment

Changes in scope,
Impairment exchange rates and
other items
provisions used

31 December 2023

Amounts due from central banks

21

5

(6)

20

Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss

108

30

(6)

108

Financial assets at fair value through equity

130

(3)

(6)

121

18,511

2,620

(3,273)

(143)

17,715

18,381

2,627

(3,264)

(133)

17,611

130

(7)

In millions of euros, at

Assets impairment

Financial assets at amortised cost
Loans and receivables
Debt securities
Other assets
Total impairment of financial assets

(24)

43

(9)

(10)

104

(14)

1

30

18,813

2,652

(3,311)

(160)

17,994

of which stage 1

2,074

(60)

(2)

(46)

1,966

of which stage 2

2,881

(347)

(41)

(64)

2,429

of which stage 3

13,858

3,059

(3,268)

(50)

13,599

Provisions for commitments

980

(69)

(1)

(27)

883

Other provisions

450

13

(44)

(32)

387

Total provisions recognised for credit commitments

1,430

(56)

(45)

(59)

1,270

of which stage 1

326

(47)

(10)

269

of which stage 2

338

(25)

(12)

301

of which stage 3

766

16

(45)

(37)

700

20,243

2,596

(3,356)

(219)

19,264

Provisions recognised as liabilities

TOTAL IMPAIRMENT AND PROVISIONS

Changes in impairment of financial assets at amortised cost during the period

In millions of euros

Impairment on assets Impairment on assets
subject to lifetime
subject to 12‑month
Expected Credit
Expected Credit
Losses
Losses
(Stage 2)
(Stage 1)

At 31 December 2023

1,938

13,361

Total
17,715

Net allowance to impairment

(123)

(458)

3,350

2,769

Financial assets purchased or originated during the period

686

188

3

877

Financial assets derecognised during the period(1)

(367)

(500)

(724)

(1,591)

Transfer to stage 2

(263)

2,005

(320)

1,422

Transfer to stage 3

(72)

(908)

2,280

1,300

Transfer to stage 1

206

(914)

(47)

(755)

Other allowances/reversals without stage transfer(2)

(313)

(329)

2,158

1,516

Impairment provisions used

(3)

(23)

(3,621)

(3,647)

Changes in exchange rates

(1)

4

173

176

Changes in scope of consolidation and other items

(26)

194

168

At 31 December 2024

1,785

13,457

17,181

(1) Including disposals.
(2) Including amortisation.

228

2,416

Impairment on
doubtful assets
(Stage 3)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

1,939

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

In 2024, the volume of financial assets at amortised cost increased
compared to previous year and amounted to EUR 1,095 billion (see
note 4.e Financial assets at amortised cost) of which EUR 917 billion
in loans and advances to customers.
Loans and advances to customers classified in stage 1 increased by
EUR 44 billion over the year, while stage 2 outstandings decreased
by EUR 5 billion.
Within each of these stages, net reversals of provisions were
observed. The stabilisation of the interest rate and inflation
environment has led to the reversal of additional provisions
previously set aside to anticipate the impact of rising interest rates
on corporate clients’ financial ratios and the effect of inflation on the
disposable income of the most vulnerable customer segments within
the specialised consumer credit business. In parallel, a review of

4

models and migration matrices applied to probabilities of default has
resulted in an overall improvement of counterparties rating and risk
parameters. These effects are particularly observed in Table No.52 :
Breakdown of financial assets subject to impairment by stage and
internal rating in section 5.4 Credit risk of the Universal registration
document. Finally, transfers of exposures to Stage 3 were higher
than in 2023 and amounted to EUR 9.2 billion, particularly for
corporate clients (see note 4.f Impaired financial assets). This led to
a net reversal of impairment on Stages 1 and 2 in 2024.
Additionally, debt securities classified in Stage 2 amounted to
EUR 1.9 billion as of 31 December 2024, compared to EUR 94 million
as of 31 December 2023. This evolution, which resulted in an
increase in related provisions, is mainly due to a change in the
consolidation method applied to the UkrSibbank entity (see note 8.d
Business combinations and loss of control or influence).

Changes in impairment of financial assets at amortised cost during the previous period

Impairment on assets Impairment on assets
subject to lifetime
subject to 12‑month
Expected Credit
Expected Credit
Losses
Losses
(Stage 2)
(Stage 1)

In millions of euros

Impairmen on
doubtful assets
(Stage 3)

Total

At 31 December 2022

2,035

2,860

13,616

18,511

Net allowance to impairment

(63)

(339)

3,022

2,620

Financial assets purchased or originated during the period

691

294

Financial assets derecognised during the period(1)

(405)

(490)

(726)

(1,621)

Transfer to stage 2

(371)

2,121

(199)

1,551

Transfer to stage 3

(74)

(990)

2,258

1,194

Transfer to stage 1

288

(860)

(86)

(658)

Other allowances/reversals without stage transfer(2)

(192)

(414)

1,775

1,169

Impairment provisions used

(2)

(41)

(3,230)

(3,273)

Changes in exchange rates

(16)

(7)

(80)

(103)

Changes in scope of consolidation and other items

(16)

(57)

33

(40)

At 31 December 2023

1,938

2,416

13,361

17,715

4

985

(1) Including disposals.
(2) Including amortisation.

2.h OTHER NET LOSSES FOR RISK ON FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
In 2023, the Group modified its accounting policy relating to the risk
of loss of cash flows on financial instruments granted that are not
linked to the counterparty’s default, such as legal risks calling into
question the validity or enforceability of such contracts.
The effect on expected cash flows due to these risks is now
considered as a change in the contract’s cash flows, in accordance
with IFRS 9 B5.4.6, and is recorded as a decrease in the gross value
of the asset. It was previously recognised separately in accordance
with IAS 37 in “Provisions for risks and charges” (see note 4.n).
Expected losses on derecognised financial instruments, as is the
case when loans have been repaid, continue to be recognised in
accordance with IAS 37.

The corresponding expected and realised cash flow losses are now
presented under “Other net losses for risk on financial instruments”.
In 2024, the expense thus recognised relates to EUR 186 million in
mortgage loans in Swiss franc or indexed to the Swiss franc in
Poland, and to EUR 16 million in losses under the law on assistance
to borrowers in Poland. In 2023, it was mainly composed of
EUR 450 million in mortgage loans in Swiss franc or indexed to the
Swiss franc in Poland, and EUR 221 million in foreign currency loans
issued by BNP Paribas Personal Finance.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

229

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

2.i

NET GAIN ON NON‑CURRENT ASSETS

In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Gain or loss on investments in consolidated undertakings (note 8.d)

133

29

Gain or loss on tangible and intangible assets

(30)

139

Results from net monetary position

(294)

(272)

Net gain on non‑current assets

(191)

(104)

According to IAS 29 in connection with the hyperinflation situation of the economy in Türkiye, the line “Results from net monetary positions”
corresponds to the effect of the revaluation of net monetary assets of the evolution of the consumer price index in Türkiye on the valuation of
non‑monetary assets and liabilities (-EUR 549 million) and on income from the Turkish government bonds portfolio indexed to inflation and held
by Turk Ekonomi Bankasi AS (+EUR 255 million, reclassified from interest margin) in 2024 (respectively -EUR 563 million and +EUR 291 million
in 2023).

2.j

CORPORATE INCOME TAX
Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Reconciliation of the effective tax expense to the theoretical tax expense at standard tax rate in France

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

in millions of euros

tax rate

in millions of euros

tax rate

(3,938)

25.8%

(2,875)

25.8%

(160)

1.0%

(56)

0.5%

Impact of dividends and disposals taxed at reduced rate

188

-1.2%

131

-1.2%

Impact of the non‑deductibility of taxes and bank levies(2)

(132)

0.9%

(369)

3.3%

432

-3.9%

Corporate income tax expense on pre‑tax income at standard tax rate in France(1)
Impact of differently taxed foreign profits

Impact of previously unrecognised deferred taxes (tax losses and temporary
differences)
Impact of the hyperinflation in Türkiye

(98)

0.6%

(202)

1.9%

Other items

139

-0.9%

(327)

2.9%

(4,001)

26.2%

(3,266)

29.3%

Corporate income tax expense from continuing activities
Current tax expense(3)
Deferred tax expense (note 4.i)

(3,013)

(3,063)

(988)

(203)

(1) Restated for the share of profits in equity‑method entities and goodwill impairment.
(2) Contribution to the Single Resolution Fund and other non‑deductible banking taxes.
(3) Tax expense related to OECD Pillar II Model Rules on global minimum taxation for large multinational enterprises applicable from 1 January 2024
amounted to EUR 8 million for the year ended 2024.

230

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

Note 3 SEGMENT INFORMATION
The Group is composed of three operating divisions:
■ Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB) which covers Global

Banking, Global Markets and Securities Services;
■ Commercial, Personal Banking & Services (CPBS) which covers

Commercial & Personal banking in the Eurozone, with
Commercial & Personal Banking in France (CPBF), Commercial &
Personal Banking in Italy (BNL bc), Commercial & Personal
Banking in Belgium (CPBB) and Commercial & Personal Banking
in Luxembourg (CPBL); Commercial & Personal banking outside
the Eurozone, which is organised around Europe‑Mediterranean,
to cover Central and Eastern Europe and Türkiye. Lastly, it also
covers specialised businesses, (Arval, BNP Paribas Leasing
Solutions, BNP Paribas Personal Finance, BNP Paribas Personal
Investors and New Digital Businesses like Nickel, Floa, Lyf);
■ Investment & Protection Services (IPS) which covers Insurance

(BNP Paribas Cardif), Wealth and Asset Management
(BNP Paribas Asset Management, BNP Paribas Wealth
Management and BNP Paribas Real Estate), Management of the
BNP Paribas Group’s portfolio of unlisted and listed industrial
and
commercial
investments
(BNP Paribas
Principal
Investments).
Other Activities mainly include activities related to the Group’s
central treasury function, some costs related to cross‑business
projects, the residential mortgage lending business of Personal
Finance (a significant part of which is managed in run‑off), and
certain investments.
They also include non‑recurring items resulting from applying the
rules on business combinations. In order to provide consistent and
relevant economic information for each core business, the impact of
amortising fair value adjustments recognised in the net equity of
entities acquired and restructuring costs incurred in respect to the
integration of entities, have been allocated to the “Other Activities”
segment. The same applies to transformation, adaptation and IT
reinforcement costs relating to the Group’s savings programmes.
In addition, Other Activities carry the impact, related to the
application of IFRS 17, of the reclassification as a deduction from
revenues of the operating expenses “attributable to insurance
contracts” of the Group’s business lines (other than Insurance) that
distribute insurance contracts (i.e., internal distributors), in order not

to disrupt the readability of their financial performance. This is also
the case for the impact of the volatility on the financial result
generated by the recognition at fair value through profit or loss of
assets backing insurance entities’ equity or non‑participating
contracts. In the event of divestment connected to this portfolio, the
realised gains or losses are allocated to the revenues of the
Insurance business line.
Inter‑segment transactions are conducted at arm’s length. The
segment information presented comprises agreed inter‑segment
transfer prices.
The capital allocation is carried out on the basis of risk exposure,
taking into account various conventions relating primarily to the
capital requirement of the business as derived from the
risk‑weighted asset calculations required under capital adequacy
rules. Normalised equity income by segment is determined by
attributing to each segment the income of its allocated equity. The
capital allocation to segments is based on a minimum of 11% of
weighted assets. The breakdown of balance sheet by core business
follows the same rules as the breakdown of the profit or loss by core
business.

4

In order to be comparable with the presentation format used since
1 January 2024, the year ended 31 December 2023 of this note has
been restated for the following effects as if they had occurred on
1 January 2023:
■ taking into account the end of the ramp‑up of the Single

Resolution Fund (SRF) as from 1 January 2024, and the
assumption of a similar contribution to local banking taxes at
an estimated amount around EUR 200 million per year from
2024. Regarding the 2023 net income, the contribution to the
SRF (EUR 1,002 million) was entirely allocated to the divisions
and business lines (including Corporate Centre). The
restatement entails reallocating approximately EUR 800 million
not intended to continue from 2024 to the “Other Activities”
segment, and allocating only the EUR 200 million mentioned
above to the divisions and business lines;
■ taking into account management rules considered in 2024, for

the presentation of assets and liabilities relating to asset
management and private banking activities in 2023.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

231

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

➤ INCOME BY BUSINESS SEGMENT
Year to 31 Dec. 2024
Operating
expenses Cost of risk(1)

In millions of euros

Revenues

Corporate & Institutional
Banking

17,897 (10,731)

143

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Operating
income

Nonoperating
items

Pre‑tax
income

Revenues

7,310

13

7,323

16,509 (10,265)

Operating
expenses Cost of risk(1)
63

Operating
income

Nonoperating
items

Pre‑tax
income

6,307

(5)

6,302

Global Banking

6,236

(2,921)

171

3,486

6

3,492

5,822

(2,802)

74

3,094

6

3,100

Global Markets

8,718

(5,649)

(28)

3,041

2

3,043

7,996

(5,402)

(13)

2,581

8

2,590

Securities Services

2,943

(2,161)

782

6

788

2,691

(2,061)

1

631

(19)

612

(2,920)

7,173

156

7,329

12

3,221

Commercial, Personal
Banking & Services

26,027 (16,119)

(3,275)

6,633

171

6,804

25,917 (15,824)

Commercial & Personal
Banking in the Eurozone

13,162

(9,046)

(1,033)

3,083

81

3,164

13,259

(9,064)

(986)

3,209

Commercial & Personal
Banking in France(2)

6,241

(4,420)

(670)

1,151

(2)

1,149

6,251

(4,482)

(484)

1,285

BNL banca
commerciale(2)

2,766

(1,745)

(338)

682

(4)

678

2,646

(1,712)

(410)

524

(3)

520

Commercial & Personal
Banking in Belgium(2)

3,545

(2,585)

(21)

939

87

1,026

3,784

(2,583)

(84)

1,116

10

1,126

Commercial & Personal
Banking in Luxembourg(2)

610

(296)

(4)

310

310

577

(286)

(8)

283

5

289

1,285

Commercial & Personal
Banking in the rest
of the world

3,104

(2,016)

(365)

723

50

773

2,631

(1,653)

(44)

934

100

1,034

Europe‑Mediterranean(2)

3,104

(2,016)

(365)

723

50

773

2,631

(1,653)

(44)

934

100

1,034

Specialised businesses

9,761

(5,058)

(1,877)

2,826

40

2,866

10,027

(5,106)

(1,890)

3,031

44

3,074

Personal Finance

5,075

(2,779)

(1,573)

724

98

822

5,163

(2,952)

(1,600)

611

65

676

Arval & Leasing Solutions

3,627

(1,556)

(202)

1,869

(63)

1,807

3,869

(1,477)

(167)

2,225

(14)

2,211

New Digital Businesses
& Personal Investors(2)

1,059

(724)

(102)

233

4

237

995

(677)

(123)

195

(8)

187

Investment & Protection
Services

5,824

(3,570)

(15)

2,239

116

2,355

5,590

(3,552)

(13)

2,025

148

2,173

Insurance

2,238

(840)

1,398

172

1,570

2,090

(808)

1,281

113

1,394

Wealth Management

1,688

(1,199)

489

1,603

(1,183)

(3)

416

4

420

Asset Management(3)

1,898

(1,530)

(15)

353

(56)

297

1,897

(1,560)

(10)

327

31

358

Other Activities - excl.
restatement related
to insurance activities

173

(858)

(55)

(740)

451

(289)

(1,060)

(2,357)

(812)

(4,228)

190

(4,039)

Other Activities restatement related
to insurance activities

(1,090)

1,085

(5)

(5)

(1,081)

1,041

(5)

(5)

(40)

of which volatility

489

(5)

of which attributable
costs to internal
distributors

(1,085)

TOTAL CONTINUING
ACTIVITIES

48,831 (30,193)

1,085

(1,041)
(3,201)

15,437

751

16,188

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

1,041

45,874 (30,956)

(3,682)

11,236

489

11,725

(1) Including “Other net losses for risk on financial instruments”.
(2) Commercial & Personal Banking in France, BNL banca commerciale, Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium, Commercial & Personal Banking in
Luxembourg, Europe‑Mediterranean and Personal Investors after the reallocation within Wealth and Asset Management of one‑third of the Wealth
Management activities in France, Italy, Belgium, Luxembourg, Germany, Türkiye and Poland.
(3) Including Real Estate and Principal Investments.

232

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

➤ NET COMMISSION INCOME BY BUSINESS SEGMENT
In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Corporate & Institutional Banking

2,401

2,214

Global Banking

1,959

1,784

Global Markets

(1,008)

(975)

Securities Services

1,450

1,405

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

7,216

6,777

Commercial & Personal Banking in the eurozone

5,194

5,019

Commercial & Personal Banking in France(1)

3,006

2,875

BNL banca commerciale(1)

1,077

1,043

Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium(1)

1,023

1,014

Commercial & Personal Banking in Luxembourg(1)

88

87

Commercial & Personal Banking in the rest of the world

607

442

Europe‑Mediterranean(1)

607

442

Specialised businesses

1,415

1,316

Personal Finance

795

776

Arval & Leasing Solutions

56

54

New Digital Businesses & Personal Investors(1)

564

486

Investment & Protection Services

2,018

1,850

Insurance

(361)

(368)

Wealth Management

896

749

Asset Management(2)

1,483

1,469

151

21

Other activities - restatement related to insurance activities

(1,085)

(1,041)

TOTAL GROUP

10,701

9,821

Other activities - excl. restatement related to insurance activities

4

(1) Commercial & Personal Banking in France, BNL banca commerciale, Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium, Commercial & Personal Banking in
Luxembourg, Europe‑Mediterranean and Personal Investors after the reallocation within Wealth and Asset Management of one‑third of the Wealth
Management activities in France, Italy, Belgium, Luxembourg, Germany, Türkiye and Poland.
(2) Including Real Estate and Principal Investments.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

233

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

➤ ASSETS AND LIABILITIES BY BUSINESS SEGMENT
31 December 2024
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2023

Asset

Liability

Asset

Liability

1,257,271

1,375,940

1,136,691

1,309,407

Global Banking

195,330

258,037

176,822

241,346

Global Markets

1,016,601

960,504

921,650

917,780

Securities Services

45,340

157,400

38,219

150,281

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

802,565

701,384

790,637

702,388

Commercial & Personal Banking in the eurozone

547,798

551,464

552,876

559,503

Commercial & Personal Banking in France(1)

236,792

242,000

236,866

244,563

BNL banca commerciale(1)

89,722

78,660

94,164

81,275

Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium(1)

192,644

197,679

192,423

202,447

Commercial & Personal Banking in Luxembourg(1)

28,640

33,126

29,423

31,218

Commercial & Personal Banking in the rest of the world

71,050

68,419

59,282

55,409

Europe‑Mediterranean(1)

71,050

68,419

59,282

55,409

Specialised businesses

183,718

81,500

178,479

87,476

Personal Finance

109,512

27,802

108,791

29,003

Arval & Leasing Solutions

70,283

20,785

65,086

22,245

New Digital Businesses & Personal Investors(1)

3,923

32,913

4,602

36,228

Investment & Protection Services

322,771

355,810

289,722

319,544

Insurance

286,849

274,655

257,133

243,510

Wealth Management

27,373

76,611

24,836

70,859

Asset Management(2)

8,549

4,544

7,753

5,175

Other activities

322,301

271,774

374,449

260,160

TOTAL GROUP

2,704,908

2,704,908

2,591,499

2,591,499

Corporate & Institutional Banking

(1) Commercial & Personal Banking in France, BNL banca commerciale, Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium, Commercial & Personal Banking in
Luxembourg, Europe‑Mediterranean and Personal Investors after the reallocation within Wealth and Asset Management of one‑third of the Wealth
Management activities in France, Italy, Belgium, Luxembourg, Germany, Türkiye and Poland.
(2) Including Real Estate and Principal Investments.

Information by business segment relating to goodwill is presented in note 4.m Goodwill.

234

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

Information by geographic area
The geographic split of segment results, assets and liabilities is based on the region in which they are recognised for accounting purposes,
adjusted as per the managerial origin of the business activity. It does not necessarily reflect the counterparty’s nationality or the location of
operational businesses.

➤ REVENUES FROM CONTINUING ACTIVITIES BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA
Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

EMEA

39,688

37,822

Americas (North and South)

4,898

4,286

APAC

4,245

3,766

TOTAL GROUP

48,831

45,874

In millions of euros

➤ ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, IN CONTRIBUTION TO THE CONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS, BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA
In millions of euros, at

EMEA
Americas (North and South)
APAC
TOTAL GROUP

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

2,196,747

2,148,461

316,411

255,099

191,750

187,939

2,704,908

2,591,499

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

4

235

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Note 4 NOTES TO THE BALANCE SHEET AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
4.a

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

Financial assets and liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss

of certain assets and liabilities designated by the Group as at fair
value through profit or loss at the time of issuance and of
non‑trading instruments whose characteristics prevent their
accounting at amortised cost or at fair value through equity.

Financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
loss consist of held‑for‑trading transactions - including derivatives -

31 December 2024

In millions of euros, at

Financial
Other
instruments
financial
Financial designated as
instruments at fair value assets at fair
held for through profit value through
or loss profit or loss
trading

Securities

256,779

Loans and repurchase agreements

221,622

FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH
PROFIT OR LOSS

478,401

Securities

79,958

Deposits and repurchase agreements

302,488

Issued debt securities and subordinated debt
(note 4.h)
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE
THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

382,446

15

10,563

267,357

202,225

4,077

225,699

224,700

14,640

493,056

426,925

79,958

104,910

2,329

304,817

271,486

104,934

104,934

107,263

489,709

15

Detail of these assets and liabilities is provided in note 4.d.

■

Financial liabilities designated as at fair value
through profit or loss
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss mainly consist
of issued debt securities, originated and structured on behalf of
customers, where the risk exposure is managed in combination with
the hedging strategy. These types of issued debt securities contain
significant embedded derivatives, which changes in value may be
compensated by changes in the value of economic hedging
derivatives.
The redemption value of debt issued and designated as at fair value
through profit or loss at 31 December 2024 was EUR 110,823 million
(EUR 89,910 million at 31 December 2023).

Other financial assets measured at fair value
through profit or loss
Other financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are financial
assets not held for trading:
■ debt instruments that do not meet the criteria defined by IFRS 9

to be classified as financial instruments at “fair value through
equity” or at “amortised cost”:

236

Total

31 December 2023
Financial
Other
instruments
financial
Financial designated as
instruments at fair value assets at fair
held for through profit value through
or loss profit or loss
trading

■

376,396

549

549

Total

8,860

211,634

2,475

227,175

11,335

438,809
104,910

2,128

273,614

83,763

83,763

85,891

462,287

their business model is not to “collect contractual cash
flows” nor “collect contractual cash flows and sell the
instruments”, and/or
their cash flows are not solely repayments of principal and
interest on the principal amount outstanding;

■ equity instruments that the Group did not choose to classify as

at “fair value through equity”.

Derivative financial instruments
The majority of derivative financial instruments held for trading are
related to transactions initiated for trading purposes. They may
result from market‑making or arbitrage activities. BNP Paribas
actively trades in derivatives. Transactions include trades in
“ordinary” instruments such as credit default swaps, and structured
transactions with complex risk profiles tailored to meet the needs of
its customers. The net position is in all cases subject to limits.
Some derivative instruments are also contracted to hedge financial
assets or financial liabilities for which the Group has not
documented a hedging relationship, or which do not qualify for
hedge accounting under IFRS.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
In millions of euros, at

4

31 December 2023

Positive market value Negative market value Positive market value Negative market value

Interest rate derivatives

121,491

95,045

133,500

105,976

Foreign exchange derivatives

158,085

152,269

119,094

118,126

Credit derivatives

10,767

11,085

8,427

10,320

Equity derivatives

28,065

40,185

24,067

38,027

Other derivatives

4,223

3,369

6,991

6,443

322,631

301,953

292,079

278,892

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The table below shows the total notional amount of trading derivatives. The notional amounts of derivative instruments are merely an
indication of the volume of the Group’s activities in financial instruments markets, and do not reflect the market risks associated with such
instruments.

31 December 2024

In millions of euros, at

Exchangetraded

Over‑thecounter,
cleared through
central clearing
houses

Interest rate derivatives

983,378

15,690,701

Foreign exchange derivatives

74,516

Credit derivatives

31 December 2023

Total

Exchangetraded

Over‑thecounter,
cleared through
central clearing
houses

7,277,395 23,951,474

1,327,902

14,448,396

194,540 10,769,644 11,038,700

57,625

173,339

8,980,659

9,211,623

357,964

465,403

823,367

Over‑thecounter

436,041

463,565

899,606

Over‑thecounter

Total

Equity derivatives

1,356,158

798,676

2,154,834

1,130,554

638,904

1,769,458

Other derivatives

184,941

93,181

278,122

119,024

84,251

203,275

16,321,282 19,402,461 38,322,736

2,635,105

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

2,598,993

4

6,811,394 22,587,692

14,979,699 16,980,611 34,595,415

As part of its Client Clearing activity, the Group guarantees the risk of default of its clients to central counterparties. The corresponding notional
amount is EUR 1,271 billion at 31 December 2024 (EUR 1,197 billion at 31 December 2023).

4.b DERIVATIVES USED FOR HEDGING PURPOSES
The table below shows the notional amounts and the fair value of derivatives used for hedging purposes.

31 December 2024
In millions of euros, at

Notional amounts

Positive fair
value

Fair value hedges

1,215,184

19,489

32,610

Interest rate derivatives

1,210,173

19,305

5,011

Foreign exchange derivatives

31 December 2023

Negative fair
value Notional amounts

Positive fair
value

Negative fair
value

1,148,308

19,409

33,808

32,391

1,139,647

18,516

32,617

184

219

8,661

893

1,191

Cash flow hedges

267,840

1,297

4,196

241,125

2,233

4,138

Interest rate derivatives

75,830

654

1,583

66,134

896

1,760

Foreign exchange derivatives

191,237

590

2,532

174,426

1,270

2,312

773

53

81

565

67

66

Net foreign investment hedges

2,885

65

58

2,648

50

65

Foreign exchange derivatives

2,885

65

58

2,648

50

65

1,485,909

20,851

36,864

1,392,081

21,692

38,011

Other derivatives

DERIVATIVES USED FOR HEDGING PURPOSES

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

237

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk management strategies are described in chapter 5 – Pillar 3 of the Universal registration document
(section 5.7 Market risk – Market risk related to banking activities). Quantitative information related to foreign currency borrowings used for net
investment hedges is also mentioned in this chapter.
The table below presents the detail of fair value hedge relationships for identified financial instruments and portfolios of financial instruments
that are continuing at 31 December 2024:

Hedging instruments

Hedged instruments

at 31 December 2024

Notional
amounts

Positive
fair value

Cumulated
changes in fair
value used as
the basis for
recognising
Negative
fair value ineffectiveness

Fair value hedges of identified instruments

467,277

10,935

14,372

(408)

171,514

(4,723)

149,961

(5,075)

Interest rate derivatives hedging the interest
rate risk related to

462,854

10,786

14,154

(396)

169,146

(4,721)

148,362

(5,061)

Loans and receivables

21,678

459

504

(35)

17,111

34

Securities

220,047

9,896

6,286

4,680

152,035

(4,755)

Deposits

21,350

134

137

(9)

16,851

(11)

Debt securities

199,779

297

7,227

(5,032)

131,511

(5,050)

Foreign exchange derivatives hedging the
interest rate and foreign exchange risks
related to

4,423

149

218

(12)

2,368

(2)

1,599

(14)

Loans and receivables

1,403

137

47

3

1,007

(3)

Securities

1,435

8

5

1,361

1

Deposits

36

In millions of euros,

Debt securities

Carrying
amount –
asset

Cumulated
changes in
fair value –
asset

Carrying
amount –
liability

Cumulated
changes in
fair value –
liability

2

2

41

2

1,558

(16)

1,549

4

164

(17)

Interest rate risk hedged portfolios

747,907

8,554

18,238

(8,868)

200,215

(1,745)

151,658

(10,592)

Interest rate derivatives hedging the interest
rate risk related to(1)

747,319

8,519

18,237

(8,865)

199,658

(1,747)

151,658

(10,592)

Loans and receivables

319,703

5,461

2,721

1,848

199,658

(1,747)

Deposits

427,616

3,058

15,516

(10,713)

151,658

(10,592)

Foreign exchange derivatives hedging the
interest rate and foreign exchange risks related
to

588

35

1

(3)

557

2

-

-

Loans and receivables

588

35

1

(3)

557

2

1,215,184

19,489

32,610

(9,276)

371,729

(6,468)

301,619

(15,667)

TOTAL FAIR VALUE HEDGE

(1) Are included in this section the notional amounts of hedging derivatives and of swaps that reverse the interest rate positions, thus reducing the hedge
relationship, when the hedged item still exists, for respectively EUR 129,507 million for derivatives hedging loans and receivables and EUR 263,952 million
for derivatives hedging deposits.

238

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

The table below presents the detail of fair value hedge relationships for identified financial instruments and portfolios of financial instruments
that are continuing at 31 December 2023:

Hedging instruments

In millions of euros,

Hedged instruments

Cumulated
changes in fair
value used as
the basis for
recognising
Negative
fair value ineffectiveness

Carrying
amount –
asset

Cumulated
changes in
fair value –
asset

Carrying
amount –
liability

Cumulated
changes in
fair value –
liability

at 31 December 2023

Notional
amounts

Positive
fair value

Fair value hedges of identified instruments

405,307

9,539

13,084

(582)

133,418

(6,571)

154,708

(7,030)

Interest rate derivatives hedging the interest
rate risk related to

398,328

8,653

11,932

(491)

129,967

(6,575)

151,227

(6,948)

Loans and receivables

20,674

487

449

88

20,886

(82)

Securities

162,254

7,826

2,383

6,369

109,081

(6,493)

Deposits

24,158

123

222

(203)

20,487

(201)

Debt securities

191,242

217

8,878

(6,745)

130,740

(6,747)

Foreign exchange derivatives hedging the
interest rate and foreign exchange risks
related to

6,979

886

1,152

(91)

3,451

4

3,481

(82)

Loans and receivables

2,069

687

737

(11)

2,055

10

Securities

1,405

184

193

8

1,396

(6)

Deposits

833

6

21

4

846

3

2,672

9

201

(92)

2,635

(85)

Interest rate risk hedged portfolios

743,001

9,870

20,724

(10,261)

233,224

(3,803)

228,527

(14,009)

Interest rate derivatives hedging the interest
rate risk related to(1)

741,319

9,862

20,685

(10,263)

231,609

(3,801)

228,527

(14,009)

Loans and receivables

339,035

6,302

1,938

3,780

231,609

(3,801)

Deposits

402,284

3,560

18,747

(14,043)

228,527

(14,009)

Foreign exchange derivatives hedging the
interest rate and foreign exchange risks related
to

1,682

8

39

2

1,615

(2)

-

-

Loans and receivables

1,682

8

39

2

1,615

(2)

1,148,308

19,409

33,808

(10,843)

366,642

(10,374)

383,235

(21,039)

Debt securities

TOTAL FAIR VALUE HEDGE

4

(1) Are included in this section the notional amounts of hedging derivatives and of swaps that reverse the interest rate positions, thus reducing the hedge
relationship, when the hedged item still exists, for respectively EUR 93,839 million for derivatives hedging loans and receivables and EUR 177,833 million
for derivatives hedging deposits.

An asset or a liability or set of assets and liabilities, can be hedged
over several periods of time with different derivative financial
instruments. Besides, some hedges are achieved by the combination
of two derivative instruments. In this case, the notional amounts add
up and their total amount is higher than the hedged amount. The
first situation is observed more particularly for interest rate risk
hedged portfolios and the second for hedges of issued debt
securities.
As regards discontinued fair value hedge relationships where the
derivative contract was terminated, the cumulated amount of
revaluation remaining to be amortised over the residual life of the
hedged instruments amounted to EUR 986 million in assets at
31 December 2024, and to -EUR 104 million in liabilities, for hedges
of portfolios of financial instruments. At 31 December 2023, these
amounts were EUR 1,143 million in assets and -EUR 166 million in
liabilities.

Regarding hedges of identified instruments, the cumulated amount
of revaluation remaining to be amortised over the residual life of the
hedged instruments amounts to EUR 99 million in assets at
31 December 2024. At 31 December 2023, this amount was
EUR 105 million in assets.
The notional amount of cash flow hedge derivatives is
EUR 267,840 million at 31 December 2024. Changes in assets and
liabilities recognised directly in equity amount to EUR 48 million.
At 31 December 2023, the notional amount of cash flow hedge
derivatives was EUR 241,125 million and changes in assets and
liabilities recognised directly in equity amounted to EUR 189 million.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

239

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

The tables below present the notional amounts of hedging derivatives by maturity at 31 December 2024 and at 31 December 2023:

Maturity date

In millions of euros,
at 31 December 2024

Less than 1 year Between 1 and 5 years

Over 5 years

Total

Fair value hedges

454,601

456,223

304,360

1,215,184

Interest rate derivatives

452,137

454,004

304,032

1,210,173

2,464

2,219

328

5,011

Cash flow hedges

198,515

55,256

14,069

267,840

Interest rate derivatives

41,299

25,253

9,278

75,830

Foreign exchange derivatives

156,886

29,563

4,788

191,237

330

440

3

773

Net foreign investment hedges

2,432

453

-

2,885

Foreign exchange derivatives

2,432

453

Foreign exchange derivatives

Other derivatives

2,885

Maturity date

In millions of euros,
at 31 December 2023

Less than 1 year Between 1 and 5 years

Total

Fair value hedges

328,104

487,495

332,709

1,148,308

Interest rate derivatives

323,853

483,325

332,469

1,139,647

4,251

4,170

240

8,661

Cash flow hedges

176,330

52,161

12,634

241,125

Interest rate derivatives

30,565

28,999

6,570

66,134

Foreign exchange derivatives

145,532

22,832

6,062

174,426

233

330

2

565

Net foreign investment hedges

2,648

-

-

2,648

Foreign exchange derivatives

2,648

Foreign exchange derivatives

Other derivatives

4.c

2,648

FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH EQUITY
31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Fair value

of which changes in
value recognised
directly to equity

In millions of euros, at

Fair value

of which changes in
value recognised
directly to equity

Debt securities

71,430

(1,285)

50,274

(585)

Governments

36,128

(545)

23,334

(207)

Other public administrations

20,721

(432)

16,188

(117)

Credit institutions

11,148

(306)

7,388

(248)

Others

3,433

(2)

3,364

(13)

Equity securities

1,610

489

2,275

767

TOTAL FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH EQUITY

73,040

(796)

52,549

182

Debt securities at fair value through equity include EUR 106 million
classified as stage 3 at 31 December 2024 (EUR 109 million at
31 December 2023). For these securities, the credit impairment
recognised in the profit and loss account has been charged to the

240

Over 5 years

negative changes in value recognised in equity amounting to
EUR 102 million at 31 December 2024 (unchanged compared with
31 December 2023).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

The option to recognise certain equity instruments at fair value
through equity was retained in particular for shares held through
strategic partnerships and shares that the Group is required to hold
in order to carry out certain activities.
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group sold several of
these investments and a net gain of EUR 207 million was transferred
to “retained earnings” (EUR 9 million for the year ended
31 December 2023).

4.d MEASUREMENT OF THE FAIR VALUE
OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Valuation process
BNP Paribas has retained the fundamental principle that it should
have a unique and integrated processing chain for producing and
controlling the valuations of financial instruments that are used for
the purpose of daily risk management and financial reporting. All
these processes are based on a common economic valuation which
is a core component of business decisions and risk management
strategies.
Economic value is composed of mid‑market value, to which valuation
adjustments are made.
Mid‑market value is derived from external data or valuation
techniques that maximise the use of observable and market‑based
data. Mid‑market value is a theoretical additive value which does not
take account of i) the direction of the transaction or its impact on the
existing risks in the portfolio, ii) the nature of the counterparties, and
iii) the aversion of a market participant to particular risks inherent in
the instrument, the market in which it is traded, or the risk
management strategy.
Valuation adjustments take into account valuation uncertainty and
include market and credit risk premiums to reflect costs that could
be incurred in case of an exit transaction in the principal market.
Fair value generally equals the economic value, subject to limited
adjustments, such as own credit adjustments, which are specifically
required by IFRS standards.
The main valuation adjustments are presented in the section below.

Valuation adjustments
Valuation adjustments retained by BNP Paribas for determining fair
values are as follows:
Bid/offer adjustments: the bid/offer range reflects the additional exit
cost for a price taker and symmetrically the compensation sought by
dealers to bear the risk of holding the position or closing it out by
accepting another dealer’s price.
BNP Paribas assumes that the best estimate of an exit price is the
bid or offer price, unless there is evidence that another point in the
bid/offer range would provide a more representative exit price.

4

Model uncertainty adjustments: these relate to situations where
valuation uncertainty is due to the valuation technique used, even
though observable inputs might be available. This situation arises
when the risks inherent in the instruments are different from those
available in the observable data, and therefore the valuation
technique involves assumptions that cannot be easily corroborated.
Future Hedging Costs adjustments (FHC): this adjustment applies to
positions that require dynamic hedging throughout their lifetime
leading to additional bid/offer costs. Calculation methods capture
these expected costs in particular based on the optimal hedging
frequency.
Credit valuation adjustment (CVA): the CVA adjustment applies to
valuations and market quotations whereby the credit worthiness of
the counterparty is not reflected. It aims to account for the
possibility that the counterparty may default and that BNP Paribas
may not receive the full fair value of the transactions.
In determining the cost of exiting or transferring counterparty risk
exposures, the relevant market is deemed to be an inter‑dealer
market. However, the determination of CVA remains judgemental due
to i) the possible absence or lack of price discovery in the
inter‑dealer market, ii) the influence of the regulatory landscape
relating to counterparty risk on the market participants’ pricing
behaviour and iii) the absence of a dominant business model for
managing counterparty risk.

4

The CVA model is grounded on the same exposures as those used for
regulatory purposes. The model attempts to estimate the cost of an
optimal risk management strategy based on i) implicit incentives
and constraints inherent in the regulations in force and their
evolutions, ii) market perception of the probability of default, and iii)
default parameters used for regulatory purposes.
Funding valuation adjustment (FVA): when valuation techniques are
used for the purpose of deriving fair value, funding assumptions
related to the future expected cash flows are an integral part of the
mid‑market valuation, notably through the use of appropriate
discount rates. These assumptions reflect what the Bank anticipates
as being the effective funding conditions of the instrument that a
market participant would consider. This notably takes into account
the existence and terms of any collateral agreement. In particular,
for non- or imperfectly collateralised derivative instruments, they
include an explicit adjustment to the interbank interest rate.
Own‑credit valuation adjustment for debts (OCA) and for
derivatives (debit valuation adjustment – DVA): OCA and DVA are
adjustments reflecting the effect of credit worthiness of BNP Paribas,
on respectively the value of debt securities designated as at fair
value through profit or loss and derivatives. Both adjustments are
based on the expected future liability profiles of such instruments.
The own credit worthiness is inferred from the market‑based
observation of the relevant bond issuance levels. The DVA
adjustment is determined after taking into account the Funding
Valuation Adjustment (FVA).

Input uncertainty adjustments: when the observation of prices or
data inputs required by valuation techniques is difficult or irregular,
an uncertainty exists on the exit price. There are several ways to
gauge the degree of uncertainty on the exit price such as measuring
the dispersion of the available price indications or estimating the
possible ranges of the inputs to a valuation technique.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

241

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Thus, the carrying value of debt securities designated as at fair value
though profit or loss increased by EUR 388 million at 31 December
2024, compared with a decrease in value of EUR 198 million at

31 December 2023, i.e. a +EUR 586 million variation recognised
directly in equity that will not be reclassified to profit or loss.

Instrument classes and Classification within the fair value hierarchy for assets and liabilities
measured at fair value
As explained in the summary of significant accounting policies (note 1.f.10), financial instruments measured at fair value are categorised into a
fair value hierarchy consisting of three levels.

31 December 2024
Financial instruments held for trading
In millions of euros, at

Financial assets at fair value through equity

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Securities

215,211

40,417

1,151 256,779

640

1,397

8,541

10,578

62,844

9,427

769

73,040

Governments

76,246 18,301

171 94,718

32,137

3,919

72 36,128

Other debt securities

18,922 21,937

781 41,640

24

411

378

813 29,740

5,295

267 35,302

179

199 120,421

616

986

8,163

9,765

221,607

15 221,622

2,874

1,203

4,077

9,324

9,324

4,077

212,283

15 212,298

FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE 215,211 262,024

1,166 478,401

Equities and other equity securities 120,043
Loans and repurchase agreements
Loans
Repurchase agreements

213

2,874

1,203

4,271

9,744 14,655 62,844

9,427

77,891

1,971

Governments

54,020

373

54,393

Other debt securities

8,648

1,576

96 10,320

Equities and other equity securities

15,223

22

15,245

301,036

1,452 302,488

2,126

203

2,329

6,113

6,113

2,126

203

2,329

294,923

1,452 296,375

Borrowings
Repurchase agreements

96

640

967

Securities

Borrowings and repurchase
agreements

79,958

Issued debt securities and
subordinated debt (note 4.h)

66,580

Issued debt securities

65,764 38,354 104,118

Subordinated debt
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
AT FAIR VALUE

242

Instruments at fair value through profit or
loss not held for trading

816
77,891 303,007

1,548 382,446

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

38,354 104,934

816

- 68,706 38,557 107,263

430

1,610

769 73,040

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

31 December 2023
Instruments at fair value through profit or
loss not held for trading

Financial assets at fair value through equity

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

1,079

7,125

9,409

44,707

7,095

747

52,549

225 19,919

3,367

48 23,334

1,070 23,218

3,515

207 26,940

Financial instruments held for trading
In millions of euros, at

Level 1

Level 2

Securities

171,172

30,482

571 202,225

1,205

Governments

80,933 14,291

10 95,234

225

Other debt securities

19,776 15,747

439 35,962

327

363

380

Equities and other equity securities

70,463

444

122 71,029

653

716

6,745

8,114

224,512

188 224,700

913

1,562

2,475

8,441

8,441

913

1,562

2,475

216,071

188 216,259

FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE 171,172 254,994

759 426,925

Securities

102,913

1,955

42 104,910

Governments

69,811

398

70,209

Other debt securities

9,670

1,544

41 11,255

Equities and other equity securities

23,432

13

1 23,446

270,854

632 271,486

1,973

155

2,128

4,846

4,846

1,973

155

2,128

266,008

632 266,640

Issued debt securities and
subordinated debt (note 4.h)

52,080

31,683

83,763

Issued debt securities(1)

51,345 31,683 83,028

Loans and repurchase agreements
Loans
Repurchase agreements

Borrowings and repurchase
agreements
Borrowings
Repurchase agreements

Level 3

Subordinated debt
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
AT FAIR VALUE

1,205

1,992

674 376,396

213

8,687 11,884 44,707

7,095

492

2,275

747 52,549

4

735
102,913 272,809

1,570

735

- 54,053 31,838 85,891

(1) The hierarchical level breakdown has been adjusted, moving EUR 8.1 billion from level 2 to level 3. This adjustment is not associated with a
decreased observability of valuation parameters and does not challenge the fair value measurement of the affected financial instruments.

Fair values of derivatives are broken down by dominant risk factor, namely interest rate, foreign exchange, credit and equity. Derivatives used for
hedging purposes are mainly interest rate derivatives.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

243

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Positive market value

Negative market value

In millions of euros, at

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Interest rate derivatives

479

119,383

1,629

121,491

505

92,636

1,904

95,045

Foreign exchange derivatives

57

157,499

529

158,085

53

151,964

252

152,269

10,161

606

10,767

10,362

723

11,085

Credit derivatives
Equity derivatives

9

24,977

3,079

28,065

4

34,165

6,016

40,185

Other derivatives

693

3,400

130

4,223

851

2,466

52

3,369

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS NOT
USED FOR HEDGING PURPOSES

1,238

315,420

5,973

322,631

1,413

291,593

8,947

301,953

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS USED
FOR HEDGING PURPOSES

-

20,851

-

20,851

-

36,864

-

36,864

31 December 2023
Positive market value
Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Interest rate derivatives

734

131,382

1,384

133,500

714

103,334

1,928

105,976

Foreign exchange derivatives

18

118,300

776

119,094

16

118,065

45

118,126

7,663

764

8,427

8,697

1,623

10,320

Credit derivatives

Total

Equity derivatives

15

21,177

2,875

24,067

659

31,222

6,146

38,027

Other derivatives

586

6,365

40

6,991

607

5,769

67

6,443

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS NOT
USED FOR HEDGING PURPOSES

1,353

284,887

5,839

292,079

1,996

267,087

9,809

278,892

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS USED
FOR HEDGING PURPOSES

-

21,692

-

21,692

-

38,011

-

38,011

Transfers between levels may occur when an instrument fulfils the
criteria defined, which are generally market and product dependent.
The main factors influencing transfers are changes in the
observation capabilities, passage of time, and events during the
transaction lifetime. The timing of recognising transfers is
determined at the beginning of the reporting period.

Level 1 includes notably equity securities and liquid bonds,
shortselling of these instruments, derivative instruments traded on
organised markets (futures, options, etc.). It includes shares of funds
and UCITS, for which the net asset value is calculated on a daily
basis.

During the year 2024, transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 were
not significant.

The Level 2 stock of securities is composed of securities which are
less liquid than the Level 1 bonds. They are predominantly corporate
debt securities, government bonds, mortgage backed securities, fund
shares and short‑term securities such as certificates of deposit. They
are classified in Level 2 notably when external prices for the same
security can be regularly observed from a reasonable number of
market makers that are active in this security, but these prices do
not represent directly tradable prices. This comprises amongst other,
consensus pricing services with a reasonable number of contributors
that are active market makers as well as indicative runs from active
brokers and/or dealers. Other sources, such as primary issuance
market, may also be used where relevant.

Description of main instruments in each level
The following section provides a description of the instruments in
each level in the hierarchy. It describes notably instruments
classified in Level 3 and the associated valuation methodologies.
For main trading book instruments and derivatives classified in
Level 3, further quantitative information is provided about the inputs
used to derive fair value.

Level 1
This level encompasses all derivatives and securities that are quoted
continuously in active markets.

244

Negative market value

In millions of euros, at

Level 2

Repurchase agreements are classified predominantly in Level 2. The
classification is primarily based on the observability and liquidity of
the repo market, depending on the underlying collateral and the
maturity of the repo transaction.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Debts issued designated as at fair value through profit or loss, are
classified in the same level as the one that would apply to the
embedded derivative taken individually. The issuance spread is
considered observable.
Derivatives classified in Level 2 comprise mainly the following
instruments:
■ vanilla instruments such as interest rate swaps, caps, floors

and swaptions, credit default swaps, equity/foreign exchange
(FX)/commodities forwards and options;
■ structured derivatives for which model uncertainty is not

significant such as exotic FX options, mono- and
multi‑underlying equity/funds derivatives, single curve exotic
interest rate derivatives and derivatives based on structured
rates.
The above derivatives are classified in Level 2 when there is a
documented stream of evidence supporting one of the following:
■ fair value is predominantly derived from prices or quotations of

other Level 1 and Level 2 instruments, through standard market
interpolation or stripping techniques whose results are
regularly corroborated by real transactions;
■ fair value is derived from other standard techniques such as

replication or discounted cash flows that are calibrated to
observable prices, that bear limited model risk and enable an
effective offset of the risks of the instrument through trading
Level 1 or Level 2 instruments;
■ fair value is derived from more sophisticated or proprietary

valuation techniques but is directly evidenced through regular
back‑testing using external market‑based data.
Determining whether an over‑the‑counter (OTC) derivative is eligible
for Level 2 classification involves judgement. Consideration is given
to the origin, transparency and reliability of external data used, and
the amount of uncertainty associated with the use of models. It
follows that the Level 2 classification criteria involve multiple
analysis axis within an “observability zone” whose limits are
determined by i) a predetermined list of product categories and
ii) the underlying and maturity bands. These criteria are regularly
reviewed and updated, together with the applicable valuation
adjustments, so that the classification by level remains consistent
with the valuation adjustment policy.

Level 3
Level 3 securities of the trading book mainly comprise units of funds
and unlisted equity shares measured at fair value through profit or
loss or through equity.
Unlisted private equities are systematically classified as Level 3, with
the exception of UCITS with a daily net asset value, which are
classified in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.
Shares and other unlisted variable income securities in Level 3 are
valued using one of the following methods: a share of revalued net
book value, multiples of comparable companies, future cash flows
method, multi‑criteria approach.

4

Repurchase agreements, mainly long‑term or structured
repurchase agreements on corporate bonds and ABS: the valuation
of these transactions requires proprietary methodologies given the
bespoke nature of the transactions and the lack of activity and price
discovery in the long‑term repo market. The curves used in the
valuation are corroborated using available data such as recent
long‑term repo trade data and price enquiry data. Valuation
adjustments applicable to these exposures are commensurate with
the degree of uncertainty inherent in the modelling choices and
amount of data available.
Debts issued designated as at fair value through profit or loss, are
classified in the same level as the one that would apply to the
embedded derivative taken individually. The issuance spread is
considered observable.
Derivatives
Vanilla derivatives are classified in Level 3 when the exposure is
beyond the observation zone for rate curves or volatility surfaces, or
relates to less liquid markets such as tranches on old credit index
series or emerging markets interest rates markets. The main
instruments are:

4

■ Interest rate derivatives: exposures mainly comprise swap

products in less liquid currencies. Classification is driven by the
lower liquidity of some maturities, while observation
capabilities through consensus may be available. The valuation
technique is standard, and uses external market information
and extrapolation techniques.
■ Credit derivatives (CDS): exposures mainly comprise CDSs

beyond the maximum observable maturity and, to a much
lesser extent, CDSs on illiquid or distressed names and CDSs on
loan indices. Classification is driven by the lack of liquidity
while observation capabilities may be available notably through
consensus. Level 3 exposures also comprise CDS and Total
Return Swaps (TRS) positions on securitised assets. These are
priced along the same modelling techniques as the underlying
bonds, taking into consideration the funding basis and specific
risk premium.
■ Equity derivatives: exposures essentially comprise long dated

forward or volatility products or exposures where there is a
limited market for optional products. The marking of the
forward curves and volatility surfaces beyond the maximum
observable maturity relies on extrapolation techniques.
However, when there is no market for model input, volatility or
forward is generally determined on the basis of proxy or
historical analysis. Similarly, long‑term transactions on equity
baskets are also classified in Level 3, based on the absence of
equity correlation observability on long maturities.
These vanilla derivatives are subject to valuation adjustments linked
to uncertainty on liquidity, specialised by nature of underlying and
liquidity bands.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

245

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Structured derivatives classified in Level 3 predominantly comprise
hybrid products (FX/Interest Rates hybrids, Equity hybrids), credit
correlation products, prepayment‑sensitive products, some stock
basket optional products and some interest rate optional
instruments. The main exposures are described below, with insight
into the related valuation techniques and on the source of
uncertainty:

of the recovery factor. CDO modelling is calibrated on the
observable index tranche markets, and is regularly back‑tested
against consensus data on standardised pools. The uncertainty
arises from the model risk associated with the projection and
geography mixing technique, and the uncertainty of associated
parameters, together with the recovery modelling.
■ N to Default baskets are other forms of credit correlation

products, modelled through standard copula techniques. The
main inputs required are the pair‑wise correlations between the
basket components which can be observed in the consensus
and the transactions. Linear baskets are considered observable.

■ Structured interest rate options are classified in Level 3 when

they involve currencies where there is not sufficient observation
or when they include a quanto feature where the pay‑off is
measured with a forex forward fixed rate (except for the main
currencies). Long term structured derivatives are also classified
in Level 3.

■ Equity and equity‑hybrid correlation products are instruments

whose pay‑off is dependent on the joint behaviour of a basket of
equities/indices leading to a sensitivity of the fair value
measurement to the correlation amongst the basket
components. Hybrid versions of these instruments involve
baskets that mix equity and non‑equity underlyings such as
commodity indices, or foreign exchange rates. Only a subset of
the Equity/index correlation matrix is regularly observable and
traded, while most cross‑asset correlations are not active.
Therefore, classification in Level 3 depends on the composition
of the basket, the maturity, and the hybrid nature of the
product. The correlation input is derived from a proprietary
model combining historical estimators, and other adjustment
factors, that are corroborated by reference to recent trades or
external data. The correlation matrix is essentially available
from consensus services, and when a correlation between two
underlying instruments is not available, it might be obtained
from extrapolation or proxy techniques.

■ Hybrid FX/Interest rate products essentially comprise a specific

product family known as Power Reverse Dual Currency (PRDC)
when there is material valuation uncertainty. When valuation of
PRDCs requires sophisticated modelling of joint behaviour of FX
and interest rate, and is notably sensitive to the unobservable
FX/interest rate correlations, such products are classified as
Level 3. PRDCs valuations are corroborated with recent trade
data and consensus data.
■ Securitisation

swaps mainly comprise fixed‑rate swaps,
cross‑currency or basis swaps whose notional is indexed to the
prepayment behaviour of some underlying portfolio. The
estimation of the maturity profile of securitisation swaps is
corroborated by statistical estimates using external historical
data.

■ Forward volatility options are generally products whose pay‑off

is indexed to the future variability of a rate index such as
volatility swaps. These products involve material model risk as
it is difficult to infer forward volatility information from
market‑traded instruments. The valuation adjustment
framework is calibrated to the uncertainty inherent in the
product, and to the range of uncertainty from the existing
external consensus data.
■ Inflation derivatives classified in Level 3 mainly comprise swap

products on inflation indices that are not associated with a
liquid indexed bond market, optional products on inflation
indices (such as caps and floors) and other forms of inflation
indices involving optionality on the inflation indices or on the
inflation annual rate. Valuation techniques used for inflation
derivatives are predominantly standard market models. Proxy
techniques are used for a few limited exposures. Although the
valuations are corroborated through monthly consensus data,
these products are classified as Level 3 due to their lack of
liquidity and some uncertainties inherent in the calibration.
■ The valuation of bespoke CDO requires correlation of default

events when there is material valuation uncertainty. This
information is inferred from the active index tranche market
through a proprietary projection technique and involves
proprietary extrapolation and interpolation techniques.
Multi‑geography CDO further require an additional correlation
assumption. Finally, the bespoke CDO model also involves
proprietary assumptions and parameters related to the dynamic

246

These structured derivatives are subject to specific valuation
adjustments to cover uncertainties linked to liquidity, parameters
and model risk.
Valuation adjustments (CVA, DVA and FVA)
The valuation adjustment for counterparty credit risk (CVA),
own‑credit risk for derivatives (DVA) and the explicit funding
valuation adjustment (FVA) are deemed to be unobservable
components of the valuation framework and therefore classified in
Level 3. This does not impact, in general cases, the classification of
individual transactions into the fair value hierarchy. However, a
specific process allows to identify individual deals for which the
marginal contribution of these adjustments and related uncertainty
is significant and justifies classifying these transactions in Level 3.
The table below provides the range of values of main unobservable
inputs for the valuation of Level 3 financial instruments. The ranges
displayed correspond to a variety of different underlying instruments
and are meaningful only in the context of the valuation technique
implemented by BNP Paribas. The weighted averages, where
relevant and available, are based on fair values, nominal amounts or
sensitivities.
The main unobservable parameters used for the valuation of debt
issued in Level 3 are equivalent to those of their economic hedge
derivative. Information on those derivatives, displayed in the
following table, is also applicable to these debts.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Balance Sheet valuation
(in millions of euros)

Risk classes

Asset

15
Repurchase
agreements

1,629

Main product types composing the
Liability Level 3 stock within the risk class

Valuation technique used
for the product types considered

Long‑term repo
1,452 and reverse‑repo
agreements

Proxy techniques, based
amongst other on the funding
Long‑term repo spread on
basis of a benchmark bond
private bonds (High Yield,
pool, that is actively traded
High Grade) and on ABS
and representative of the repo
underlying

Credit
derivatives

Equity
derivatives
(1)
(2)
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)

3,079

32 bp (a)

3% to 56%

9% (a)

Hybrid inflation rates /
Interest rates derivatives

Correlation between
interest rates and inflation
rates mainly in Europe.

19% to 45%

35%

Volatility of cumulative
inflation

1.3% to 11.6%

Volatility of the year‑onyear inflation rate

0.3% to 2.6%

Forward volatility of
interest rates

0.5% to 0.8%

Constant prepayment
rates

0% to 25%

Base correlation curve
for bespoke portfolios

27% to 88%

Recovery rate variance
for single name
underlyings

0% to 25%

Default correlation

50% to 83%

54% (a)

Credit default spreads
beyond observation limit
(10 years)

19 bp to 20 bp

19 bp

Illiquid credit default
spread curves (across
main tenors)

1 bp to(1)
2,217 bp

102 bp (c)

Unobservable equity
volatility

0% to 184% (2)

24% (d)

Unobservable equity
correlation

16% to 99%

62% (c)

Hybrid inflation interest rate
option pricing model

Interest rates option pricing
model

Balance‑guaranteed fixed
rate, basis or cross currency Prepayment modelling
swaps, predominantly
Discounted cash flows
indexed on European
collateral pools

723

0 bp to 107 bp

Correlation between FX
rate and interest rates.
Main currency pairs are
EUR/JPY, USD/JPY, AUD/JPY

Forward Volatility products
such as volatility swaps,
mainly in euros

606

Weighted
average

Hybrid Forex / Interest rates Hybrid Forex interest rate
derivatives
option pricing model

Floors and caps on inflation
rate or on the cumulative
inflation (such as redemption
Inflation pricing model
1,904 floors), predominantly on
European and French
inflation

Interest rate
derivatives

Main unobservable inputs
for the product types considered

Range of
unobservable input
across Level 3
population
considered

Collateralised Debt
Obligations and index
tranches for inactive index
series

Base correlation projection
technique and recovery
modelling

N‑to‑default baskets

Credit default model

Single name Credit Default
Swaps (other than CDS
on ABs and loans indices)

Stripping, extrapolation
and interpolation

Simple and complex
derivatives on
6,016
multi‑underlying baskets on
stocks

Various volatility option
models

4

(b)

4

(b)

0.2% (a)

(b)

(b)

The upper bound of the range relates to building, retail and services sector issuers that represent an insignificant portion of the balance sheet (CDS with illiquid
underlying instruments).
The underlyings with implied volatility greater than 50% have a very limited exposure.
Weights based on relevant risk axis at portfolio level.
No weighting, since no explicit sensitivity is attributed to these inputs.
Weighting is not based on risks, but on an alternative methodology in relation with the Level 3 instruments (present value or notional).
Simple averaging.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

247

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Table of movements in Level 3 financial instruments
For Level 3 financial instruments, the following movements occurred during the year ended 2024:

Financial assets

In millions of euros

Financial
Financial
instruments
instruments
at fair value
at fair value
through profit through profit or
loss not held
or loss held
for trading
for trading

Financial
assets at
fair value
through
equity

TOTAL

Financial
instruments
at fair value
through profit
or loss held
for trading

Financial
instruments
designated
as at fair value
through
profit or loss

TOTAL

(10,483)

(31,838)

(42,321)

AT 31 DECEMBER 2023

6,598

8,687

747

16,032

Purchases

2,327

1,797

306

4,430

Issues

Financial liabilities

-

-

(21,959)

(21,959)

Sales

(1,856)

(1,383)

(281)

(3,520)

167

Settlements(1)

1,970

(9)

(20)

1,941

(1,045)

14,371

13,326

724

2

145

871

(760)

(517)

(1,277)

(1,227)

(36)

(51)

(1,314)

659

1,583

2,242

Gains (or losses) recognised in profit or loss
with respect to transactions expired or
terminated during the period

(95)

623

(8)

520

147

55

202

Gains (or losses) recognised in profit or loss
with respect to unexpired instruments at the
end of the period

(1,303)

(9)

(1,312)

825

(209)

616

1

72

(11)

62

(5)

(43)

(48)

(58)

(58)

769

17,652

(10,495)

(38,557)

(49,052)

Transfers to Level 3
Transfers from Level 3

Items related to exchange rate movements
Changes in fair value of assets and liabilities
recognised in equity
AT 31 DECEMBER 2024

7,139

9,744

167

(1) For the assets, includes redemptions of principal, interest payments as well as cash inflows and outflows relating to derivatives. For the liabilities,
includes principal redemptions, interest payments as well as cash inflows and outflows relating to derivatives the fair value of which is negative.

Transfers out of Level 3 of derivatives include mainly the update of
the observability tenor of certain yield curves, and of market
parameters related to repurchase agreements and credit
transactions but also the effect of derivatives becoming only or
mainly sensitive to observable inputs due to the shortening of their
lifetime.
Transfers into Level 3 of instruments at fair value reflect the effect of
the regular update of the observability zones.
Transfers have been reflected as if they had taken place at the
beginning of the reporting period.
The Level 3 financial instruments may be hedged by other Level 1
and Level 2 instruments, the gains and losses of which are not
shown in this table. Consequently, the gains and losses shown in this
table are not representative of the gains and losses arising from
management of the net risk on all these instruments.

248

Sensitivity of fair value to reasonably possible
changes in level 3 assumptions
The following table summarises those financial assets and financial
liabilities classified as Level 3 for which alternative assumptions in
one or more of the unobservable inputs would change fair value
significantly.
The amounts disclosed are intended to illustrate the range of
possible uncertainty inherent to the judgement applied when
estimating Level 3 parameters, or when selecting valuation
techniques. These amounts reflect valuation uncertainties that
prevail at the measurement date, and even though such
uncertainties predominantly derive from the portfolio sensitivities
that prevailed at that measurement date, they are not predictive or
indicative of future movements in fair value, nor do they represent
the effect of market stress on the portfolio value.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

In estimating sensitivities, BNP Paribas either remeasured the
financial instruments using reasonably possible inputs, or applied
assumptions based on the valuation adjustment policy.
For the sake of simplicity, the sensitivity on cash instruments that
are not relating to securitised instruments was based on a uniform
1% shift in the price. More specific shifts were however calibrated for
each class of the Level 3 securitised exposures, based on the
possible ranges of the unobservable inputs.
For derivative exposures, the sensitivity measurement is based on
the credit valuation adjustment (CVA), the explicit funding valuation
adjustment (FVA) and the parameter and model uncertainty
adjustments related to Level 3.

Regarding the credit valuation adjustment (CVA) and the explicit
funding valuation adjustment (FVA), the uncertainty was calibrated
based on prudent valuation adjustments described in the technical
standard “Prudent Valuation” published by the European Banking
Authority. For other valuation adjustments, two scenarios were
considered: a favourable scenario where all or portion of the
valuation adjustment is not considered by market participants, and
an unfavourable scenario where market participants would require
twice the amount of valuation adjustments considered by
BNP Paribas for entering into a transaction.

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Potential impact on
income

Potential impact on
equity

Potential impact on
income

Potential impact on
equity

Debt securities

+/- 10

+/- 4

+/- 6

+/- 2

Equities and other equity securities

+/- 84

+/- 4

+/- 68

+/- 5

Loans and repurchase agreements

+/- 26

+/- 20

Derivative financial instruments

+/- 584

+/- 586

Interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives

+/- 194

+/- 218

Credit derivatives

+/- 79

+/- 94

Equity derivatives

+/- 308

+/- 271

Other derivatives

+/- 3

+/- 3

In millions of euros, at

+/- 704

Deferred margin on financial instruments
measured using techniques developed
internally and based on inputs partly
unobservable in active markets

The Day One Profit is calculated after setting aside valuation
adjustments for uncertainties as described previously and released
to profit or loss over the expected period for which the inputs will be
unobservable. The unamortised amount is included under “Financial
instruments at fair value through profit or loss” as a reduction in the
fair value of the relevant transactions.

In millions of euros

Deferred margin at
31 December 2023

+/- 8

+/- 680

4

SENSITIVITY OF LEVEL 3 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Deferred margin on financial instruments (“Day One Profit”)
primarily concerns the scope of financial instruments eligible for
Level 3 and to a lesser extent some financial instruments eligible for
Level 2 where valuation adjustments for uncertainties regarding
parameters or models are not negligible compared with the initial
margin.

4

Deferred margin on Margin taken to the profit
transactions and loss account during
the period
during the period

+/- 7

Deferred margin at
31 December 2024

Interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives

167

68

(68)

167

Credit derivatives

225

145

(141)

229

Equity derivatives

381

385

(393)

373

Other instruments

11

29

(28)

12

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

784

627

(630)

781

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

249

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4.e

FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTISED COST

➤ DETAIL OF LOANS AND ADVANCES BY NATURE
31 December 2024
In millions of euros, at

Loans and advances to credit institutions

31 December 2023

Gross value

Impairment
(note 2.g)

Carrying
amount

Gross value

Impairment
(note 2.g)

Carrying
amount

31,232

(85)

31,147

24,434

(99)

24,335

On demand accounts

8,384

(4)

8,380

7,252

(6)

7,246

Loans(1)

14,447

(81)

14,366

12,267

(93)

12,174

Repurchase agreements

8,401

8,401

4,915

4,915

Loans and advances to customers

917,049

(16,908)

900,141

876,712

(17,512)

859,200

On demand accounts

59,558

(2,720)

56,838

46,733

(2,752)

43,981

Loans to customers(2)

804,734

(12,941)

791,793

780,638

(13,593)

767,045

Finance leases

52,268

(1,247)

51,021

48,842

(1,167)

47,675

489

499

931,288

901,146

Repurchase agreements
TOTAL LOANS AND ADVANCES AT AMORTISED COST

489
948,281

(16,993)

499
(17,611)

883,535

(1) Loans and advances to credit institutions include term deposits made with central banks.
(2) Of which EUR 352 million in discounts for mortgage loans in Swiss franc or indexed to the Swiss franc in Poland at 31 December 2024 compared with
EUR 480 million at 31 December 2023 and EUR 47 million in provisions for foreign currency loans issued by BNP Paribas Personal Finance at
31 December 2024 compared with EUR 255 million at 31 December 2023.

➤ CONTRACTUAL MATURITIES OF FINANCE LEASES
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Gross investment

57,602

53,562

Receivable within 1 year

17,772

15,771

Receivable after 1 year but within 5 years

34,434

32,539

Receivable beyond 5 years

5,396

5,252

Unearned interest income

(5,334)

(4,720)

Net investment before impairment

52,268

48,842

Receivable within 1 year

15,858

14,057

Receivable after 1 year but within 5 years

31,481

29,999

Receivable beyond 5 years

4,929

4,786

Impairment provisions

(1,247)

(1,167)

Net investment after impairment

51,021

47,675

➤ DETAIL OF DEBT SECURITIES BY TYPE OF ISSUER
31 December 2024
Gross value

Impairment
(note 2.g)

Carrying
amount

Gross value

Impairment
(note 2.g)

Carrying
amount

Governments

69,172

(31)

69,141

62,659

(11)

62,648

Other public administration

25,709

(2)

25,707

16,288

(2)

16,286

Credit institutions

14,743

(2)

14,741

10,318

(2)

10,316

Others

37,539

(153)

37,386

32,000

(89)

31,911

TOTAL DEBT SECURITIES AT AMORTISED COST

147,163

(188)

146,975

121,265

(104)

121,161

In millions of euros, at

250

31 December 2023

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

➤ DETAIL OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTISED COST BY STAGE
31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Gross Value

Impairment
(note 2.g)

Carrying
amount

Gross Value

Impairment
(note 2.g)

Carrying
amount

Loans and advances to credit institutions

31,232

(85)

31,147

24,434

(99)

24,335

Stage 1

30,998

(8)

30,990

23,673

(19)

23,654

Stage 2

157

(6)

151

679

(13)

666

Stage 3

77

(71)

6

82

(67)

15

Loans and advances to customers

917,049

(16,908)

900,141

876,712

(17,512)

859,200

Stage 1

821,576

(1,762)

819,814

777,190

(1,906)

775,284

Stage 2

69,649

(1,904)

67,745

74,214

(2,399)

71,815

Stage 3

25,824

(13,242)

12,582

25,308

(13,207)

12,101

Debt securities

147,163

(188)

146,975

121,265

(104)

121,161

Stage 1

144,987

(15)

144,972

120,991

(12)

120,979

Stage 2

1,911

(28)

1,883

94

(5)

89

Stage 3

265

(145)

120

180

(87)

93

1,095,444

(17,181)

1,078,263

1,022,411

(17,715)

1,004,696

In millions of euros, at

TOTAL FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTISED COST

4.f

4

IMPAIRED FINANCIAL ASSETS (STAGE 3)

The following tables present the carrying amounts of impaired financial assets carried at amortised cost and of impaired financing and
guarantee commitments, as well as related collateral and other guarantees.
The amounts shown for collateral and other guarantees correspond to the lower of the value of the collateral or other guarantee and the value
of the secured assets.

31 December 2024
Impaired financial assets (Stage 3)
In millions of euros, at

Collateral
received

Gross value

Impairment

Net

77

(71)

6

Loans and advances to customers (note 4.e)

25,824

(13,242)

12,582

Debt securities at amortised cost (note 4.e)

265

(145)

120

TOTAL AMORTISED‑COST IMPAIRED ASSETS (STAGE 3)

26,166

(13,458)

12,708

8,044

Financing commitments given

1,384

(95)

1,289

554

Guarantee commitments given

1,054

(223)

831

195

TOTAL OFF‑BALANCE SHEET IMPAIRED COMMITMENTS (STAGE 3)

2,438

(318)

2,120

749

Loans and advances to credit institutions (note 4.e)

8,044

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

251

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2023
Impaired financial assets (Stage 3)
In millions of euros, at

Collateral
received

Gross value

Impairment

Net

82

(67)

15

Loans and advances to customers (note 4.e)

25,308

(13,207)

12,101

Debt securities at amortised cost (note 4.e)

180

(87)

93

25,570

(13,361)

12,209

7,720

Financing commitments given

889

(96)

793

263

Guarantee commitments given

769

(218)

551

135

1,658

(314)

1,344

398

Loans and advances to credit institutions (note 4.e)

TOTAL AMORTISED‑COST IMPAIRED ASSETS (STAGE 3)

TOTAL OFF‑BALANCE SHEET IMPAIRED COMMITMENTS (STAGE 3)

7,720

The following table presents the changes in gross exposures of stage 3 assets (EU CR2):

Gross value
In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

IMPAIRED EXPOSURES (STAGE 3) AT OPENING BALANCE

25,570

25,517

Transfer to stage 3

9,163

8,632

Transfer to stage 1 or stage 2

(2,041)

(2,166)

Assets written off

(4,101)

(3,769)

Other changes

(2,425)

(2,644)

IMPAIRED EXPOSURES (STAGE 3) AT CLOSING BALANCE

26,166

25,570

4.g FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT AMORTISED COST DUE TO CREDIT INSTITUTIONS
AND CUSTOMERS
In millions of euros, at

Deposits from credit institutions

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

66,872

95,175

On demand accounts

10,608

10,770

Interbank borrowings(1)

33,753

54,825

Repurchase agreements

22,511

29,580

Deposits from customers

1,034,857

988,549

On demand deposits

562,520

542,133

Savings accounts

162,064

152,636

Term accounts and short‑term notes

307,335

292,491

2,938

1,289

Repurchase agreements

(1) Interbank borrowings from credit institutions include term borrowings from central banks. At 31 December 2024, no TLTRO III borrowings were recorded
on the balance sheet compared with EUR 18 billion at 31 December 2023 (see note 2.a Net Interest Income).

252

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

4.h DEBT SECURITIES AND SUBORDINATED DEBT
This note covers all issued debt securities and subordinated debt measured at amortised cost and designated as at fair value through profit or
loss.

➤ DEBT SECURITIES DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (NOTE 4.A)
Original amount in
foreign currency

Issuer/Issue date
In millions of euros, at

Currency

(millions)

Date of call or
interest step‑up

Interest Interest rate
reset
rate

Conditions
precedent
for coupon
payment(1) 31 December 2024 31 December 2023

ISSUED DEBT SECURITIES AND SUBORDINATED DEBT

104,934

83,763

Debt securities

104,118

83,028

816

735

18

18

798

717

798

717

Subordinated debt
(2)

Redeemable subordinated debt
Perpetual subordinated debt

BNP Paribas Fortis Dec. 2007(3)

EUR

3,000

Dec.-14

3‑month
Euribor
+200 bp

A

4

(1) Conditions precedent for coupon payment:
A Coupon payments are halted should the issuer have insufficient capital or the underwriters become insolvent or when the dividend declared for Ageas
shares falls below a certain threshold.
(2) After agreement from the banking supervisory authority and at the issuer’s initiative, redeemable subordinated debt issues may contain a call provision
authorising the Group to redeem the securities prior to maturity by repurchasing them in the stock market, via public tender offers, or in the case of
private placements over the counter. Debt issued by BNP Paribas SA or foreign subsidiaries of the Group via placements in the international markets may
be subject to early redemption of the capital and early payment of interest due at maturity at the issuer’s discretion on or after a date stipulated in the
issue particulars (call option), or in the event that changes in the applicable tax rules oblige the BNP Paribas Group issuer to compensate debt‑holders for
the consequences of such changes. Redemption may be subject to a notice period of between 15 and 60 days, and is in all cases subject to approval by
the banking supervisory authorities.
(3) Convertible And Subordinated Hybrid Equity‑linked Securities (CASHES) issued by BNP Paribas Fortis (previously Fortis Banque) in December 2007.
The CASHES are perpetual securities but may be exchanged for Ageas (previously Fortis SA/NV) shares at the holder’s sole discretion at a price of
EUR 239.40. However, as of 19 December 2014, the CASHES will be automatically exchanged into Ageas shares if their price is equal to or higher than
EUR 359.10 for twenty consecutive trading days. The principal amount will never be redeemed in cash. The rights of the CASHES holders are limited to
the Ageas shares held by BNP Paribas Fortis and pledged to them.
Ageas and BNP Paribas Fortis have entered into a Relative Performance Note (RPN) contract, the value of which varies contractually so as to offset the
impact on BNP Paribas Fortis of the relative difference between changes in the value of the CASHES and changes in the value of the Ageas shares.
Since 1 January 2022, the liability is no longer eligible to prudential own funds.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

253

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

➤ DEBT SECURITIES MEASURED AT AMORTISED COST
Issuer/Issue date
Currency

In millions euros, at

Original amount in
foreign currency

(millions)

Date of call or
interest step‑up

Interest rate

Interest rate
reset

Conditions
precedent
for coupon
payment(1)

Debt securities

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

198,119

191,482

Debt securities in issue with an initial maturity of less than one year

82,327

75,743

Negotiable debt securities

82,327

75,743

Debt securities in issue with an initial maturity of more than one year

115,792

115,739

Negotiable debt securities

31,109

30,592

Bonds

84,683

85,147

31,799

24,743

26,073

21,594

Subordinated debt
(2)

Redeemable subordinated debt
Undated subordinated notes

5,460

2,920

Contingent convertible bonds recognised as Tier 1 capital

3,851

1,352

BNP Paribas SA Aug. 23(5)

USD

BNP Paribas SA Feb. 24(5)

USD

BNP Paribas SA Sept. 24(5)

USD

1,500
1,500
1,000

Aug.-28
Aug.-31
Sept.-34

8.5%

CMT
+ 4.354%

E

1,449

1,352

8.000%

CMT
+ 3.727%

E

1,449

-

7.375%

CMT
+3.535%

E

Other perpetual subordinated notes

953

-

1,609

1,568

BNP Paribas SA Oct. 85(3)

EUR

305

-

TMO
- 0.25%

-

B

254

254

BNP Paribas SA Sept. 86 (4)

USD

500

-

Libor 6 month
+ 0.075%

-

C

-

248

D

1,000

998

BNP Paribas Cardif Nov. 14

EUR

1,000

Nov.-25

4.032%

Euribor 3
month
+ 393 bp

BMCI Feb. 23

MAD

750

Feb.-28

3.9%

2.5%-2.6%

F

71

68

9.375%

CMT
+5.758%

G

284

-

TEB Sept. 24

USD

300

sept.-29

Perpetual participating notes

225

225

219

219

Others

6

6

Expenses and commission, related debt

41

4

BNP Paribas SA July 84(3)(6)

EUR

337

-

(7)

-

(1) Conditions precedent for coupon payment:
B - Payment of the interest is mandatory, unless the Board of directors decides to postpone these payments after the Shareholders’ General Meeting has officially
noted that there is no income available for distribution, where this occurs within the 12‑month period preceding the due date for payment of the interest. Interest
payments are cumulative and are payable in full once dividend payments resume.
C - Payment of the interest is mandatory, unless the Board of directors decides to postpone these payments after the Shareholders’ General Meeting has validated the
decision not to pay out a dividend, where this occurs within the 12‑month period preceding the due date for payment of the interest. Interest payments are
cumulative and are payable in full once dividend payments resume. The bank has the option of resuming payment of interest arrears, even where no dividend is paid
out.
D - Payment of the interest is mandatory, except for cases of regulatory deficiency, in agreement with the regulator, or of suspension of payments. Interest payments
are cumulative and are payable in full, once coupon payments resume, or, if these events occur before, when the issuance is redeemed or when the issuer is
liquidated.
E - Payment of the interest is at full discretion and could be cancelled in whole or in part if the relevant regulator notifies based on its assessment of the financial and
solvency situation of the issuer. Interest amounts on the Notes will be non‑cumulative, once coupon payments resume.
F - Payment of interest is made on a discretionary basis and may be fully or partially cancelled with the prior approval of Bank Al‑Maghrib for an indefinite period
and on a non‑cumulative basis to meet its obligations. Interest amounts on bonds will not be cumulative when coupon payments resume.
G - Payment of interest is discretionary and may be fully or partially cancelled at any time and for any reason for an indefinite period. Interest amounts on bonds will
not be cumulative when coupon payments resume.
(2) See reference relating to “Debt securities at fair value through profit or loss”.
(3) These securities are no longer eligible to prudential own funds since 31 December 2023.
(4) This instrument has been fully redeemed on 28 March 2024.
(5) The instruments issued by BNP Paribas SA in August 2023 and February and September 2024 are contingent convertible securities classified as financial liabilities in
accounting and eligible to Additional Tier 1 capital (see note 1.f.8). The distribution from these instruments is recognised directly as a reduction from equity.
(6) The participating notes issued by BNP Paribas SA may be repurchased as provided for in the law of 3 January 1983. The number of notes in the market is 1,434,092.
(7) Depending on net income subject to a minimum of 85% of the TMO rate and a maximum of 130% of the TMO rate.

254

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4.i

4

CURRENT AND DEFERRED TAXES

In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Current taxes

2,836

2,942

Deferred taxes

3,379

3,614

CURRENT AND DEFERRED TAX ASSETS

6,215

6,556

Current taxes

2,346

2,725

Deferred taxes

1,311

1,096

CURRENT AND DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

3,657

3,821

Change in deferred tax by nature over the period:

In millions of euros, at

Financial instruments

31 December
2023

Changes
recognised in
Changes equity that may
recognised in be reclassified to
profit or loss
profit or loss

Effects of
exchange rates,
consolidation
scope and other
movements

31 December
2024

159

97

(2,523)

(47)

18

1,120

(2,067)

(862)

Provisions for employee benefit obligations

897

252

Unrealised finance lease reserve

(599)

(44)

37

(606)

Credit risk impairment

2,352

(301)

(32)

2,019

Tax loss carryforwards

732

14

340

1,086

Other items

1,203

(47)

(184)

972

NET DEFERRED TAXES

2,518

(988)

276

2,068

Deferred tax assets

3,614

3,379

Deferred tax liabilities

(1,096)

(1,311)

In order to determine the amount of the tax loss carryforwards
recognised as assets, the Group conducts every year a specific
review for each relevant entity based on the applicable tax regime,
notably incorporating any time limit rules, and a realistic projection
of their future revenue and charges in line with their business plan.

4.j

150

Changes
recognised in
equity that will
not be
reclassified to
profit or loss

150

112

4

The vast majority of tax losses are carried forward indefinitely. The
expected recovery period for the related deferred taxes is 5 years.
Unrecognised deferred tax assets totalled EUR 658 million at 31
December 2024 (of which EUR 585 million of tax loss carryforwards)
compared with EUR 541 million at 31 December 2023 (of which EUR
491 million of tax loss carryforwards).

ACCRUED INCOME/EXPENSE AND OTHER ASSETS/LIABILITIES

In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

125,090

119,187

460

773

Accrued income and prepaid expenses

5,686

5,400

Other debtors and miscellaneous assets

42,911

45,398

TOTAL ACCRUED INCOME AND OTHER ASSETS

174,147

170,758

Guarantee deposits received

86,113

87,612

Collection accounts

2,959

3,124

Accrued expense and deferred income

8,498

8,265

Lease liabilities

2,848

3,058

Other creditors and miscellaneous liabilities

36,537

41,614

TOTAL ACCRUED EXPENSE AND OTHER LIABILITIES

136,955

143,673

Guarantee deposits and bank guarantees paid
Collection accounts

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

255

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4.k

EQUITY‑METHOD INVESTMENTS

Cumulated financial information of associates and joint ventures is presented in the following table:

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

31 December
2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

31 December
2023

Share of net
income and
changes in
assets and
liabilities
recognised
directly in
equity

Equitymethod
investments

In millions of euros

Share of net
income

Share of
changes in
assets and
liabilities
recognised
directly in
equity

Share of net
income and
changes in
assets and
liabilities
recognised
directly in
equity

Equitymethod
investments

Share of net
income

Share of
changes in
assets and
liabilities
recognised
directly in
equity

Joint ventures

(10)

225

215

1,960

(49)

(64)

(113)

1,784

Associates(1)

711

308

1,019

5,902

642

16

658

4,967

TOTAL EQUITY‑METHOD ENTITIES

701

533

1,234

7,862

593

(48)

545

6,751

(1) Including controlled but non‑material entities consolidated under the equity method.

Financing and guarantee commitments given by the Group to joint ventures are listed in note 8.i Other related parties.
The carrying amount of the Group’s investment in the main joint ventures and associates is presented in the following table:
In millions of euros, at

Country of registration

Activity

Interest (%)

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Union de Creditos Inmobiliarios

Spain

Retail mortgage

50%

233

256

BoB Cardif Life Insurance

China

Life Insurance

50%

454

240

Genius Auto Finance Co Ltd

China Specialised loans

25%

331

290

Insurance

25%

407

393

China Specialised loans

32%

256

223

Joint ventures

Pinnacle Pet Holding Ltd

United Kingdom

Associates
BON BNPP Consumer Finance Co Ltd
AG Insurance

Belgium

Insurance

25%

593

462

Bank of Nanjing

China

Retail Banking

16%

3,661

2,813

United Kingdom Financial Services

12%

283

312

Allfunds Group Plc

256

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4.l

4

PROPERTY, PLANT, EQUIPMENT AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS USED IN OPERATIONS,
INVESTMENT PROPERTY
31 December 2024

In millions of euros, at

INVESTMENT PROPERTY

Accumulated
depreciation,
amortisation and
impairment
Gross value

Carrying
amount

31 December 2023
Accumulated
depreciation,
amortisation and
impairment
Gross value

Carrying
amount

855

(331)

524

785

(299)

486

Land and buildings

11,049

(4,758)

6,291

11,317

(4,633)

6,684

Equipment, furniture and fixtures

7,067

(5,468)

1,599

7,007

(5,321)

1,686

Plant and equipment leased as lessor under operating
leases

51,333

(11,021)

40,312

45,720

(10,567)

35,153

Other property, plant and equipment

2,924

(1,336)

1,588

2,338

(1,125)

1,213

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

72,373

(22,583)

49,790

66,382

(21,646)

44,736

Of which right of use

5,786

(3,387)

2,399

5,978

(3,322)

2,656

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT
PROPERTY

73,228

(22,914)

50,314

67,167

(21,945)

45,222

Purchased software

4,135

(3,407)

728

3,853

(3,145)

708

Internally developed software

6,752

(5,137)

1,615

6,908

(5,398)

1,510

Other intangible assets

2,696

(647)

2,049

2,547

(623)

1,924

INTANGIBLE ASSETS

13,583

(9,191)

4,392

13,308

(9,166)

4,142

4

Investment property
Land and buildings leased by the Group as lessor under operating leases are recorded in “Investment property”.
The estimated fair value of investment property accounted for at amortised cost at 31 December 2024 is EUR 718 million, compared with
EUR 702 million at 31 December 2023.

Operating leases
Operating leases and investment property transactions are in certain cases subject to agreements providing for the following minimum future
payments:
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Future minimum lease payments receivable under non‑cancellable leases

12,142

10,718

Payments receivable within 1 year

5,131

4,570

Payments receivable after 1 year but within 5 years

6,987

6,105

24

43

Payments receivable beyond 5 years

Future minimum lease payments receivable under non‑cancellable leases are payments that the lessee is required to make during the lease term.
At 31 December 2024, commitments to purchase vehicles and equipment intended for operating leasing amounted to EUR 5.2 billion.

Intangible assets
Other intangible assets include leasehold rights, goodwill and trademarks acquired by the Group.

Amortisation and provision
Net depreciation and amortisation expense for the year ended 31 December 2024 was EUR 2,356 million, compared with EUR 2,224 million for
the year ended 31 December 2023.
The net increase in impairment on property, plant, equipment and intangible assets taken to the profit and loss account for the year ended
31 December 2024 amounted to EUR 34 million, compared with EUR 19 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

257

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4.m GOODWILL
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

5,549

5,294

Acquisitions

130

260

Divestments

(157)

(7)

28

2

5,550

5,549

CARRYING AMOUNT AT START OF PERIOD

Impairment recognised during the period
Exchange rate adjustments
CARRYING AMOUNT AT END OF PERIOD
Gross value

8,636

8,639

Accumulated impairment recognised at the end of period

(3,086)

(3,090)

Goodwill by cash‑generating unit is as follows:

Carrying amount
In millions of euros

31 December 2024

Recognised impairment

31 December 2023 Year to 31 Dec. 2024 Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Corporate & Institutional Banking

1,275

1,275

Global Banking

280

277

Global Markets

534

549

Securities Services

461

449

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

2,954

3,058

Arval

641

633

Leasing Solutions

147

147

Personal Finance(1)

1,360

1,432

Personal Investors(1)

488

562

New Digital Businesses

253

220

Commercial Bank in Belgium

34

34

Other

31

30

Investment & Protection Services

1,318

1,213

Asset Management

202

197

Insurance

397

299

Real Estate

407

404

Wealth Management

312

313

3

3

-

5,550

5,549

-

Other Activities
TOTAL GOODWILL

-

-

Acquisitions
31 December 2024

31 December 2023

-

67

67

-

-

30

166
23

-

-

30

143

100

27
9

Negative goodwill

241

CHANGE IN VALUE OF GOODWILL RECOGNISED
IN THE PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT

241

100

18

-

-

-

-

130

260

-

(1) During the year ended 2024, the goodwill relating to Cetelem SA de CV and Sharekhan (-EUR 84 million and -EUR 73 million respectively) was
removed following their disposal from the Personal Finance and Personal Investors cash‑generating units.

The Group carried out a detailed analysis of goodwill to identify
whether impairments were necessary in connection with the the
current economic situation.
This analysis is based in particular on the assumptions of economic
scenarios (see note 2.g).

258

The cash‑generating units (CGU) to which goodwill is allocated are:
Global Banking: Global Banking combines financing solutions to
corporates, all transaction banking products, corporate finance
advisory services in mergers and acquisitions and primary equity
activities.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Global Markets: Global Markets provides investment, hedging,
financing and research services across asset classes, to corporate
and institutional clients – as well as private and retail banking
networks. The sustainable, long‑term business model of Global
Markets connects clients to capital markets throughout EMEA
(Europe, Middle East & Africa), Asia Pacific and the Americas, with
innovative solutions and digital platforms. Global Markets includes
activities of Global Macro (Foreign Exchange, Global Rates, Local
Markets, Commodity Derivatives), Global Credit (DCM Bonds, Credit,
Securitisation) and Global Equities (Equities, Cash Equities and Prime
Services).
Securities Services: Securities Services provides integrated solutions
for all actors involved in the investment cycle, sell side, buy side and
issuers.
Arval: specialist in vehicle long‑term leasing and mobility, Arval
offers corporates (from multinational companies to small and
medium companies), employees and individuals tailored solutions
that optimise their mobility.
Leasing Solutions: BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions uses a
multi‑channel partnership approach (sales via referrals,
partnerships, direct sales and banking networks) to offer corporate
and small business clients an array of leasing and rental solutions,
ranging from equipment financing to fleet outsourcing.
Personal Finance: BNP Paribas Personal Finance is the Group’s
consumer credit specialist. Through its brands and partnerships
such as Cetelem, Cofinoga, Findomestic, AlphaCredit or Stellantis
Financial Services, Personal Finance provides a full range of
consumer loans at point of sale (retail stores and car dealerships) or
through its customer relation centres and websites and mobile
applications. The business line, in some countries outside the
domestic markets, is integrated into the BNP Paribas Group’s retail
banking.
Personal Investors: BNP Paribas Personal Investors is a digital
specialist of banking and investment services. Based in Germany, it
provides a wide range of banking, savings and long and short‑term
investment services to individual clients via the internet, and also on
the phone and face‑to‑face. In addition to its activities destined to
private clients, Personal Investors offers its services and IT platform
to independent financial consultants, asset managers and FinTechs.
New Digital Businesses: they include the account management
service “Nickel”, 50% of Floa since January 2022 and 50% of Kantox
since July 2023. Nickel is open to all, without any conditions
regarding income, deposits or personal wealth, and without any
overdraft or credit facility. This service, which operates in real time
using the latest technology, is available through over 11,500 points

4

of sale in France, Spain, Belgium, Portugal and Germany. Floa offers
consumers split payments, mini‑loans and bank cards. The company
is a partner of major e‑retailers, key players in travel and FinTechs,
for which it develops tailor‑made services. Already leader in France
in payment facilities, Floa is present in Spain, Belgium, Italy,
Germany, Netherlands and Portugal. Kantox provides currency
management automation software, enabling companies to effectively
handle the entire currency management stream and unlock growth
opportunities.
Asset Management: BNP Paribas Asset Management is the dedicated
asset management business line of the BNP Paribas Group. It offers
services to individual investors (through internal distributors –
BNP Paribas private and retail banking – and external distributors),
to corporates and to institutional investors (insurance companies,
retirement funds, official institutions). Its aim is to offer an added
value based on a broad range of expertise throughout its active
management of equities and bonds, its activity of private debt,
private asset and real asset management and its multi‑asset,
quantitative and solutions division.
Insurance: BNP Paribas Cardif, a world leader in personal insurance,
designs, develops and markets savings and protection products and
services to protect individuals, their projects and their assets.
BNP Paribas Cardif also offers products in damage insurance, health
insurance, budget insurance, revenue and means of payment
insurance, unexpected event protection (unemployment, accident,
death, theft or breakage) or the protection of private digital data to
meet the evolution of customers’ needs.

4

Real Estate: BNP Paribas Real Estate serves the needs of its clients,
whether institutional investors, corporates, public entities or
individuals, at all stages of the life cycle of their property (from the
conception of a construction project to its daily management). The
Group is involved in property development, investment management
as well as property management, brokerage, consulting and
valuation services.
Wealth Management: Wealth Management encompasses the private
banking activities of BNP Paribas and serves a clientele of wealthy
individuals, shareholder families and entrepreneurs seeking a
one‑stop shop for all their wealth management and financial needs.
Commercial & Personal Banking In Belgium: Commercial & Personal
Banking in Belgium activities comprise banking services to a range of
client types, including individual customers, self‑employed people
and those in the liberal professions, small and medium‑sized
companies, local businesses, corporate clients and non‑profit
organisations.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

259

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Goodwill impairment tests are based on three different methods:
observation of transactions related to comparable businesses, share
price data for listed companies with comparable businesses, and
discounted future cash flows (DCF).

Cost of capital is determined on the basis of a risk‑free rate, an
observed market risk premium weighted by a risk factor based on
comparables specific to each cash‑generating unit. The values of
these parameters are obtained from external information sources.

If one of the two comparables‑based methods indicates the need for
impairment, the DCF method is used to validate the results and
determine the amount of impairment required.

Allocated capital is determined for each cash‑generating unit based
on the “Common Equity Tier One” regulatory requirements for the
main legal entity to which the cash‑generating unit belongs, with a
minimum of 7%.

The DCF method is based on a number of assumptions in terms of
future revenues, expenses and cost of risk (cash flows) based on
medium‑term business plans over a period of five years. Cash flow
projections beyond the 5‑year forecast period are based on a growth
rate to perpetuity and are normalised when the short‑term
environment does not reflect the normal conditions of the economic
cycle.
The key parameters which are sensitive to the assumptions made
are the cost of capital, the cost/income ratio, the cost of risk and the
growth rate to perpetuity.

The infinite growth rate applied is 2%. It is calculated based on data
provided by private companies specialised in macroeconomic
research and analysis.
The following table shows the sensitivity of the valuation of the
Personal Finance cash generating unit to changes in the value of
parameters used in the DCF calculation: the cost of capital after tax,
the cost/income ratio in terminal value, the cost of risk in terminal
value and the growth rate to perpetuity.

➤ SENSITIVITY OF THE MAIN GOODWILL VALUATIONS TO A 10‑BASIS POINT CHANGE IN THE COST OF CAPITAL, A

100‑BASIS POINT CHANGE IN THE COST/INCOME RATIO IN TERMINAL VALUE, A 5% CHANGE OF THE COST OF RISK
IN TERMINAL VALUE AND A 50‑BASIS POINT CHANGE IN THE GROWTH RATE TO PERPETUITY

In millions of euros

Personal Finance

Cost of capital

9.4%

Adverse change (+10 basis points)

(192)

Positive change (-10 basis points)

198

Cost/income ratio

46.2%

Adverse change (+100 basis points)

(453)

Positive change (-100 basis points)

453

Cost of risk

(1,762)

Adverse change (+5%)

(607)

Positive change (-5%)

607

Growth rate to perpetuity

2.0%

Adverse change (-50 basis points)

(293)

Positive change (+50 basis points)

335

Concerning the cash‑generating unit Personal Finance, there would be no need to depreciate even by using, for the impairment test, the four
most unfavourable variations in the table.

260

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

4.n PROVISIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES AND CHARGES
➤ PROVISIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES AND CHARGES BY TYPE

Changes in value
recognised
Provisions used directly in equity

Effect of
movements in
exchange rates
and other
movements

31 December
2024

31 December
2023

Net additions to
provisions

6,509

1,414

(1,307)

(182)

109

6,543

3,198

205

(277)

(175)

46

2,997

of which post‑employment healthcare benefits (note
7.b)

78

7

(3)

(7)

of which provision for other long‑term benefits (note
7.c)

1,571

491

(382)

29

1,709

of which provision for voluntary departure, early
retirement plans, and headcount adaptation plan
(note 7.d)

482

65

(216)

(3)

328

of which provision for share‑based payments (note
7.e)

1,180

646

(429)

37

1,434

48

(13)

Provisions for credit commitments (note 2.g)

1,270

(145)

(39)

(31)

1,055

Provisions for litigations(1)

1,005

193

(283)

(10)

905

In millions of euros, at

Provisions for employee benefits
of which post‑employment benefits (note 7.b)

Provisions for home savings accounts and plans

75

4

35

Other provisions for contingencies and charges

1,686

148

(614)

TOTAL PROVISIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES AND CHARGES

10,518

1,597

(2,243)

(182)

48

1,268

116

9,806

(1) Of which EUR 366 million in provisions for mortgage loans in Swiss franc or indexed to the Swiss franc in Poland at 31 December 2024, compared with
EUR 265 million at 31 December 2023 and EUR 38 million in provisions for foreign currency loans issued by BNP Paribas Personal Finance at
31 December 2024, compared with EUR 180 million at 31 December 2023.

In 2023, the Group modified its accounting policy relating to the risk of loss of cash flows on financial instruments granted that are not linked to
the counterparty’s default, such as legal risks calling into question the validity or enforceability of such contracts (see note 2.h).
The effect on expected cash flows due to these risks is now considered as a change in the contract’s cash flows, in accordance with IFRS 9
B5.4.6, and is recorded as a decrease in the gross value of the asset. It was previously recognised separately in accordance with IAS 37 in
“Provisions for risks and charges”. Expected losses on derecognised financial instruments, as is the case when loans have been repaid, continue
to be recognised in accordance with IAS 37.

➤ PROVISIONS AND DISCOUNT FOR HOME SAVINGS ACCOUNTS AND PLANS
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Deposits collected under home savings accounts and plans

12,636

14,606

of which deposits collected under home savings plans

10,504

12,426

Aged more than 10 years

7,131

6,695

Aged between 4 and 10 years

2,610

4,926

763

805

Outstanding loans granted under home savings accounts and plans

18

9

of which loans granted under home savings plans

14

4

Provisions and discount recognised for home savings accounts and plans

35

48

provisions recognised for home savings plans

24

33

provisions recognised for home savings accounts

11

15

discount recognised for home savings accounts and plans

-

-

Aged less than 4 years

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

261

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4.o OFFSETTING OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
The following tables present the amounts of financial assets and
liabilities before and after offsetting. This information, required by
IFRS 7, aims to enable the comparability with the accounting
treatment applicable in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States (US GAAP), which are less
restrictive than IAS 32 as regards offsetting.

The “impacts of master netting agreements and similar agreements”
are relative to outstanding amounts of transactions within an
enforceable agreement, which do not meet the offsetting criteria
defined by IAS 32. This is the case of transactions for which
offsetting can only be performed in case of default, insolvency or
bankruptcy of one of the contracting parties.

“Amounts set off on the balance sheet” have been determined
according to IAS 32. Thus, a financial asset and a financial liability
are offset and the net amount presented on the balance sheet when,
and only when, the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off
the recognised amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis,
or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
Amounts set off derive mainly from repurchase agreements and
derivative instruments traded with clearing houses.

“Financial instruments given or received as collateral” include
guarantee deposits and securities collateral recognised at fair value.
These guarantees can only be exercised in case of default, insolvency
or bankruptcy of one of the contracting parties.

In millions of euros,

at 31 December 2024

Gross amounts of
financial assets

Regarding master netting agreements, the guarantee deposits
received or given in compensation for the positive or negative fair
values of financial instruments are recognised in the balance sheet
in accrued income or expenses and other assets or liabilities.

Gross amounts set off Net amounts presented
on the balance sheet on the balance sheet

Impact of Master
Netting Agreements
(MNA) and similar
agreements

Financial instruments
received as collateral

Net amounts

Assets
Financial instruments at fair value
through profit or loss
Securities

267,357

Loans and repurchase agreements

429,312

(203,613)

225,699

(28,506)

(178,752)

18,441

Derivative financial instruments
(including derivatives used for
hedging purposes)

986,171

(642,689)

343,482

(245,188)

(52,223)

46,071

Financial assets at amortised cost

1,078,804

(541)

1,078,263

(1,194)

(7,485)

1,069,584

of which repurchase agreements

9,431

(541)

8,890

(1,194)

(7,485)

211
130,203

Accrued income and other assets

267,357

267,357

174,147

174,147

(43,944)

of which guarantee deposits paid

125,090

125,090

(43,944)

Other assets not subject to offsetting

615,960

615,960

TOTAL ASSETS

2,704,908

(274,888)

(282,404)

2,147,616

Gross amounts of
financial liabilities

Gross amounts set off Net amounts presented
on the balance sheet on the balance sheet

Impact of Master
Netting Agreements
(MNA) and similar
agreements

Financial instruments
given as collateral

Net amounts

Securities

79,958

79,958

Deposits and repurchase
agreements

508,430

Issued debt securities

104,934

In millions of euros,

at 31 December 2024

3,551,751

(846,843)

81,146
615,960

Liabilities
Financial instruments at fair value
through profit or loss

304,817

(27,351)

(262,872)

104,934

14,594
104,934

Derivative financial instruments
(including derivatives used for
hedging purposes)

981,506

(642,689)

338,817

(245,188)

(46,548)

47,081

Financial liabilities at amortised cost

1,102,270

(541)

1,101,729

(2,349)

(22,573)

1,076,807

of which repurchase agreements

25,990

(541)

25,449

(2,349)

(22,573)

527

Accrued expense and other liabilities

136,955

136,955

(44,223)

92,732

of which guarantee deposits
received

86,113

86,113

(44,223)

41,890

(376,216)

1,919,663

Other liabilities not subject
to offsetting
TOTAL LIABILITIES

262

(203,613)

79,958

503,557
3,417,610

503,557
(846,843)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2,570,767

503,557
(274,888)

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

In millions of euros,
at 31 December 2023

Gross
amounts of
financial
assets

Gross
amounts
set off on the
balance sheet

Net amounts
presented on the
balance sheet

Impact of Master
Financial
Netting Agreements
instruments
(MNA) and similar
agreements received as collateral

4

Net amounts

Assets
Financial instruments at fair value
through profit or loss
Securities

211,634

211,634

211,634

Loans and repurchase
agreements

462,109

(234,934)

227,175

(28,383)

(181,529)

17,263

Derivative financial instruments
(including derivatives used for
hedging purposes)

890,604

(576,833)

313,771

(213,517)

(51,325)

48,929

Financial assets at amortised cost

1,005,096

(400)

1,004,696

(676)

(4,325)

999,695

of which repurchase agreements

5,814

(400)

5,414

(676)

(4,325)

413

Accrued income and other assets

170,758

170,758

(40,664)

130,094

of which guarantee deposits
paid

119,187

119,187

(40,664)

78,523

663,465

663,465

Other assets not subject to
offsetting
TOTAL ASSETS

In millions of euros,

at 31 December 2023

3,403,666

Gross
amounts of
financial
liabilities

4

663,465

(812,167)

2,591,499

(242,576)

(277,843)

2,071,080

Gross
amounts
set off on the
balance sheet

Net amounts
presented on the
balance sheet

Impact of Master
Netting Agreements
(MNA) and similar
agreements

Financial
instruments
given as collateral

Net amounts

Liabilities
Financial instruments at fair value
through profit or loss
Securities

104,910

Deposits and repurchase
agreements

508,548

Issued debt securities

83,763

Derivative financial instruments
(including derivatives used
for hedging purposes)

893,736

(576,833)

316,903

(213,517)

(41,756)

61,630

Financial liabilities at amortised cost

1,084,124

(400)

1,083,724

(2,946)

(26,145)

1,054,633

of which repurchase agreements

31,269

(400)

30,869

(2,946)

(26,145)

1,778

Accrued expense and other liabilities

143,673

143,673

(46,631)

97,042

87,612

87,612

(46,631)

40,981

456,045

456,045

of which guarantee deposits
received
Other liabilities not subject
to offsetting
TOTAL LIABILITIES

3,274,799

104,910
(234,934)

273,614

104,910
(26,113)

(231,737)

83,763

(812,167)

2,462,632

15,764
83,763

456,045
(242,576)

(346,269)

1,873,787

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

263

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4.p TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
Financial assets that have been transferred but not derecognised by
the Group are mainly composed of securities sold temporarily under
repurchase agreements or securities lending transactions, as well as
securitised assets. The liabilities associated to securities temporarily

sold under repurchase agreements consist of debts recognised under
the “repurchase agreements” heading. The liabilities associated to
securitised assets consist of the securitisation notes purchased by
third parties.

➤ SECURITIES LENDING, REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS
31 December 2024
In millions of euros, at

Carrying amount of
transferred assets

Carrying amount of
associated liabilities

31 December 2023
Carrying amount of
transferred assets

Carrying amount of
associated liabilities

Securities lending operations
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at amortised cost

11,034

7,565

85

474

Financial assets at fair value through equity

39

Repurchase agreements
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss

59,543

59,543

49,747

49,700

Financial assets at amortised cost

2,009

2,009

5,949

5,949

Financial assets at fair value through equity

1,165

1,165

1,936

1,936

Financial investments of insurance activities

4,163

4,194

8,995

8,316

TOTAL

77,999

66,911

74,705

65,901

➤ SECURITISATION TRANSACTIONS PARTIALLY REFINANCED BY EXTERNAL INVESTORS, WHOSE RECOURSE IS LIMITED
TO THE TRANSFERRED ASSETS

In millions of euros,

at 31 December 2024

Carrying amount of
transferred assets

Carrying amount of
associated
Fair value of
liabilities transferred assets

Fair value of
associated
liabilities

Net position

Securitisation
Financial assets at amortised cost

28,465

26,122

28,517

26,060

2,457

TOTAL

28,465

26,122

28,517

26,060

2,457

Carrying amount of
associated
Fair value of
liabilities transferred assets

Fair value of
associated
liabilities

Net position

In millions of euros,

at 31 December 2023

Carrying amount of
transferred assets

Securitisation
Financial assets at amortised cost

27,995

26,355

28,032

26,278

1,754

TOTAL

27,995

26,355

28,032

26,278

1,754

There have been no significant transfers leading to partial or full derecognition of the financial assets in which the Bank has a continuing
involvement.

264

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

Note 5 NOTES RELATED TO INSURANCE ACTIVITIES
5.a

■ “Insurance service expenses”: actual charges attributable to

NET INCOME FROM INSURANCE
ACTIVITIES

The various income and expenses of insurance contracts are broken
down in the “Net income from insurance activities” as follows:
■ “Insurance revenue” includes revenue from insurance activities

related to groups of insurance contracts issued. Insurance
revenue reflects the provision of services relating to a group of
contracts in an amount corresponding to the consideration to
which the insurer expects to be entitled in exchange for those
services;
In millions of euros

insurance contracts incurred over the period, changes related
to past and current service, amortisation of acquisition costs,
and the loss component for onerous contracts;
■ “Investment return”;
■ “Net finance income or expenses from insurance contracts”

includes the change in the carrying amount of insurance
contracts resulting from the undiscounting effect, and the
financial risk including changes in financial assumptions.

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Insurance revenue

9,711

8,945

Insurance service expenses(1)

(7,502)

(6,786)

Investment return

11,554

10,254

Net finance income or expenses from insurance contracts

(11,367)

(10,093)

2,396

2,320

NET INCOME FROM INSURANCE ACTIVITIES

4

(1) Insurance service expenses include attributable expenses which amounted to -EUR 4,125 million for the year ended 2024, compared with
-EUR 3,723 million for the year ended 2023 (see note 5.b).

Insurance service result
“Insurance service result” includes:
■ “Insurance revenue”: for contracts under the variable fee

approach and under the building block approach, it represents
the release of fulfilment insurance contracts cash flows over
the period (excluding changes in investment component and
the amount allocated to the loss component), change in the
non‑financial risk adjustment, amortisation of the contractual
service margin for services provided over the period, the
amount allocated for the amortisation of acquisition cost, and
for the general measurement model specifically, experience
adjustments related to premiums.
For contracts under the variable fee approach, the amortisation
of the margin on contractual services is determined after
adjusting the difference between the real‑world expected
financial return and the risk‑neutral projection. The main
financial assumptions underlying the calculation of the
real‑world expected financial return are those adopted by the
Group over the horizon of the strategic plan. Beyond this
horizon, the interest rate and return assumptions used are
determined in line with those underlying the risk‑neutral
projection.

The recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows corresponds to
the portion of the premiums that relate to recovering these
cash flows and the same amount is recognised as an expense
on the line “Amortisation of insurance acquisition cash flows”.
For contracts under the simplified measurement model,
revenue represents expected cash‑flows over the period.
■ “Insurance service expenses” includes incurred and past claims

expenses of the period (excluding repayments of investment
component) and other expenses that have been incurred
related to insurance activities. Other insurance service expenses
include the amortisation of insurance acquisition cash flows;
changes that relate to past services and changes that relate to
future services. This line also includes the operating expenses
and depreciation and amortisation attributable to insurance
contracts.
■ “Net expenses from reinsurance contracts held” are service

expenses from reinsurance net of amounts recovered from
reinsurers.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

265

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Contracts not measured under the premium allocation approach

5,551

5,435

Changes in the liability for remaining coverage

2,349

2,221

Change in the risk adjustment

133

122

Contractual service margin

1,908

1,825

Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows

1,161

1,267

Contracts measured under the premium allocation approach

4,160

3,510

Insurance revenue

9,711

8,945

Incurred claims and expenses

(4,077)

(3,928)

Amortisation of insurance acquisition cash flows

(2,876)

(2,612)

Changes that relate to past service

(42)

249

Loss component recognised in profit or loss

(54)

(62)

Net expenses from reinsurance contracts held

(453)

(433)

Insurance service expenses

(7,502)

(6,786)

INSURANCE SERVICE RESULT

2,209

2,159

Financial result
“Financial Result” includes “Investment return” and “Net finance
income or expenses from insurance contracts.”
“Investment return” includes net income from financial instruments
and from investment properties.
“Changes in fair value of underlying items of direct participation
contracts” reflects the changes in value of underlying investments,
for the amount which was not recognised directly in equity, and

excluding the portion of these changes adjusting the contract service
margin.
“Other insurance financial expenses” measured under the general
model and under the simplified model represent the change in
technical liabilities arising from financial risks (discount rates
variations, forex rates, time value and financial variations expected
in the contracts) for the amount which was not recognised directly
in equity.

In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Net interest income

2,579

2,376

Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through equity

(329)

(432)

(413)

(445)

Net gain on debt instruments
Dividend income on equity instruments

84

13

9,000

9,040

3

24

374

(672)

1

(6)

Other expenses

(74)

(76)

Investment return

11,554

10,254

Changes in fair value of underlying items of direct participation contracts

(11,197)

(9,940)

(170)

(153)

(11,367)

(10,093)

187

161

Net gain on financial instruments at fair value through profit and loss
Cost of risk
Investment property income
Share of earnings of equity‑method investments

Other insurance financial expenses
Net finance income or expenses from insurance contracts
FINANCIAL RESULT

266

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

5.b RECONCILIATION OF EXPENSES BY TYPE AND BY FUNCTION
In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Commissions and other expenses

(2,949)

(2,494)

Expenses incurred by internal distributors (see note 2.f)

(1,085)

(1,041)

Salary and employee benefit expense (see note 7.a)

(839)

(778)

Taxes and contributions

(97)

(86)

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets

(173)

(32)

TOTAL EXPENSES BY TYPE

(5,143)

(4,431)

Acquisition cash flows incurred over the period

3,062

2,562

Amortisation of acquisition cash flows

(2,876)

(2,612)

TOTAL EXPENSES BY TYPE ADJUSTED FOR ACQUISITION CASH FLOWS AMORTISATION EFFECT

(4,957)

(4,481)

Insurance contracts attributable expenses (see note 5.a)

(4,125)

(3,723)

Insurance activities non attributable costs (see note 2.f)

(832)

(758)

4

Acquisition cash flows over the period are deducted from total expenses and amortised over the coverage period of the contracts.

5.c

INVESTMENTS, OTHER ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES RELATED TO INSURANCE
ACTIVITIES

➤ INVESTMENTS AND OTHER ASSETS RELATED TO INSURANCE ACTIVITIES
31 December 2024

In millions of euros, at

Derivative financial instruments
Derivatives used for hedging purposes

31 December 2023

Assets not
representative of
Assets
unit‑linked representative of
unit‑linked
insurance
contracts
Total
accounts

Total

1,731

1,731

1,658

1,658

74

74

36

36

173,419

64,492

Assets not
representative of
Assets
unit‑linked representative of
unit‑linked
insurance
contracts
accounts

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

61,465

111,954

Financial assets at fair value through equity

102,222

102,222

89,139

89,139

Financial assets at amortised cost

1,379

1,379

1,267

1,267

Investment properties

3,868

7,046

4,008

3,178

92,266

3,483

156,758

7,491

Equity‑method investments

82

82

89

89

Assets related to insurance activities (see note 5.d)

896

896

660

660

286,849

161,349

INVESTMENTS AND OTHER ASSETS RELATED TO
INSURANCE ACTIVITIES

171,717

115,132

95,749

257,098

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

267

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

➤ FINANCIAL LIABILITIES RELATED TO INSURANCE ACTIVITIES
“Financial liabilities related to insurance activities” includes unit‑linked investment contracts without discretionary participating features. Those
contracts are measured under IFRS 9 at fair value through profit or loss.
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Derivative financial instruments

982

1,138

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

238

152

Deposit at fair value through profit or loss

960

1,063

Debt representative of shares of consolidated funds held by third parties

7,317

5,802

Investment contracts without discretionary participation feature – Unit‑linked contracts

8,388

8,427

Other debts

1,922

1,657

FINANCIAL LIABILITIES RELATED TO INSURANCE ACTIVITIES

19,807

18,239

➤ MEASUREMENT OF THE FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The criteria for allocating instruments to each level of the fair value hierarchy, the measurement methods, and the principles governing
transfers between levels are those presented in note 4.d for the Group’s financial instruments.

31 December 2024
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2023

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Financial assets designated as at fair value
through profit or loss

110,018

47,346

16,055

173,419

85,585

56,294

14,879

156,758

Equity instruments

102,824

31,996

15,772

150,592

79,269

41,846

14,779

135,894

7,194

14,827

218

22,239

6,316

13,740

41

20,097

523

65

588

708

59

767

Financial assets at fair value through equity

89,003

13,214

5

102,222

81,018

8,106

15

89,139

Equity instruments

1,729

1,729

646

Debt securities

87,274

13,214

5

100,493

80,372

8,106

15

88,493

-

1,772

33

1,805

2

1,678

14

1,694

199,021

62,332

16,093

277,446

166,605

66,078

14,908

247,591

4,666

10,866

1,133

16,665

2,625

12,039

628

15,292

Debt securities
Loans

Derivative financial instruments
FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE
Financial liabilities designated at fair value
through profit or loss
Deposit at fair value through profit or loss
Debt representative of shares of consolidated
funds held by third parties

960
4,666

2,352

299

7,317

7,554

834

8,388

-

1,198

22

1,220

4,666

12,064

1,155

17,885

Investment contracts without discretionary
participation feature - Unit‑linked contracts
Derivative financial instruments
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES MEASURED AT FAIR
VALUE

960
2,625

646

1,063

1,063

3,177

5,802

7,799

628

8,427

127

977

186

1,290

2,752

13,016

814

16,582

Level 1: includes notably equity securities and liquid bonds, derivative instruments traded on organised markets (futures, options, etc.), shares of
funds and UCITS, for which the net asset value is calculated on a daily basis.
Level 2: includes equity securities, government bonds, corporate debt securities, shares of funds and UCITS, and over‑the‑counter derivatives.
Level 3: includes units of funds and unlisted equity shares which are mainly company shares and venture capital.

268

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

➤ TABLE OF MOVEMENTS IN LEVEL 3 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
For Level 3 financial instruments, the following movements occurred during the period:

Financial assets

In millions of euros

15

Financial liabilities

Financial instruments
at fair value through
profit or loss
Total

Financial instruments
at fair value through Financial assets at fair
profit or loss value through equity

AT 31 DECEMBER 2023

14,893

14,908

Purchases

2,209

2,209

Sales

(2,325)

(2,325)
(3)

(814)

(814)

(110)

(110)

Settlements

40

Transfers to Level 3

463

Transfers from Level 3

(141)

Gains recognised in profit or loss

187

187

(226)

(226)

Items related to exchange rate movement and
changes in scope of consolidation

762

762

(5)

(5)

463
(8)

Changes in fair value of assets and liabilities
recognised in equity
AT 31 DECEMBER 2024

37

Total

16,088

(149)

1

1

5

16,093

(1,155)

4

(1,155)

➤ FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH EQUITY
31 December 2024

31 December 2023

In millions of euros, at

of which changes in value
recognised directly to
equity
Fair value

of which changes in value
recognised directly to
equity
Fair Value

Debt securities

100,493

(5,341)

88,493

(5,154)

Equity securities

1,729

107

646

70

TOTAL FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH EQUITY

102,222

(5,234)

89,139

(5,084)

The option to recognise certain equity instruments at fair value
through equity was retained in particular for shares held through
strategic partnerships and shares that the Group is required to hold
in order to carry out certain activities.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group sold several of
these investments and a net gain of EUR 3 million was transferred to
“retained earnings” (EUR 26 million for the year ended 31 December
2023).

➤ FAIR VALUE OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
The fair value of investment properties amounted to EUR 7.0 billion
at 31 December 2024, compared with EUR 7.5 billion at 31
December 2023. The value of investment properties classified in
Level 3 amounted to EUR 0.5 billion at 31 December 2024.
The entire non‑listed real estate portfolio is appraised by one or
more independent third parties. Experts have professional rules for
carrying out these assessments.

For buildings that are directly held, experts use three main methods:
■ the method by which similar transactions are compared;
■ the rate of return method (rate applied to a rental basis);
■ the discounted cash flows method.

The final value retained by the expert may be a compromise
between these three methods.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

269

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

➤ FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS CARRIED AT AMORTISED COST
31 December 2024
Estimated fair value
In millions of euros, at

Level 1

Loans and receivables

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Carrying
value

1,326

47

1,373

1,379

31 December 2023
Estimated fair value
Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Carrying
value

1,242

24

1,266

1,267

5.d ASSETS AND LIABILITIES RELATED TO INSURANCE CONTRACTS
The main contracts issued by the Group are (see note 1.g.2):

■ reinsurance contracts issued measured under the general

model or the premium allocation approach.

■ insurance contracts covering risks related to persons or

Reinsurance contracts held are also measured under the general
model or the premium allocation approach.

property measured under the general model (building block
approach - BBA) or the premium allocation approach (PAA) for
contracts eligible under this approach;

Insurance and reinsurance contracts issued and reinsurance
contracts held are presented on the assets or liabilities side of the
balance sheet according to the overall position of the portfolios to
which they belong. They are presented separately according to their
valuation model: allocation method or other models (general model
and variable fee approach). Reinsurance contracts held are isolated.

■ life or savings contracts measured under the variable fee

approach (VFA);

31 December 2024
Assets

Liabilities

Net (Assets)
or Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

Net (Assets)
or Liabilities

Insurance contracts not measured under the premium
allocation approach

34

244,978

244,944

22

215,689

215,667

Insurance contracts measured under the premium
allocation approach

153

2,709

2,556

84

2,354

2,270

Reinsurance contracts held

709

12

(697)

554

ASSETS AND LIABILITIES RELATED TO INSURANCE
CONTRACTS

896

247,699

246,803

660

In millions of euros, at

270

31 December 2023

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

(554)
218,043

217,383

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

Tables below show movements in carrying amounts of insurance contracts and do not include reinsurance contracts held.

➤ MOVEMENTS IN CARRYING AMOUNTS OF INSURANCE CONTRACTS - REMAINING COVERAGE AND INCURRED
CLAIMS

Remaining coverage
Insurance contracts issued, excluding reinsurance contracts

Excluding loss
component

Loss component

Incurred claims(3)

Total net liabilities

NET (ASSETS) OR LIABILITIES AT 31 DECEMBER 2022

205,437

152

3,962

209,551

Insurance service result: (income) or expenses

(6,610)

23

3,995

(2,592)

In millions of euros

of which insurance revenue

(8,945)

of which insurance service expenses

(8,945)

2,335

23

3,995

6,353

Net finance (income) or expenses from insurance contracts(2)

14,617

2

65

14,684

Total changes recognised in profit and loss and in equity

8,007

25

4,060

12,092

Investment component

(23,892)

-

23,892

-

Premiums received for insurance contracts issued

26,128

26,128

Insurance acquisition cash flows

(2,285)

(2,285)

Claims and other service expenses paid
Total cash flows

(27,454)

(27,454)

23,843

-

(27,454)

(3,611)

(371)

(7)

283

(95)

NET (ASSETS) OR LIABILITIES AT 31 DECEMBER 2023

213,024

170

4,743

217,937

Insurance service result: (income) or expenses

(7,116)

17

4,437

Changes in scope of consolidation and other items
(1)

(2,662)

of which insurance revenue

(9,711)

of which insurance service expenses

2,595

17

4,437

7,049

Net finance (income) or expenses from insurance contracts(2)

10,952

3

164

11,119

Total changes recognised in profit and loss and in equity

3,836

20

4,601

8,457

Investment component

(19,641)

-

19,641

-

Premiums received for insurance contracts issued

32,795

32,795

Insurance acquisition cash flows

(2,781)

(2,781)

(9,711)

Claims and other service expenses paid
Total cash flows
Changes in scope of consolidation and other items
(1)

NET (ASSETS) OR LIABILITIES AT 31 DECEMBER 2024

4

(24,166)

(24,166)

30,014

-

(24,166)

5,848

15,061

6

191

15,258

242,294

196

5,010

247,500

(1) Including receivables and liabilities attributable to insurance contracts for a net asset of EUR 961 million at 31 December 2024, compared with a net
asset of EUR 549 million at 31 December 2023.
(2) Including finance income and expenses recognised directly in equity.
(3) Including incurred claims for contracts under the premium allocation approach (PAA) for a net liability of EUR 1,956 million at 31 December 2024, of
which EUR 1,814 million in respect of the present value of cash flows and EUR 142 million in respect of the non‑financial risk adjustment.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

271

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

➤ MOVEMENTS IN CARRYING AMOUNTS OF INSURANCE CONTRACTS NOT MEASURED UNDER THE PREMIUM
ALLOCATION APPROACH – ANALYSIS BY MEASUREMENT COMPONENT

Insurance contracts issued not measured under the premium allocation approach,
excluding reinsurance contracts

Present value
of future cash flows

Non‑financial risk
adjustment

Contractual service
margin

Total

NET (ASSETS) OR LIABILITIES AT 31 DECEMBER 2022

189,422

1,048

17,065

207,535

Insurance service result: (income) or expenses

(1,674)

550

(839)

(1,963)

(1,164)

90

1,107

33

In millions of euros

of which changes related to future services - new contracts
of which changes related to future services - change in estimation

(447)

602

(121)

34

of which changes related to current service(2)

32

(103)

(1,825)

(1,896)

of which changes related to past service

(95)

(39)

Net finance (income) or expenses from insurance contracts(3)

14,510

8

51

14,569

Total changes recognised in profit and loss and in equity

12,836

558

(788)

12,606

Premiums received for insurance contracts issued

22,621

22,621

Insurance acquisition cash flows

(892)

(892)

Claims and other service expenses paid

(25,994)

(25,994)

Total cash flows

(4,265)

-

-

(4,265)

Changes in scope of consolidation and other items

(134)

(204)

(3)

(2)

(209)

NET (ASSETS) OR LIABILITIES AT 31 DECEMBER 2023(1)

197,789

1,603

16,275

215,667

Insurance service result: (income) or expenses

(2,919)

154

721

(2,044)

of which changes related to future services - new contracts

(1,529)

123

1,435

29

of which changes related to future services - change in estimation

(1,337)

170

1,194

27

of which changes related to current service(2)

(8)

(118)

(1,908)

(2,034)

of which changes related to past service

(45)

(21)

Net finance (income) or expenses from insurance contracts(3)

10,867

18

60

10,945

Total changes recognised in profit and loss and in equity

7,948

172

781

8,901

Premiums received for insurance contracts issued

28,552

28,552

Insurance acquisition cash flows

(978)

(978)

(22,363)

(22,363)

Claims and other service expenses paid

(66)

Total cash flows

5,211

-

-

5,211

Changes in scope of consolidation and other items

14,613

98

454

15,165

NET (ASSETS) OR LIABILITIES AT 31 DECEMBER 2024(1)

225,561

1,873

17,510

244,944

(1) Including receivables and liabilities attributable to insurance contracts for a net asset of EUR 765 million at 31 December 2024, compared with a net
asset of EUR 501 million at 31 December 2023.
(2) Including an experience adjustment that amounted to -EUR 9 million for the year ended 2024 and to +EUR 38 million for the year ended 2023.
(3) Including finance income and expenses recognised directly in equity.

272

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

➤ EXPECTED AMORTISATION SCHEDULE FOR THE CONTRACTUAL SERVICE MARGIN
The schedule presents the amortisation of the contractual service margin to be recognised over time in profit or loss for protection contracts
under the general model and for saving contracts under the variable fee approach. For the latter, it considers the over performance of financial
assets compared with a risk‑neutral measurement.
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Less than 5 years

7,938

6,734

5 to 10 years

5,347

5,183

More than 10 years

4,225

4,358

TOTAL

17,510

16,275

➤ DISCOUNT RATES AND ADJUSTMENT FOR NON‑FINANCIAL RISK
The table below presents the average discount rates used in the measurement of savings and protection contracts for the main horizons of the
euro curve.

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Savings

Protection

Savings

Protection

1 year

3.17%

2.24%

4.00%

3.36%

5 years

3.07%

2.14%

2.96%

2.32%

10 years

3.20%

2.27%

3.03%

2.39%

15 years

3.26%

2.33%

3.10%

2.47%

20 years

3.19%

2.26%

3.04%

2.41%

40 years

3.09%

Discount rate
For the construction of the yield curve, an approach based on the
risk‑free rate has been adopted, with the following parameters:
■ a risk‑free yield curve, by currency, based on an approach

similar to that proposed by EIOPA (European Insurance and
Occupational Pensions Authority) in the prudential framework,
with two components:
■

■

observable and liquid market component: rates are
determined by reference to market financial instruments that
comply with liquidity, consistency with liabilities and
adjusted to limit the impact of credit risk;
the long‑term interest rate transition component: this
enables the yield curve to be extrapolated for maturities
beyond the liquid portion observable on the market.

■ a liquidity premium applicable to specific types of contracts,

based on assets held.
For savings contracts valued according to the variable fee method,
for which the fulfilment cash flows take into account the return on
underlying financial assets, the risk‑free yield curve is supplemented
by a liquidity premium calculated on the basis of the portfolio of
assets backing the savings and the retirement contracts. By

4

3.04%

assumption, bonds (sovereign and corporate) and diversified
financial assets benefit from a liquidity premium (or illiquidity
premium). The average liquidity premium on all savings portfolios
(in France, Italy and Luxembourg) is 0.91% at 31 December 2024,
compared with 0.65% at 31 December 2023.
For protection contracts measured under the general model and for
liabilities for incurred claims under the simplified approach, the
discounting rate consists of the risk‑free rate adjusted to reflect the
illiquidity of liabilities. For protection, the liquidity premium is
currently valued at zero due to the short settlement period for
claims on the main risks covered.

Adjustment for non‑financial risks

For savings contrats the risk adjustment is determined according to
the cost of capital method, without taking into account the risk of
massive lapses, including future payments, and considering only
attributable expenses. It is measured within a confidence range of
60% and 70%. This one corresponds to a level of confidence of 65% at
31 December 2024 (unchanged compared with 31 December 2023).
For protection contracts, the level of confidence used in determining
the adjustment for non‑financial risks for the main countries is 70%
(based on the quantile method).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

273

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

5.e

RISKS ARISING FROM INSURANCE AND
INVESTMENT CONTRACTS IN THE SCOPE
OF IFRS 17

The BNP Paribas Group conducts its insurance activities mainly
through BNP Paribas Cardif and its subsidiaries.

Risk management framework
Risk management is an integral part of the BNP Paribas Group’s
business model. The Group has developed and implemented a risk
management framework designed to identify, assess, control and
monitor risks related to its various activities.
Risk management involves identifying, measuring, monitoring,
managing and reporting risks arising from the external environment
as well as those inherent to insurance activities. Its objective is to
guarantee the solvency, business continuity and development of the
BNP Paribas Group’s insurance activities under satisfactory risk and
profitability conditions.
The general risk management framework for insurance activities is
presented in section 5.10 Risks related to insurance activity of the
Universal registration document. This framework has been
developed to meet the needs of Solvency II prudential regulation.
The BNP Paribas Group’s exposure to insurance contracts is
disclosed in note 5.d Assets and liabilities related to insurance
contracts.
Pursuant to IFRS 17, the nature and extent of risks arising from
BNP Paribas Group insurance and investment contracts are
determined by their contractual characteristics. Underwriting and
financial risks are the main risks to which the BNP Paribas Group is
exposed as parts of its insurance activities.

5.e.1

Underwriting risk

Under IFRS 17, underwriting risks include:
■ insurance risk: risks linked to mortality, morbidity, longevity, or

the risk of an increase in losses for Protection coverage
(including damage to property);
■ risk related to the behaviour of policyholders: in particular, the

surrender risk;
■ charge

risk: the risk of adverse deviation of contract
management fees from tariffed loadings.

Through its life insurance and savings activities, the BNP Paribas
Group is mainly exposed to:
■ surrender risk: the surrender clause allows policyholders to

request the reimbursement of all or part of their accumulated
savings. The insurer is therefore at risk of surrender volumes
exceeding the forecasts used in asset‑liability management
models, leading to capital losses, if any, on asset disposals
needed to finance excess surrenders;
■ insurance risk: some unit‑linked contracts provide that the

capital paid in to beneficiaries on the death of the insured may
not be less than the sum of the premiums invested in the
contract, regardless of the situation on the financial markets at
the time of death. The risk is therefore characterised by a
statistical component (probability of loss) and a financial
component (market value of the assets in representation of the
unit‑linked liabilities).

274

The risks related to protection relate mainly to the marketing of
creditor protection insurance, but also to activities such as personal
protection insurance, extended warranty, theft or damage to
property, civil liability, life annuity policies in France, and health,
with geographical coverage in many countries.
Creditor protection insurance mainly covers risks of death, disability,
dreaded diseases, incapacity for work, loss of employment and
financial losses on revolving loans, consumer loans and real estate
loans. This activity is based on a multitude of contracts involving low
risk and premium amounts, the profitability of which depends on the
size of the portfolio of contracts, the effective mutualisation of risks
and the control of operating expenses. The insurer is also exposed to
lapse risk in the event of early redemption or transfer of the contract
to another insurer where permitted by regulation.
Other activities (personal protection insurance, extended warranty,
theft, accidental damage to property, life annuity policies in France,
civil liability, health) relate to personal risk (death, accidental death,
hospitalisation, critical illness, healthcare expenses) or to property
and/or liabilities (accidental damage, breakdown or theft of
consumer goods or automobiles, civil liability, etc.). These contracts
are characterised by individual insured sums which are generally
low, whether they are indemnities or lump sums.
Lastly, mainly through the Cardif IARD entity in France, insurance for
motor vehicles (material damage, civil liability, assistance, etc.) and
property risks are also underwritten. Such products are also growing
internationally, particularly in Latin American countries.

Framework for managing underwriting risk
The underwriting risk monitoring and management framework is
based on documented governance and processes. Subscription
operations for direct and intermediated activities, and for accepted
reinsurance are based on similar principles. Within the BNP Paribas
Cardif group, risk underwriting complies with specific delegation
rules involving several levels, both local and central. The level of
delegation depends on the level of assessment of the maximum
acceptable loss, the estimated Solvency II capital requirement and
the estimated profitability of the contracts concerned. The
experience gained from managing geographically diversified
portfolios enables the databases used for risk pricing to be updated
regularly, taking into account numerous parameters (type of loan for
creditor insurance, guarantee, insured population, etc.). Each
contract is priced based on the measurement and monitoring of
profitability and the return on equity set by the Executive
Management of BNP Paribas Cardif.
Contractual clauses allow underwriting risk to be managed in
accordance with regulatory and commercial frameworks through
technical and legal measures, such as tariff revision clauses
provided for in the contract in the event of changes in taxation or
risk of adverse development in loss experience, and the limitation of
the duration of some guarantees.
Partners are interested in the quality of the risks of the contracts
they bring so as to encourage the compliance with good
underwriting practices defined by the Group.
Ceded reinsurance is a complementary element of the underwriting
risk management framework. It aims to protect BNP Paribas from
the main risks to which the Group is exposed.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

Besides, the average redemption rates for BNP Paribas Cardif group
general funds stood in France at 6.2% (compared with 7.9% in 2023),
in Italy at 14.0% (compared with 21.1% in 2023) and in Luxembourg
at 10.6% (compared with 23.8% in 2023).

In savings, underwriting risk is managed through monitoring and
supervision of the offering, adapted to the market context. The Group
thus limits the risk exposure, which is characterised by an
insufficient performance of the investments compared with the
contractual remuneration obligation. Thus 97% of Cardif Assurance
Vie’s outstanding savings and of the retirement contracts in their
accumulation phase do not provide for a guaranteed minimum rate
or a guaranteed minimum rate of more than one year beyond the
capital guarantee. For the French portfolio, the guaranteed average
rate is less than 0.1%. In Italy, Cardif Vita offers an average
guaranteed minimum rate of less than 0.15% on the main general
Capital Vita fund. In Italy, only three segregated funds, in run‑off,
whose total outstandings represent less than 2% of the subsidiary’s
outstandings, have an average guaranteed minimum rate of 2.20%.

Allocation of insurance contract liabilities by
geographical area (excluding reinsurance)
The table below shows the liabilities related to insurance contracts
excluding reinsurance by country of issuance. These liabilities
include the present value of future cash flows, the contractual
service margin, and the adjustment for non‑financial risk.

In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

France(1)

180,289

158,470

Italy(1)

28,109

23,236

Luxembourg(1)

31,138

28,158

Other Europe(1)

1,547

1,492

Asia(1)

5,714

6,055

703

526

247,500

217,937

Latin America(2)
TOTAL

4

(1) Savings and Protection.
(2) Protection only.

Underwriting risk sensitivity analysis

surrenders and mortality for life savings activities and changes in
claims for protection activities). Shocks are applied to current‑year
death claims and surrenders. Sensitivity to non‑financial risks is
presented excluding the effect of ceded reinsurance contracts and
assuming that all other variables remain unchanged.

The table below shows the impact gross of taxes on income and
shareholders’ equity of reasonably possible changes in the main
underwriting risk variables at reporting date (i.e. changes in

31 December 2024
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2023

Potential impact on income

Potential impact on equity

Potential impact on income

Potential impact on equity

-

-

-

-

-/+ 2

-

-/+ 2

-

-/+ 95

-

-/+ 94

-

Savings
Mortality rates (1% increase/decrease)
Lapse rates (5% increase/decrease)
Protection
Ultimate loss rate (5% increase/decrease)

5.e.2

Market risk

Qualitative information on the valuation of the carrying amount and
fair value of financial instruments is provided in the financial
instruments section of note 1.f Financial assets and liabilities.
Quantitative information on the carrying value of financial
instruments is disclosed in note 5.c Investments, other financial
assets and liabilities related to insurance activities.

IFRS 17 defines market risk as the risk that changes in market prices
(e.g. interest rates, currency exchange rates, share prices) affect the
fulfilment cash flows of insurance and reinsurance contracts and the
fair value or future cash flows of financial instruments. Market risk
includes:
■ interest rate risk: the risk that the fair value or future cash

flows of a financial instrument and that fulfilment cash flows of
an insurance or reinsurance contract will fluctuate due to
changes in market interest rates;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

275

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

■ price risk: the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a

financial instrument, and the fulfilment cash flows of an
insurance or reinsurance contract, will fluctuate due to changes
in market prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk
or currency exchange risk), whether these changes are caused
by factors specific to the instrument or contract in question or
to its issuer, or by factors affecting all similar financial
instruments traded on the market or all similar contracts;
■ currency exchange risk: the risk that the fair value or future

cash flows of a financial instrument, as well as fulfilment cash
flows of an insurance or reinsurance contract will fluctuate due
to changes in foreign exchange rates.

Market Risk Management Framework
For its insurance activities, the Group has equipped itself with the
necessary management tools to calibrate the strategic asset
allocation and to measure asset‑liability matching risks.
Asset‑liability studies enable to project expected flows on both the
assets and the liabilities of the various general funds. In particular,
they allow to adapt the duration of assets according to the profile of
the various liabilities.
The investment policy dictates the framework for asset
management. It defines the principles for aligning the structure of
asset portfolios with the commitments made to policyholders, while
optimising the expected return on investment relative to the risk
limit set. Thus, in particular in the case of BNP Paribas Cardif, the
implementation of the investment policy, entrusted to the Asset
Management Department, is governed for each portfolio by a
management agreement that specifies the investment limits
according to asset classes. Market risk can also be managed through
the use of financial hedging instruments.

Market risk exposure is also monitored through targeted studies
such as the review of securities in an unrealised loss position.
In addition, foreign currency exchange risk exposure arises from the
funding of the foreign branches, equity investments in foreign
currency or investment strategy in foreign currency‑denominated
assets in general funds. Foreign exchange risk may be hedged by
forward financial instruments, such as cross‑currency swaps, or by
foreign currency borrowings.
For unit‑linked commitments, market risk is mainly transferred to
policyholders.

Interest rate risk sensitivity analysis
The sensitivity on insurance contracts arises from the following
effects:
■ For insurance contracts without direct participation features

(protection, creditor insurance and property), the fulfilment
cash flows are discounted using a discount rate curve that
depends on the interest rates at closing date. The risk is
therefore mainly related to the degree of matching between the
return on investments and insurance financial income or
expenses.
■ For insurance contracts with direct participation features (life

and savings contracts), the change in the value of insurance
contracts reflects the change in the value of the underlying
financial assets. Therefore the risk is mainly related to the
change in the insurer’s share (the variable fees) in the fair value
of the underlying financial assets.
The table below shows the impact gross of taxes on income and
shareholders’ equity of reasonably possible changes in interest rates
at reporting date. Sensitivities are presented on all financial assets,
excluding assets representing unit‑linked contracts.
Sensitivity was determined for the most significant countries, i.e.
France, Italy and Luxembourg.

31 December 2024
Potential impact on income
related to
investments

Net impact

(12)

(4,019)

3,738

(281)

12

4,015

(3,738)

277

related to
investments(1)

Net impact

+50 bps variation of interest rate risk

(190)

178

-50 bps variation of interest rate risk

249

(237)

In millions of euros, at

Potential impact on equity
related to
insurance
contracts

related to
insurance
contracts

(1) Excepted financial assets representing unit‑linked contracts.

31 December 2023
Potential impact on income

related to
insurance
contracts

Net impact

206

(19)

(3,662)

3,330

(332)

(220)

19

3,662

(3,330)

332

related to
insurance
contracts

+50 bps variation of interest rate risk

(225)

-50 bps variation of interest rate risk

239

(1) Excepted financial assets representing unit‑linked contracts.

276

Net impact

related to
investments

related to
investments(1)

In millions of euros, at

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Potential impact on equity

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Price risk sensitivity analysis
The table below shows the impact gross of taxes on income and
equity of reasonably possible changes in market and real estate
prices at the reporting date. Sensitivities are presented excluding
unit‑linked contracts.

4

Sensitivity was determined for the most significant countries, i.e.
France, Italy and Luxembourg.

31 December 2024
Potential impact on income
related to
investments

Net impact

64

175

(3)

172

1,246

(64)

(175)

3

(172)

1,183

(1,153)

30

(1,183)

1,153

(30)

related to
investments(1)

Net impact

+10% variation of equity market

1,310

(1,246)

-10% variation of equity market

(1,310)

+10% variation of real estate market
-10% variation of real estate market

In millions of euros, at

Potential impact on equity
related to
insurance
contracts

related to
insurance
contracts

(1) Excepted financial assets representing unit‑linked contracts.

4

31 December 2023
Potential impact on income

Potential impact on equity
related to
insurance
contracts

related to
investments(1)

related to
insurance
contracts

Net impact

related to
investments

+10% variation of equity market

1,834

(1,760)

74

61

61

-10% variation of equity market

(1,834)

1,760

(74)

(61)

(61)

+10% variation of real estate market

1,062

(1,031)

31

37

37

-10% variation of real estate market

(1,062)

1,031

(31)

(37)

(37)

In millions of euros, at

Net impact

(1) Excepted financial assets representing unit‑linked contracts.

For savings contracts valued using the variable fees approach, the
change in the value of the underlying financial assets is largely
offset by the change in the value of the liabilities, provided that the
contractual service margin remains positive.
Potential effects on income and equity are therefore mainly derived
from non‑participating contracts and assets representing the
shareholders’ equity of insurance entities.

5.e.3

Credit risk

IFRS 17 defines credit risk as the risk that a party to a financial
instrument, an insurance contract issued which is an asset or a
reinsurance contract held, fails to meet one of its obligations and
thereby causes the other party to suffer a financial loss.
The credit risk related to contracts in the scope of IFRS 17 relates
mainly to reinsurance contracts held (risk of default by a reinsurer
that would no longer allow him to assume a share of the amount
due to him) and to receivables on the partners to whom the
collection of the premiums have been delegated.
Counterparty risk management on reinsurers is achieved through
rigorous selection of reinsurers, negotiation of collateral provided
and regular monitoring of major exposures. The guarantees required
may be real sureties, such as cash deposits and security pledges, or
financial guarantees given and letters of guarantee.
The counterparty risk of BNP Paribas Cardif’s partners comes under
the Partners and Reinsurers credit governance. As with a reinsurer,
an exposure to a partner may be subject to real or personal security.

Depending on the quality of the counterparty, the following
techniques may be used: guarantee of the parent company,
first‑demand bank guarantee, segregated account of the rest of the
assets in the event of bankruptcy, etc.

5.e.4

Liquidity risk

IFRS 17 defines liquidity risk as the difficulty of honouring
commitments related to insurance contracts and financial liabilities
that are to be settled through the provision of cash or other financial
assets.
Tactical asset management is carried out to release the cash needed
to settle insurance benefits, in keeping with the fund's current
management framework, while minimising impacts on the rate of
return on assets.
Liquidity risk is managed centrally based on studies carried out at
intervals appropriate to the risk exposure.
Stress tests are carried out as part of asset‑liability management
studies. They test the ability to honour its commitments in adverse
financial market situations, taking into account the impact of these
situations on the behaviour of policyholders. These medium and
long‑term asset‑liability matching analyses are based on a
projection of the medium and/or long‑term profit and loss account
and balance sheet under various economic scenarios. The analysis of
the results obtained makes it possible to take, where appropriate,
measures to adjust the constraints on asset allocation (strategic
allocation, diversification, derivatives, etc.).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

277

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

The table below details the forward schedule of the present value of the future cash flows of all insurance contracts excluding reinsurance.
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

1 year

7,770

7,094

1 to 2 years

8,037

6,274

2 to 3 years

6,685

6,179

3 to 4 years

6,923

6,074

4 to 5 years

7,735

5,598

5 to 10 years

33,032

19,511

More than 10 years

157,419

148,819

TOTAL

227,601

199,549

For participating contracts, amounts payable on demand correspond to surrender values of saving contracts.

31 December 2024
In millions of euros, at

Amount payable on
demand

Carrying amount

Amount payable on
demand

Carrying amount

227,706

241,278

197,551

212,297

57

6,222

70

5,640

227,763

247,500

197,621

217,937

Participating contracts
Non‑participating contracts
TOTAL

278

31 December 2023

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

Note 6 FINANCING AND GUARANTEE COMMITMENTS
6.a

FINANCING COMMITMENTS GIVEN OR RECEIVED

In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

5,345

3,650

to customers

385,321

365,821

Credit facilities

345,840

328,678

Other financing commitments given to customers

39,481

37,143

390,666

369,471

of which stage 1

375,012

353,147

of which stage 2

14,175

14,857

of which stage 3

1,384

889

95

578

from credit institutions

77,655

69,596

from customers

2,731

3,185

80,386

72,781

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

to credit institutions

82,872

63,132

to customers

125,447

127,203

Financial guarantees

70,266

74,710

Other guarantees

55,181

52,493

208,319

190,335

of which stage 1

197,003

177,315

of which stage 2

9,562

11,701

of which stage 3

1,054

769

700

550

Financing commitments given
to credit institutions

TOTAL FINANCING COMMITMENTS GIVEN

of which insurance activities
Financing commitments received

TOTAL FINANCING COMMITMENTS RECEIVED

4

6.b GUARANTEE COMMITMENTS GIVEN BY SIGNATURE
In millions of euros, at

Guarantee commitments given

TOTAL GUARANTEE COMMITMENTS GIVEN

of which insurance activities

The Group’s annual contribution to the European Union’s Single
Resolution Fund may be partly in the form of an irrevocable payment
commitment (IPC) guaranteed by a cash deposit of the same
amount. In the event of the fund being involved in a resolution
action, the Single Resolution Board (SRB) shall call part or all of the
irrevocable payment commitments.
The IPC is qualified as a contingent liability. A provision is recognised
if the probability of a commitment call by the fund exceeds 50%.
Based on the risk assessment carried out by the Group, this
probability is estimated to be below this threshold. Consequently, no
provision was recognised by the Group at 31 December 2024.

The ruling of the European Court of Justice on the BNP Paribas Public
Sector case is expected in the first half of 2025. The Group continues
to monitor legal developments and their potential impacts.
IPC amounted to EUR 1,263 million at 31 December 2024 (compared
with EUR 1,261 million at 31 December 2023).
Cash provided as collateral is remunerated and recognised as a
financial asset at amortised cost within the line "Other debtors and
miscellaneous assets” (see note 4.j Accrued income/expense and
other assets/liabilities)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

279

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

6.c

SECURITIES COMMITMENTS

In connection with the settlement date accounting for securities, commitments representing securities to be delivered or securities to be
received are the following:
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Securities to be delivered

20,929

23,159

Securities to be received

20,915

21,384

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

77,314

87,881

Used as collateral with central banks

1,436

20,560

Available for refinancing transactions

75,878

67,321

Securities sold under repurchase agreements

514,733

519,731

Other financial and similar assets pledged as collateral for transactions with credit institutions,
financial customers or subscribers of covered bonds issued by the Group(1)

363,995

323,491

6.d OTHER GUARANTEE COMMITMENTS
➤ FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS GIVEN AS COLLATERAL
In millions of euros, at

Financial instruments (negotiable securities and private receivables) lodged with central banks
and eligible for use at any time as collateral for refinancing transactions after haircut

(1) Notably including “Société de Financement de l’Économie Française” and “Caisse de Refinancement de l’Habitat” financing.

The fair value of financial instruments given as collateral or transferred under repurchase agreements by the Group that the beneficiary is
authorised to sell or reuse as collateral amounted to EUR 747,190 million at 31 December 2024 (EUR 726,703 million at 31 December 2023).

➤ FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RECEIVED AS COLLATERAL
In millions of euros, at

Financial instruments received as collateral (excluding repurchase agreements)
of which instruments that the Group is authorised to sell and reuse as collateral
Securities received under repurchase agreements

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

401,812

350,947

217,745

187,021

438,010

467,822

The fair value of financial instruments received as collateral or under repurchase agreements that the Group effectively sold or reused as
collateral amounted to EUR 370,728 million at 31 December 2024 (compared with EUR 377,078 million at 31 December 2023).

280

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

Note 7 SALARIES AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
7.a

SALARY AND EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSE

In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Fixed and variable remuneration, incentive bonuses and profit‑sharing

14,066

13,445

Employee benefit expense

3,697

3,856

Payroll taxes
TOTAL SALARY AND EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSE FOR BANKING ACTIVITIES (NOTE 2.F)
Salary and employee benefit expense of insurance activities (note 5.b)
TOTAL SALARY AND EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSE

7.b POST‑EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
IAS 19 distinguishes between two categories of plans, each handled
differently depending on the risk incurred by the entity. When the
entity is only committed to paying a fixed amount, stated as a
percentage of the beneficiary’s annual salary, for example, to an
external entity handling payment of the benefits based on the assets
available for each plan member, it is described as a
defined‑contribution plan. Conversely, when the entity’s obligation is
to manage the financial assets funded through the collection of
contributions from employees and to bear the cost of benefits itself
or to guarantee the final amount subject to future events, it is
described as a defined‑benefit plan. The same applies if the entity
entrusts management of the collection of premiums and payment of
benefits to a separate entity but retains the risk arising from
management of the assets and/or from future changes in the
benefits.

Main defined‑contribution pension plans
for Group entities
The BNP Paribas Group has implemented over the past few years a
wide campaign of converting defined‑benefit plans into
defined‑contribution plans.

380

474

18,143

17,775

839

778

18,982

18,553

Thus, in France, the BNP Paribas Group pays contributions to
mandatory state and complementary pension schemes.
BNP Paribas SA and certain subsidiaries have set up a
complementary defined‑contribution pension plan under a
company‑wide agreement. Under this plan, employees will receive
an annuity or a lump sum on retirement in addition to the pension
paid by mandatory schemes.

4

Since defined‑benefit plans have been closed to new employees in
most countries outside France, they are offered the benefit of joining
defined‑contribution pension plans.
In Italy, the plan introduced by BNL is funded by employer
contributions (4.35% of salaries) and employee contributions (2% of
salaries). Employees can also make additional voluntary
contributions.
In the United Kingdom, the employer contributes 12% of salaries for
the majority of employees; employees can make additional voluntary
contributions.
In the US, the bank matches the voluntary contributions made by
employees, within certain limits.
The amount paid into defined‑contribution retirement plans for the
year ended 31 December 2024 was EUR 828 million, compared with
EUR 791 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.
The breakdown by major contributors is determined as follows:

Contribution amount
In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

France

383

386

Italy

110

106

UK

74

62

Türkiye

50

39

Luxembourg

31

30

Hong Kong

30

29

USA

29

27

Others

121

112

TOTAL

828

791

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

281

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Main defined‑benefit pension plans for Group
entities and indemnities payable on retirement
Defined‑benefit plans
In Belgium, BNP Paribas Fortis funds a defined‑benefit plan, based on
final salary and number of years of service, for its management and
employees who joined the bank before its pension plans were
harmonised on 1 January 2002. Actuarial liabilities under this
scheme are pre‑funded at 95% at 31 December 2024 (compared with
91% at 31 December 2023) through insurance companies.
BNP Paribas Fortis senior managers joining before 1 January 2015
are covered by a top‑up pension plan, paying a lump sum based on
the number of years of service and final salary. This plan is
pre‑funded at 100% at 31 December 2024 (94% at 31 December
2023) through insurance companies.
In Belgium, employees benefit from a defined‑contribution scheme
with a legal obligation for the employer to guarantee a minimum
return on financial assets invested. Thus, a provision was recognised
for these schemes, as this guarantee is not entirely covered by the
insurance company.
In France, BNP Paribas pays a top‑up banking industry pension
arising from rights acquired to 31 December 1993 by retired
employees and active employees in service at that date.
At 31 December 2024, the Group’s residual obligations for these
employees were recognised on the balance sheet in full.
The defined‑benefit plans previously granted to some Group senior
managers have all been closed to new employees and converted into
top‑up type schemes. The amounts allocated to residual
beneficiaries, subject to their presence within the Group at
retirement, were fixed when these schemes were closed.
At 31 December 2024, these pension plans were funded at 442%
through insurance companies (264% at 31 December 2023).
In the United Kingdom, defined‑benefit pension plans (pension
funds) still exist but are closed to new employees. Under these
plans, the defined pension is generally based on final salary and
number of years of service. Pension schemes are managed by
independent management bodies (Trustees). At 31 December 2024,
obligations for all UK entities were 124% covered by financial assets,
compared with 118% at 31 December 2023.

282

In Switzerland, liabilities relate to top‑up pension plans based on the
principle of defined‑contribution schemes with guaranteed returns,
paying an annuity under pre‑defined terms. These schemes are
managed by a foundation. At 31 December 2024, obligations were
105% covered by financial assets, compared with 111% at
31 December 2023.
In the United States, main defined‑benefit pension plans are based
on annual vesting rights to a lump sum comprising a pension
expressed as a percentage of annual frozen salary and paying
interest at a pre‑defined rate. These plans are closed to new
entrants and do not offer new vesting rights. At 31 December 2024,
the obligation was 85% covered by financial assets (87%
at 31 December 2023).
In Germany, liabilities are mainly related to defined‑benefit pension
plans, closed to new employees. Under these plans, the defined
pension is generally based on the number of years of service and
final salary. They offer the payment of an annuity under pre‑defined
terms. At 31 December 2024, the obligation was 72% covered by
financial assets, (66% at 31 December 2023).
In Türkiye, the main pension plan replaces the national pension
scheme and should eventually be transferred to the Turkish State.
This plan offers guarantees exceeding the minimal legal
requirements. At the end of 2024, obligations under this plan are
fully funded by financial assets held with an external foundation;
these financial assets exceeding the related obligations, this surplus
is not recognised as an asset by the Group.

Other post‑employment benefits
Group employees also receive various other contractual
post‑employment benefits, such as indemnities payable on
retirement, determined according to minimal legal requirements
(Labour Code, collective agreements) or according to specific
company‑level agreements.
In France, the obligations for these benefits are funded through a
contract held with a third‑party insurer. At 31 December 2024, this
obligation was 129% covered by financial assets, compared with
127% at 31 December 2023.
In other countries, the obligations of the Group related to other
post‑employment benefits are mainly concentrated in Italy, where
vested rights up to 31 December 2006 were frozen.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

Obligations under defined‑benefit pension plans and indemnities payable on retirement
➤ ASSETS AND LIABILITIES RECOGNISED ON THE BALANCE SHEET

In millions of euros,

at 31 December
2024

Definedbenefit
obligation
arising from
wholly or
partially
funded plans

Belgium

2,691

UK
Switzerland

Definedbenefit
obligation
arising from Present value of
unfunded defined‑benefit Fair value of
plans
obligation plan assets
15

2,706

(183)

1,082

1,082

1,212

Fair value of
reimbursement rights(1)

of which asset
recognised in
the balance
sheet for
Effect of
definedasset
Net
ceiling obligation benefit plans

(2,456)

2,524

(1)

(1,337)

(255)

(255)

(255)

1,212

(1,276)

(64)

(68)

(68)

4

(355)

(355)

99

47

858

(1,114)

(256)

USA

145

1

146

(124)

22

Türkiye

346

(347)

32

378

139

139

1

Germany

130

47

177

(127)

Others

314

49

363

(254)

(1)

TOTAL

6,731

330

7,061

(4,762)

(2,457)

at 31 December
2023

(2,456)

(2,457)

811

In millions of euros,

of which fair
value of
reimbursement rights

67

France

Italy

of which net
assets of
definedbenefit plans

of which
obligation
recognised in
the balance
sheet for
definedbenefit plans

Definedbenefit
Definedobligation
benefit Present value of
arising from
definedobligation
wholly or
benefit Fair value of
partially arising from
obligation plan assets
funded plans unfunded plans

Belgium

2,830

2,830

(152)

UK

1,158

1,158

(1,365)

Switzerland

1,123

1,123

(1,251)

Fair value of
reimbursement rights(1)

22

32

32

139

139

50

(6)

(6)

2

110

(11)

(10)

(1)

121

3

(155)

(3,152)

(695)

(2,457)

2,997

of which fair
value of
reimbursement rights

of which
obligation
recognised in
the balance
sheet for
definedbenefit plans

(2,502)

2,678

of which asset
recognised in
the balance
sheet for
Effect of
definedasset
Net
ceiling obligation benefit plans

(2,502)

130

176

(2,502)

(207)

(209)

of which net
assets of
definedbenefit plans

56

(209)

2

2

2

France

856

52

908

(1,134)

(226)

(331)

(331)

105

USA

146

1

147

(127)

20

(4)

(4)

24

Türkiye

235

43

278

(258)

164

164

Italy

22

4

42

42

164

164

Germany

129

49

178

(118)

Others

334

47

381

(269)

(1)

1

112

60
(9)

(8)

(1)

121

TOTAL

6,811

356

7,167

(4,674)

(2,503)

153

143

(3,055)

(552)

(2,503)

3,198

60

(1) The reimbursement rights are principally found on the balance sheet of the Group’s insurance subsidiaries and associated companies - notably AG
Insurance with respect to BNP Paribas Fortis’ defined‑benefit plans - to hedge their commitments to other Group entities that were transferred to them to
cover the post‑employment benefits of certain employee categories.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

283

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

➤ CHANGE IN THE PRESENT VALUE OF THE DEFINED‑BENEFIT OBLIGATION INCLUDING DISCONTINUED ACTIVITIES
In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

7,167

7,174

Current service cost

193

181

Interest cost

226

236

Past service cost

(18)

(25)

Settlements

(7)

(15)

Actuarial (gains)/losses on change in demographic assumptions

(1)

(11)

Actuarial (gains)/losses on change in financial assumptions

(142)

203

Actuarial (gains)/losses on experience gaps

194

330

Actual employee contributions

25

24

Benefits paid directly by the employer

(103)

(87)

Benefits paid from assets/reimbursement rights

(483)

(453)

10

(41)

PRESENT VALUE OF DEFINED‑BENEFIT OBLIGATION AT START OF PERIOD

Exchange rate (gains)/losses on obligation
(Gains)/losses on obligation related to changes in the consolidation scope

(349)

PRESENT VALUE OF DEFINED‑BENEFIT OBLIGATION AT END OF PERIOD

7,061

7,167

➤ CHANGE IN THE FAIR VALUE OF PLAN ASSETS AND REIMBURSEMENT RIGHTS INCLUDING DISCONTINUED
ACTIVITIES

Plan assets
In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

4,674

4,964

2,503

2,397

Expected return on assets

148

169

77

84

Settlements

(8)

(14)

Actuarial gains/(losses) on assets

88

10

21

99

Actual employee contributions

14

14

11

10

Employer contributions

54

60

98

131

Benefits paid from assets

(226)

(234)

(257)

(219)

Exchange rate gains/(losses) on assets

22

(36)

Gains/(losses) on assets related to changes in the consolidation scope

(4)

(259)

4

1

4,762

4,674

2,457

2,503

FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AT START OF PERIOD

FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AT END OF PERIOD

284

Reimbursement rights

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

➤ COMPONENTS OF THE COST OF DEFINED‑BENEFIT PLANS
In millions of euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

176

155

Current service cost

193

181

Past service cost

(18)

(25)

1

(1)

7

1

226

236

6

18

Interest income on reimbursement rights

(148)

(169)

Expected return on asset ceiling

(77)

(84)

183

156

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

109

109

1

11

Actuarial (losses)/gains of financial assumptions on the present value of obligations

142

(203)

Experience (losses)/gains on obligations

(194)

(330)

Variation of the effect of assets limitation

165

216

223

(197)

Service costs

Settlements
Net financial expense
Interest cost
Interest income on plan asset

TOTAL RECOGNISED IN “SALARY AND EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSE”

➤ OTHER ITEMS RECOGNISED DIRECTLY IN EQUITY
In millions of euros

Actuarial (losses)/gains on plan assets or reimbursement rights
Actuarial (losses)/gains of demographic assumptions on the present value of obligations

TOTAL OF OTHER ITEMS RECOGNISED DIRECTLY IN EQUITY

4

➤ MAIN ACTUARIAL ASSUMPTIONS USED TO CALCULATE OBLIGATIONS
In the Eurozone, United Kingdom and United States, the Group discounts its obligations using the yields of high quality corporate bonds, with a
term consistent with the duration of the obligations.
The ranges of rates used are as follows:

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Discount rate

Compensation
increase rate(1)

Discount rate

Compensation
increase rate(1)

Belgium

2.60% / 3.60%

3.10% / 3.80%

3.00% / 3.60%

3.30% / 4.10%

UK

4.80% / 5.50%

2.00% / 3.60%

4.40% / 5.30%

2.00% / 3.40%

France

2.80% / 3.40%

2.00% / 4.10%

3.00% / 3.60%

2.10% / 3.60%

Switzerland

0.90% / 1.00%

1.75% / 1.80%

1.40% / 1.60%

1.80% / 2.00%

USA

4.90% / 5.20%

NA

4.70% / 5.30%

2.50%

Italy

2.90% / 3.20%

2.60% / 3.50%

3.00% / 3.60%

3.00% / 3.10%

Germany

3.00% / 3.60%

2.00% / 2.70%

3.20% / 3.70%

2.00% / 2.90%

30.50%

26.25%

23.10%

18.80%

In %

Türkiye
(1) Including price increases (inflation).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

285

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Average discount rates weighted by obligation amounts are as follows:
■ in the Eurozone: 3.21% at 31 December 2024 for a weighted average duration of 9.2 years (3.16% at 31 December 2023 for a weighted

average duration of 9.4 years);
■ in the United Kingdom: 5.44% at 31 December 2024 for a weighted average duration of 13.6 years (4.51% at 31 December 2023 for a

weighted average duration of 14.1 years);
■ in Switzerland: 1% at 31 December 2024 for a weighted average duration of 12.9 years (1.40% at 31 December 2023 for a weighted

average duration of 12.3 years).
The impact of a 100bps change in discount rates on the present value of post‑employment benefit obligations is as follows:

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Discount rate
-100 bps

Discount rate
+100 bps

Discount rate
-100 bps

Discount rate
+100 bps

Belgium

243

(181)

231

(168)

UK

156

(126)

170

(137)

France

94

(80)

88

(75)

Switzerland

175

(139)

148

(119)

USA

16

(13)

15

(13)

Italy

9

(8)

10

(9)

Germany

28

(22)

27

(21)

Türkiye

15

(12)

11

(9)

Change in the present value of obligations
In millions of euros, at

Inflation assumptions used for the valuations of the Group obligations are determined locally depending on the monetary area, except for the
Eurozone for which the assumption is determined centrally.
Average discount rates weighted by obligation amounts are as follows:
■ in the Eurozone: 2.06% at 31 December 2024 (2.27% at 31 December 2023);
■ in the United Kingdom: 3.08% at 31 December 2024 (2.94% at 31 December 2023);
■ in Switzerland: 1.10% at 31 December 2024 (1.25% at 31 December 2023).

The impact of a +100‑bps increase in inflation rates on the present value of post‑employment benefit obligations is as follows:

31 December 2024
Inflation rate
+100 bps

Inflation rate
+100 bps

Belgium

121

133

UK

94

100

France

106

88

Switzerland

10

8

Italy

6

7

Germany

18

16

Türkiye

15

11

Change in the present value of obligations
In millions of euros, at

Variation effects of discount and inflation rates presented above are not cumulative.

286

31 December 2023

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

➤ ACTUAL RATE OF RETURN ON PLAN ASSETS AND REIMBURSEMENT RIGHTS OVER THE PERIOD
Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Range of value
(reflecting the existence of several
plans in the same country)

Weighted average
rates

Range of value
(reflecting the existence of several
plans in the same country)

Weighted average
rates

Belgium

-9.80% / 18.60%

3.40%

-0.20% / 13.20%

6.45%

UK

-6.40% / 8.90%

-3.40%

-10.50% / 5.40%

0.50%

2.80%

2.80%

2.60%

2.60%

In %

France
Switzerland

2.10% / 9.30%

6.55%

1.70% / 2.50%

2.50%

2.45%

2.45%

1.65% / 5.45%

5.25%

1.85% / 15.90%

11.15%

-2.85% / 11.50%

9.30%

35.95%

35.95%

44.90%

44.90%

USA
Germany
Türkiye

➤ BREAKDOWN OF PLAN ASSETS
31 December 2024

In %

NonGovernmental Governmental
bonds
Shares
bonds

Realestate

Deposit
account

Others

4

31 December 2023
NonGovernmental Governmental
bonds
Shares
bonds

Realestate

Deposit
account

Others

Belgium

8%

46%

20%

1%

0%

25%

8%

46%

19%

1%

2%

24%

UK

7%

58%

27%

0%

1%

7%

12%

62%

16%

0%

2%

8%

France(1)

12%

64%

13%

9%

2%

0%

8%

59%

18%

13%

2%

0%

Switzerland

30%

0%

26%

20%

3%

21%

29%

0%

26%

25%

4%

16%

USA

20%

26%

49%

0%

5%

0%

17%

24%

45%

0%

13%

1%

Germany

18%

54%

0%

0%

1%

27%

22%

52%

0%

0%

0%

26%

Türkiye

0%

73%

0%

18%

8%

1%

0%

68%

0%

6%

21%

5%

Others

11%

24%

13%

2%

2%

48%

9%

22%

12%

1%

2%

54%

GROUP

12%

43%

20%

6%

2%

17%

12%

43%

19%

7%

3%

16%

(1) In France, the breakdown of plan assets reflects the breakdown of the general fund of the insurance company through which the Group’s obligations are
funded.

The Group introduced an asset management governance for assets
backing defined‑benefit pension plan commitments, the main
objectives of which are the management and control of the risks in
terms of investment.

The present value of post‑employment healthcare benefit obligations
stood at EUR 75 million at 31 December 2024, compared with
EUR 78 million at 31 December 2023.

It sets out investment principles, in particular, by defining an
investment strategy for plan assets, based on financial objectives
and risk management, to specify the way in which plan assets have
to be managed, via financial management servicing contracts.

7.c

The investment strategy is based on an assets and liabilities
management analysis that should be realised at least every three
years for plans with assets in excess of EUR 100 million.

Post‑employment healthcare benefits
The Group offers some healthcare benefit plans for retired
employees, mainly in Belgium.

OTHER LONG‑TERM BENEFITS

BNP Paribas offers its employees various long‑term benefits, mainly
long‑service awards, the ability to save up paid annual leave in time
savings accounts, and certain guarantees protecting them in the
event they become incapacitated. The net provision amounted to
EUR 465 million at 31 December 2024 (EUR 462 million at
31 December 2023).
As part of the Group’s variable compensation policy, annual deferred
compensation plans are set up for certain high‑performing
employees or pursuant to special regulatory frameworks. Under
these plans, payment is deferred over time and is subject to the
performance achieved by the business lines, divisions and Group.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

287

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Since 2013, BNP Paribas has introduced a Group loyalty scheme with
a cash payment, at the end of a three‑year to four‑year vesting
period, which fluctuates according to the Group’s intrinsic
performance. The aim of this loyalty scheme is to make different
categories of managerial staff partners in the Group’s development
and profitability objectives. These personnels are representative of
the Group’s talent and the breadth of its managerial framework i.e.
senior managers, managers in key positions, line managers and
experts, high‑potential managers, high‑performing young executives
with good career development prospects and key contributors to the
Group’s results.
The amounts allocated under this plan are linked to changes in the
Group’s operational performance over the duration of the plan (for

80%) and to the achievement of the Group’s Corporate Social
Responsibility (CSR) targets (for 20%). These ten targets are in line
with the four pillars on which the Group’s CSR policy is based. In
addition, the final payment is subject to continuous service within
the Group between the grant date and the payment date, provided
that the Group’s operating income and pre‑tax income for the year
prior to payment are strictly positive. For employees subject to
special regulatory frameworks, this loyalty scheme is adjusted in
accordance with the CRD European Directive.
The net obligation related to deferred compensation plans and
loyalty schemes amounts to EUR 1,152 million at 31 December 2024
(EUR 1,033 million at 31 December 2023).

In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Net provisions for other long‑term benefits

1,617

1,495

Asset recognised in the balance sheet under the other long‑term benefits

(92)

(76)

Obligation recognised in the balance sheet under the other long‑term benefits

1,709

1,571

7.d TERMINATION BENEFITS
BNP Paribas has implemented a number of voluntary redundancy
plans and headcount adaptation plans for employees who meet

certain eligibility criteria. The obligations to eligible active employees
under such plans are provided for as soon as a bilateral agreement
or a bilateral agreement proposal for a particular plan is made.

In millions of euros, at

Provision for voluntary departure, early retirement plans, and headcount adaptation plans

7.e

SHARE‑BASED PAYMENTS

As part of the Group’s variable remuneration policy, deferred annual
compensation plans offered to certain high‑performing employees or
set up pursuant to special regulatory frameworks may entitle
beneficiaries to variable compensation settled in cash but linked to
the share price, payable over several years.

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

328

482

of 3 November 2014 and 22 December 2020 and the Delegated
European Regulation of 25 March 2021, the variable compensation
plans apply to Group employees performing activities that may have
a material impact on the Group’s risk profile.
Under these plans, payment is deferred over time and is contingent
on the performance achieved by the business lines, core businesses
and Group.

Variable compensation for employees, subject
to special regulatory frameworks

Sums will mostly be paid in cash linked to the increase or decrease
in the BNP Paribas share price.

Since the publication of the Decree by the French Ministry of Finance
on 13 December 2010, and following the provisions of the European
Directive CRD 4 of 26 July 2013, modified by the CRD 5 Directive of
20 May 2019, transposed into the French law in the Monetary and
Financial Code by the Ordinance of 20 February 2014, and the
Ordinance of 21 December 2020, as well as the Decrees and Orders

Deferred variable compensation for other
Group employees
Sums due under the annual deferred compensation plans for
high‑performing employees are partly paid in cash linked to the
increase or decrease in the BNP Paribas share price.

➤ EXPENSE OF SHARE‑BASED PAYMENTS
Expense/(revenue)
In millions of euros

288

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Prior deferred compensation plans

46

48

Deferred compensation plans for the year

600

541

TOTAL

646

589

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

Note 8 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
8.a

CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND EARNINGS PER SHARE

At 31 December 2024, the share capital of BNP Paribas SA amounted to EUR 2,261,621,342 and was divided into 1,130,810,671 shares
(compared with 1,147,477,409 at 31 December 2023). The nominal value of each share is EUR 2.

Ordinary shares issued by BNP Paribas and held by the Group
Trading transactions(1)

Proprietary transactions
Carrying amount

Total

Carrying amount

Carrying amount

Number of shares

(In millions of euros)

Number of shares

(In millions of euros)

Number of shares

(In millions of euros)

721,971

38

159,670

8

881,641

46

Acquisitions

86,854,237

5,000

86,854,237

5,000

Capital decrease

(86,854,237)

(5,000)

(86,854,237)

(5,000)

Shares held at 31 December 2022

Net movements
Shares held at 31 December 2023

64,888

5

64,888

5

224,558

13

946,529

51

721,971

38

Acquisitions

16,666,738

1,055

16,666,738

1,055

Capital decrease

(16,666,738)

(1,055)

(16,666,738)

(1,055)

Net movements
Shares held at 31 December 2024

721,971

38

309,669

18

309,669

18

534,227

31

1,256,198

69

4

(1) Transactions realised in the framework of an activity of trading and arbitrage transactions on equity indices.

Throughout the year 2024, BNP Paribas SA bought back on the
market then cancelled 16,666,738 of its own shares in accordance
with the Board of directors’ decision of 31 January 2024 to proceed
to the share buyback of EUR 1,055 million.
At 31 December 2024, the Group holds 1,256,198 BNP Paribas shares
representing an amount of EUR 69 million, which were deducted
from equity.

Undated super subordinated notes eligible
as Tier 1 regulatory capital
BNP Paribas SA has issued undated super subordinated notes which
pay a fixed, fixed adjustable or floating‑rate coupon and are
redeemable at the end of a fixed period and thereafter at each
coupon date or every five years.

On 11 January 2023, BNP Paribas SA issued undated super
subordinated notes for an amount of EUR 1,250 million which pay a
7.375% fixed‑rate coupon. These notes could be redeemed at the end
of a period of 7 years. If the notes are not redeemed in 2030, a
mid‑swap rate EUR 5‑year coupon will be paid half‑yearly. This issue
is eligible to Additional Tier 1 capital.
On 28 February 2023, BNP Paribas SA issued undated super
subordinated notes for an amount of SGD 600 million which pay a
5.9% fixed‑rate coupon. These notes could be redeemed at the end of
a period of 5 years. If the notes are not redeemed in 2028, a SGD
SORA 5‑year rate coupon will be paid half‑yearly. This issue is eligible
to Additional Tier 1 capital.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

289

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

On 25 March 2024, BNP Paribas SA redeemed the March 2019 issue,
for an amount of USD 1,500 million, at the first call date. These
notes paid a 6.625% fixed‑rate coupon.

On 10 January 2025, BNP Paribas SA redeemed the July 2019 issue,
for an amount of AUD 300 million. These notes are not eligible to
Additional Tier 1 capital at 31 December 2024.

The following table summarises the characteristics of these various issues:

Amount
Date of issue

Currency

(in millions of currency units)

Rate and term
before 1st call date

Coupon
payment date

Rate after 1st call date

August 2015

USD

1,500

semi‑annual

7.375%

10 years

USD 5‑year swap +5.150%

November 2017

USD

750

semi‑annual

5.125%

10 years

USD 5‑year swap +2.838%

August 2018

USD

750

semi‑annual

7.000%

10 years

USD 5‑year swap +3.980%

July 2019

AUD

300

semi‑annual

4.500%

5.5 years

AUD 5‑year swap +3.372%

February 2020

USD

1,750

semi‑annual

4.500%

10 years

US 5‑year CMT +2.944%

February 2021

USD

1,250

semi‑annual

4.625%

10 years

US 5‑year CMT +3.340%

January 2022

USD

1,250

semi‑annual

4.625%

5 years

US 5‑year CMT +3.196%

August 2022

USD

2,000

semi‑annual

7.750%

7 years

US 5‑year CMT +4.899%

September 2022

EUR

1,000

semi‑annual

6.875%

7.25 years

EUR 5‑year Mid‑swap +4.645%

November 2022

USD

1,000

semi‑annual

9.250%

5 years

US 5‑year CMT +4.969%

January 2023

EUR

1,250

semi‑annual

7.375%

7 years

EUR 5‑year Mid‑swap +4.631%

February 2023

SGD

600

semi‑annual

5.900%

5 years

SGD SORA 5‑year +2.674%

TOTAL EURO‑EQUIVALENT HISTORICAL
VALUE AT 31 DECEMBER 2024

12 129 (1)

(1) Net of shares held in treasury by Group entities.

BNP Paribas has the option of not paying interest due on these
undated super subordinated notes. Unpaid interest is not carried
forward.
For notes issued before 2015, the absence of coupon payment is
conditional on the absence of dividend payment on BNP Paribas SA
ordinary shares or on undated super subordinated note equivalents
during the previous year. Interest due is payable once dividend
payment on BNP Paribas SA ordinary shares resumes.
The contracts relating to these undated super subordinated notes
contain a loss absorption clause. Under the terms of this clause, in
the event of insufficient regulatory capital, the nominal value of the
notes may be reduced in order to serve as a new basis for the
calculation of the related coupons until the capital deficiency is
made up and the nominal value of the notes is increased to its
original amount.
The proceeds from these issues are recorded in equity under “Capital
and retained earnings”. In accordance with IAS 21, issues denominated
in foreign currencies are recognised at their historical value based on
their translation into euros at the issue date. Interest on the instruments
is deducted from shareholders' equity.

290

At 31 December 2024, the BNP Paribas Group held EUR 29 million of
its own undated super subordinated notes which were deducted
from shareholders’ equity.

Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net income
for the period attributable to holders of ordinary shares by the
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the
period. The net income attributable to ordinary shareholders is
determined by deducting the net income attributable to holders of
preferred shares.
Diluted earnings per share correspond to the net income for the
period attributable to holders of ordinary shares, divided by the
weighted average number of shares outstanding as adjusted for the
maximum effect of the conversion of dilutive equity instruments into
ordinary shares. In‑the‑money stock subscription options are taken
into account in the diluted earnings per share calculation, as are
performance shares granted under the Global Share‑based Incentive
Plan. Conversion of these instruments would have no effect on the
net income figure used in this calculation. All stock option and
performance share plans are expired.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Year to 31 Dec. 2024
Net profit used to calculate basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share (In millions of euros)(1)

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

10,843

10,298

1,133,302,357

1,200,367,337

-

-

1,133,302,357

1,200,367,337

Basic earnings per share (in euros)

9.57

8.58

of which continuing activities (in euros)

9.57

6.12

of which discontinued activities (in euros)

-

2.46

Diluted earnings per share (in euros)

9.57

8.58

of which continuing activities (in euros)

9.57

6.12

of which discontinued activities (in euros)

-

2.46

Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year
Effect of potentially dilutive ordinary shares
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used to calculate diluted earnings per share

4

(1) The net profit used to calculate basic and diluted earnings per share is the net profit attributable to equity shareholders, adjusted for the remuneration
on the undated super subordinated notes issued by BNP Paribas SA treated as preferred share equivalents and on the convertible contingent bonds
deducted from shareholders' equity, as well as the related foreign exchange gain or loss impact recognised directly in shareholders’ equity in case of
repurchase.

The Board of directors will propose to the Annual General Meeting
on 13 May 2025, a dividend per share of EUR 4.79 out of the 2024
net income (compared with EUR 4.60 out of the 2023 net income).

4

This distribution is raised to 60% of the 2024 net income with a
share buyback programme of EUR 1,084 million, after receiving the
autorisation from the European Central Bank.

The proposed distribution amounts to EUR 5,411 million, compared
with EUR 5,198 million paid in 2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

291

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

8.b MINORITY INTERESTS

Capital and
retained
earnings

Changes in assets
and liabilities
recognised
directly in equity
that will not be
reclassified to
profit or loss

Changes in assets
and liabilities
recognised
directly in equity
that may be
reclassified to
profit or loss

Minority interests

Balance at 31 December 2022

4,714

21

38

4,773

Appropriation of net income for 2022

(179)

(179)

Increases in capital and issues

316

316

Share‑based payment plans

1

1

Remuneration on undated super subordinated notes

(3)

(3)

Impact of internal transactions on minority shareholders

21

21

Movements in consolidation scope impacting minority shareholders

(90)

(90)

Acquisitions of additional interests or partial sales of interests

(12)

(12)

Change in commitments to repurchase minority shareholders’ interests

(225)

(225)

In millions of euros

Other movements

-

Changes in assets and liabilities recognised directly in equity
Net income for 2023

(5)

97

431

431

Balance at 31 December 2023

4,974

Appropriation of net income for 2023

(364)

(364)

5

5

(8)

(8)

Increases in capital and issues

16

135

Share‑based payment plans
Remuneration on undated super subordinated notes

5,125

-

Impact of internal transactions on minority shareholders

-

Movements in consolidation scope impacting minority shareholders

258

258

Acquisitions of additional interests or partial sales of interests

192

192

Change in commitments to repurchase minority shareholders’ interests

93

93

Other movements

2

2

Changes in assets and liabilities recognised directly in equity
Net income for 2024
Balance at 31 December 2024

292

92

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

195

499
5,651

202
499

23

330

6,004

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

➤ MAIN MINORITY INTERESTS
The assessment of the material nature of minority interests is based on the contribution of the relevant subsidiaries to the Group balance sheet
(before elimination of intra‑group balances and transactions) and to the Group profit and loss account.

31 December 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Revenues

Net
income

Net income
and changes
in assets and
liabilities
recognised
directly in equity

Minority
shareholders’
interest (%)

Net income
attributable
to minority
interests

Net income
and changes
in assets and
liabilities
recognised
directly in equity attributable
to minority
interests

2,019

670

697

34%

243

247

185

Other minority interests

256

454

187

TOTAL

499

701

372

In millions of euros

Contribution of the entities
belonging to the BGL BNP Paribas
Group

Total assets
before
elimination of
intra‑group
transactions
100,365

31 December 2023

Dividends paid
to minority
shareholders

Revenues

Net
income

Net income
and changes
in assets and
liabilities
recognised
directly in equity

Minority
shareholders’
interest (%)

Net income
attributable
to minority
interests

Net income
and changes
in assets and
liabilities
recognised
directly in equity attributable
to minority
interests

1,922

674

766

34%

230

260

137

Other minority interests

201

263

45

TOTAL

431

523

182

In millions of euros

Contribution of the entities
belonging to the BGL BNP Paribas
Group

Total assets
before
elimination of
intra‑group
transactions
97,504

4

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Dividends paid
to minority
shareholders

There are no particular contractual restrictions on the assets of BGL BNP Paribas related to the presence of the minority shareholder.

➤ INTERNAL RESTRUCTURING THAT LED TO A CHANGE IN MINORITY SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN THE EQUITY
OF SUBSIDIARIES

Year to 31 Dec. 2024
Attributable to
shareholders

In millions of euros

Minority interests

Year to 31 Dec. 2023
Attributable to
shareholders

Minority interests

(22)

22

TEB Finansman
Internal sale from BNPP Personal Finance to TEB Holding, raising the
Group interest rate to 72.5%.
Others

-

-

1

(1)

TOTAL

-

-

(21)

21

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

293

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

➤ ACQUISITIONS OF ADDITIONAL INTERESTS AND PARTIAL SALES OF INTERESTS LEADING TO CHANGES IN MINORITY
INTERESTS IN THE EQUITY OF SUBSIDIARIES

Year to 31 Dec. 2024
In millions of euros

Attributable to
shareholders

Minority interests

7

196

Year to 31 Dec. 2023
Attributable to
shareholders

Minority interests

5

(9)

(3)

(4)

BNP Paribas Bank Polska
Partial disposal of 6% of the total share, decreasing the Group’s share
to 81.26%
Artigiancassa SpA
Additional acquisition of 26.14% of the total share, increasing the
Group's share to 100%
Dynamic Credit Group
Additional acquisition of 25% of the total share, increasing the Group's
share to 73.65%
Other

(3)

(4)

(1)

1

TOTAL

4

192

1

(12)

Commitments to repurchase minority
shareholders’ interests
In connection with the acquisition of certain entities, the Group
granted minority shareholders put options on their holdings.
The total value of these commitments, which are recorded as a
reduction in shareholders’ equity, amounted to EUR 369 million at
31 December 2024, compared with EUR 510 million at 31 December
2023.

8.c

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND ARBITRATION

BNP Paribas (the “Bank”) is party as a defendant in various claims,
disputes and legal proceedings (including investigations by judicial
or supervisory authorities) in a number of jurisdictions arising in the
ordinary course of its business, including inter alia in connection
with its activities as market counterparty, lender, employer, investor
and taxpayer.
The related risks have been assessed by the Bank and are subject,
where appropriate, to provisions disclosed in notes 4.n Provisions for
contingencies and charges and 4.e Financial assets at amortised
cost; a provision is recognised when it is probable that an outflow of
resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle an
obligation arising from a past event and a reliable estimate can be
made of the amount of the obligation.
The main contingent liabilities related to pending legal,
governmental, or arbitral proceedings as of 31 December 2024 are
described below. The Bank currently considers that none of these
proceedings is likely to have a material adverse effect on its financial
position or profitability; however, the outcome of legal or
governmental proceedings is by definition unpredictable.
The Bank and certain of its subsidiaries are defendants in several
actions pending before the United States Bankruptcy Court for the
Southern District of New York brought by the Trustee appointed for
the liquidation of Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC
(“BLMIS”). These actions, known generally as “clawback claims”, are
similar to those brought by the BLMIS Trustee under the US

294

Bankruptcy Code and New York state law against numerous
institutions, and seek recovery of amounts allegedly received by
BNP Paribas entities from BLMIS or indirectly through BLMIS‑related
“feeder funds” in which BNP Paribas entities held interests. As a
result of certain decisions of the Bankruptcy Court and the United
States District Court between 2016 and 2018, the majority of the
BLMIS Trustee’s actions were either dismissed or substantially
narrowed. However, those decisions were either reversed or
effectively overruled by subsequent decisions of the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit issued on 25 February 2019
and 30 August 2021. As a result, the BLMIS Trustee refiled certain of
these actions and, as of end May 2023, had asserted claims
amounting in the aggregate to approximately USD 1.2 billion. As of
the end of December 2024, following the dismissal of certain of the
BLMIS Trustee’s actions or claims, the aggregate amount of the
claims stood at approximately USD 1.1 billion. BNP Paribas has
substantial and credible defences to these actions and is defending
against them vigorously.
Litigation was brought in Belgium by minority shareholders of the
previous Fortis Group against the Société Fédérale de Participations
et d’Investissement, Ageas and BNP Paribas seeking (amongst other
things) damages from BNP Paribas as restitution for part of the
BNP Paribas Fortis shares that were contributed to BNP Paribas in
2009, on the ground that the transfer of these shares was null and
void. On 29 April 2016, the Brussels Commercial court decided to
stay the proceedings until the resolution of the pending Fortis
criminal proceeding in Belgium. The criminal proceeding, in which
the Public Prosecutor had requested a dismissal, is definitively
closed, as the Council Chamber of the Brussels Court of first instance
issued on 4 September 2020 a ruling (which since became final) that
the charges were time‑barred. Certain minority shareholders are
continuing the civil proceedings against BNP Paribas and the Société
Fédérale de Participations et d’Investissement before the Brussels
Commercial court; BNP Paribas continues to defend itself vigorously
against the allegations of these shareholders. Hearings on the
matter took place in September and October 2024 before the
Brussels Commercial court; a judgment is expected to be rendered in
the coming months.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

On 26 February 2020, the Paris Criminal Court found BNP Paribas
Personal Finance guilty of misleading commercial practice and
concealment of this practice. BNP Paribas Personal Finance was
ordered to pay a fine of EUR 187,500 and damages and legal fees to
the civil plaintiffs. On 28 November 2023, the Paris Court of Appeals
upheld the Paris Criminal Court’s decision relating to misleading
commercial practice and the concealment of those practices. As for
the damages owed to the civil plaintiffs, though the Paris Court of
Appeals adjusted the calculation methodology, the majority of the
damages had already been paid by provisional enforcement of the
Paris Criminal Court’s judgment. An agreement was also entered into
with the Consommation Logement Cadre de Vie association to settle
the case with customers wishing to do so.
The Bank and one of its US subsidiaries are defendants in a civil
class action and related individual actions seeking money damages
pending before the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York brought by former Sudanese citizens, now US
citizens and legal residents, claiming they were injured by the
government of Sudan between 1997 and 2011. Plaintiffs base their
claims on the historical facts set forth in the Bank’s 30 June 2014
settlement agreements with US authorities concerning the
processing of financial transactions for entities in certain countries
subject to US economic sanctions. In early 2024, both the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve in the United States and the
Secrétariat Général of the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de
Résolution in France announced the end of BNP Paribas’s
probationary period and the termination of the Cease‑and‑Desist
Order entered into in 2014, marking the completion of BNP Paribas
Group’s US sanctions remediation as set forth under this
Cease‑and‑Desist Order. Plaintiffs allege that the transactions
processed by the Bank, predominately through its Swiss‑based
subsidiary, with Sudanese entities subject to US sanctions make the
Bank and its US subsidiary liable for injuries perpetrated to plaintiffs
by the government of Sudan. On 9 May 2024, the District Court
granted plaintiffs’ motion to proceed as a class of all refugees or
asylees admitted by the United States who formerly lived in Sudan
or South Sudan between November 1997 and December 2011, and
ruled that the case would proceed to trial scheduled for
8 September 2025. BNP Paribas has substantial and credible
defences to these actions and is defending against them vigorously.
BNP Paribas Bank Polska holds mortgage loan portfolios in Swiss
franc or indexed to the Swiss franc. The Swiss franc loan
agreements, a majority of which were concluded in 2006‑2008, were
entered into in accordance with industry practices at the time of
entry. Like many other financial institutions in Poland, BNP Paribas
Bank Polska is a defendant in civil proceedings with retail customers
who took out these Swiss franc mortgage loans. BNP Paribas Bank
Polska is not a party to any class action proceeding in relation to
such mortgage loan agreements.
As at 31 December 2024, BNP Paribas Bank Polska was a defendant
in 6,596 individual pending court proceedings, in which plaintiffs are
demanding either a declaration of invalidity or a declaration of
non‑enforceability of the mortgage loan agreement and the
reimbursement of the payments made thereunder to date. The
significant number of claims against banks in relation to these
mortgage loans is believed to have been impacted by changes in

4

exchange rates since 2009, and developments in EU and Polish court
rulings since 2019. In particular, Polish courts to date have, in the
vast majority of cases, ruled that such mortgage loan agreements
were invalid or non‑enforceable.
Since December 2021, BNP Paribas Bank Polska has been conducting
individual negotiations with clients with whom it remains in dispute
or with whom there is a reasonable risk of entering into a dispute.
Like many other financial institutions in the banking, investment,
mutual funds and brokerage sectors, the Bank has received or may
receive requests for information from, or be subject to investigations
by supervisory, governmental or self‑regulatory agencies. The Bank
responds to such requests, and cooperates with the relevant
authorities and regulators and seeks to address and remedy any
issues that may arise.
In 2023, BNP Paribas premises (along with those of other financial
institutions) were searched by the French financial prosecutor’s
office; BNP Paribas was informed that the office had opened a
preliminary investigation relating to French securities transactions.

4

There are no other legal, governmental or arbitral proceedings
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened)
that could have, or during the last twelve months have had,
significant effects on the Bank’s financial condition or profitability.

8.d BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND LOSS
OF CONTROL OR SIGNIFICANT
INFLUENCE
Operations of 2024
UkrSibbank
The easing of a number of restrictions previously imposed by the
National Bank of Ukraine made it possible to re‑establish the
conditions for exercising control as defined by IFRS 10, which had
the effect of changing the consolidation method from equity method
to full consolidation method.
This change of consolidation method was reflected in the increase in
the Group’s balance sheet of EUR 3 billion, in particular in financial
assets at amortised cost and led to the recognition of badwill of
EUR 226 million.

Cetelem SA de CV
On 27 March 2024, BNP Paribas Personal Finance sold 80% of its
stake of its Mexican subsidiary Cetelem SA de CV.
The Group BNP Paribas lost exclusive control of this entity but kept a
significant influence.
This partial disposal is accompanied by an agreement for the future
disposal of the residual interest, thereby depriving the Group of the
return on the shares held, and leading to the recognition of a debt of
EUR 125 million.
The loss of control led to the recognition of a net gain on disposal of
EUR 119 million and to a decrease of the Group’s balance sheet by
EUR 3 billion, in particular in financial assets at amortised cost.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

295

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

BCC Vita SpA
On 15 May 2024, BNP Paribas Cardif SA acquired 51% of the capital
of BCC Vita SpA, together with a purchase agreement of 19%
additional holding.
BNP Paribas Group acquired exclusive control of this entity to the
extent of 70% and the entity was consolidated using the full
consolidation method.
This transaction resulted in the increase of the Group’s balance
sheet at the acquisition date by EUR 4 billion, in particular in
investments in insurance activities.
The goodwill related to this operation was EUR 100 million.

Neuflize Vie
On 31 October 2024, BNP Paribas Cardif SA acquired 100% of the
capital of Neuflize Vie.
BNP Paribas Group acquired exclusive control of this entity and
consolidated it using the full consolidation method.
This transaction resulted in the increase of the Group’s balance
sheet by EUR 12 billion at the acquisition date, in particular in
investments in insurance activities.
The badwill related to this operation was EUR 15 million.

Operation of 2023
Partnership with Stellantis
On 3 April 2023, BNP Paribas Personal Finance became the exclusive
partner of Stellantis, a captive company in its financing activities
across three strategic markets: Germany, Austria and the United
Kingdom.
This operation involved the purchase of three entities in these three
countries, in conjunction with the sale of activities to various
Stellantis joint ventures in France, Italy and Spain.
This restructuring increased the Group’s balance sheet by
EUR 8 billion, in particular in financial assets at amortised cost, and
led to the recognition of a net gain on disposal of EUR 54 million and
of a goodwill of EUR 173 million.

8.e

DISCONTINUED ACTIVITIES

On 18 December 2021, BNP Paribas concluded an agreement with
BMO Financial Group for the sale of 100% of its retail and
commercial banking activities in the United States, operated by the
BancWest cash‑generating unit, for a total consideration of
USD 16.3 billion in cash.
The transaction was closed on 1 February 2023 following receipt of
all regulatory approvals by BMO Financial Group.
The net capital gain on the disposal amounted to EUR 2.9 billion,
recognised in net income from discontinued activities in 2023.

8.f

SIGNIFICANT RESTRICTIONS
IN SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES
AND ASSOCIATES

Significant restrictions related to the ability
of entities to transfer cash to the Group
The ability of entities to pay dividends or to repay loans and
advances depends, inter alia, on local regulatory requirements for

296

capitalisation and legal reserves, as well as the entities’ financial
and operating performance. During 2024, none of the BNP Paribas
Group entities were subject to significant restrictions other than
those related to regulatory requirements.

Significant restrictions relative to the Group’s
ability to use the assets lodged in consolidated
structured entities
Access to the assets of consolidated structured entities in which
third‑party investors have invested is limited inasmuch as these
entities’ assets are reserved for the holders of units or securities.
These assets total EUR 48 billion at 31 December 2024
(EUR 42 billion at 31 December 2023).

Significant restrictions related to the Group’s
ability to use assets pledged as collateral
or under repurchase agreements
The financial instruments pledged by the BNP Paribas Group as
collateral or under repurchase agreements are presented in
notes 4.p and 6.d.

Significant restrictions related to liquidity
reserves
Significant restrictions related to liquidity reserves correspond to the
mandatory deposits placed with central banks presented in
chapter 5 of the Universal registration document under Liquidity
risk.

Assets representative of unit‑linked insurance
contracts
Assets representative of unit‑linked insurance contracts designated
as at fair value through profit or loss, which amount to
EUR 115.1 billion at 31 December 2024 (compared with
EUR 95.8 billion at 31 December 2023), are held for the benefit of
the holders of these contracts.

8.g STRUCTURED ENTITIES
The BNP Paribas Group is engaged in transactions with sponsored
structured entities mainly through its activities of securitisation of
financial assets - as either originator or sponsor, fund management
and specialised asset financing.
In addition, the BNP Paribas Group is also engaged in transactions
with structured entities that it has not sponsored, notably in the
form of investments in funds or securitisation vehicles.
The method for assessing control for structured entities is detailed in
note 1.b.2. Consolidation methods.

Consolidated structured entities
The main categories of consolidated structured entities are:
ABCP (Asset‑Backed Commercial Paper) conduits: the ABCP
securitisation conduits Starbird and Matchpoint fund securitisation
transactions managed by the BNP Paribas Group on behalf of its
customers. Details on how these are financed and the Group’s risk
exposure are presented in chapter 5 of the Universal registration
document under Securitisation as sponsor on behalf of clients/
Short‑term refinancing.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Proprietary securitisation: proprietary securitisation positions
originated and held by the BNP Paribas Group are detailed in
chapter 5 of the Universal registration document under Proprietary
securitisation activities (originator).
Funds managed by the Group: the BNP Paribas Group structures
different types of funds for which it may act as fund manager,
investor, custodian or guarantor. These funds are consolidated when
the Group is both the manager and a significant investor and is
therefore exposed to variable returns.

Unconsolidated structured entities
The BNP Paribas Group has entered into relations with
unconsolidated structured entities in the course of its business
activities to meet the needs of its customers.

4

conduits. Each vehicle finances the purchase of customers’ assets
(receivables, bonds, etc.) primarily by issuing bonds backed by these
assets and whose redemption is linked to their performance.
Funds: the Group structures and manages funds to offer investment
opportunities to its customers. Dedicated or public funds are offered
to institutional and individual customers and are distributed and
commercially monitored by the BNP Paribas Group. The entities of
the BNP Paribas Group responsible for managing these funds may
receive management fees and performance commission. The
BNP Paribas Group may hold units in these funds, as well as units in
funds dedicated to the insurance activity not managed by the
BNP Paribas Group.

Information relative to interests in sponsored
structured entities

Asset financing: the BNP Paribas Group establishes and finances
structured entities that acquire assets (aircraft, ships, etc.) intended
for lease, and the lease payments received by the structured entity
are used to repay the financing, which is guaranteed by the asset
held by the structured entity.

The main categories of unconsolidated sponsored structured entities
are as follows:

Other: on behalf of its customers, the Group may also structure
entities which invest in assets or are involved in debt restructuring.

Securitisation: the BNP Paribas Group structures securitisation
vehicles for the purposes of offering customers financing solutions
for their assets, either directly or through consolidated ABCP

An interest in an unconsolidated structured entity is a contractual or
non‑contractual link that exposes the BNP Paribas Group to variable
returns from the performance of the entity.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

4

297

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

The Group’s assets and liabilities related to the interests held in sponsored structured entities are as follows:
In millions of euros,
at 31 December 2024

Securitisation

Funds

Asset Financing

Others

Total

Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss

2

1,198

1

125

1,326

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

5

1,367

6

58

1,436

Financial instruments at fair value through equity

69

INTERESTS ON THE GROUP BALANCE SHEET
ASSETS

Financial assets at amortised cost

27,785

Other assets

184

2,166

105

Investments and other assets related to insurance activities
TOTAL ASSETS

69
7

30,142

3

108

37,026
27,861

37,026

39,880

2,173

193

70,107

2,952

64

108

3,124

4

4

210

13,853

LIABILITIES
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Derivatives used for hedging purposes
Financial liabilities at amortised cost

90

13,313

240

Other liabilities

2

326

7

TOTAL LIABILITIES

92

16,591

311

322

17,316

MAXIMUM EXPOSURE TO LOSS

39,265

41,022

2,173

816

83,276

SIZE OF STRUCTURED ENTITIES(1)

91,098

367,479

7,677

4,580

470,834

Securitisation

Funds

Asset Financing

Others

Total

Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss

1

1,374

1

480

1,856

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

7

1,005

9

16

1,037

In millions of euros,
at 31 December 2023

335

INTERESTS ON THE GROUP BALANCE SHEET
ASSETS

Financial instruments at fair value through equity
Financial assets at amortised cost

105
23,623

Other assets

262

1,992

84

Investments and other assets related to insurance activities
TOTAL ASSETS

105
37

25,914

1

85

41,406
23,736

41,406

44,131

2,002

534

70,403

528

41

438

1,007

LIABILITIES
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Derivatives used for hedging purposes
Financial liabilities at amortised cost

116

13,223

242

299

13,880

Other liabilities

2

251

57

TOTAL LIABILITIES

118

14,002

340

737

15,197

MAXIMUM EXPOSURE TO LOSS

34,922

44,657

3,097

1,517

84,193

SIZE OF STRUCTURED ENTITIES(1)

199,055

344,598

6,611

4,362

554 626

310

(1) The size of sponsored structured entities equals the total assets of the structured entity for securitisation vehicles, the net asset value for funds
(excluding management mandates) and the structured entity’s total assets or the amount of the BNP Paribas Group’s commitment for asset financing
and other structures.

298

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

The BNP Paribas Group’s maximum exposure to losses on sponsored
structured entities is the carrying amount of the assets, excluding,
for financial assets at fair value through equity, changes in value
taken directly to equity, as well as the nominal amount of the
financing commitments and guarantee commitments given and the
notional amount of credit default swaps (CDS) sold.

Information relative to interests
in non‑sponsored structured entities

4

structured entities without any involvement in either managing
or structuring these entities (investments in mutual funds,
securities funds or alternative funds), particularly as economic
hedge for structured products sold to customers. The Group
also invests in minority holdings in investment funds, in support
of companies, as part of its venture capital business. These
investments amounted to EUR 23 billion at 31 December 2024
(12 billion at 31 December 2023);
■ Investments in securitisation vehicles: the breakdown of the

The main interests held by the BNP Paribas Group when it acts
solely as an investor in non‑sponsored structured entities are
detailed below:

Group’s exposure and the nature of the securities held are
presented in chapter 5 of the Universal registration document
in the section Securitisation as investor.

■ Units in funds that are not managed by the Group, which are

Besides, in the framework of its asset financing activity, the
BNP Paribas Group provides financing to structured entities that are
established by and for its clients and whose purpose is to acquire
assets (aircraft, ships, etc.) intended for lease to those same clients.
These financings amount to EUR 3 billion at 31 December 2024
(EUR 6 billion at 31 December 2023).

held by the Insurance business line: as part of the asset
allocation strategy corresponding to investments related to the
premiums for unit‑linked contracts or for the general fund, the
Insurance business line subscribes to units of structured
entities. These short- or medium‑term investments are held for
their financial performance and meet the risk diversification
criteria inherent to the business. They amounted to
EUR 26 billion at 31 December 2024 (EUR 28 billion at
31 December 2023). Changes in value and the majority of the
risks associated with these investments are borne by
policyholders in the case of assets representative of unit‑linked
contracts, and by the insurer in the case of assets
representative of the general fund;
■ Other investments in funds not managed by the Group: as part of

its trading business, the BNP Paribas Group invests in

8.h COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS
AWARDED TO THE GROUP’S CORPORATE
OFFICERS

4

The Group’s corporate officers, their spouse and their dependent
children are considered related parties.
The remuneration and benefits policy relating to the Group’s
corporate officers, as well as the detailed information on an
individual basis, are presented in chapter 2 Corporate governance of
the Universal registration document.

➤ REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS AWARDED TO THE GROUP’S CORPORATE OFFICERS AND TO DIRECTORS
REPRESENTING THE EMPLOYEES

In euros

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

11,064,899

9,319,675

Remuneration linked to the term of directorship (paid to the trade unions)

519,062

428,648

Welfare benefits: premiums paid by BNP Paribas during the year

28,179

26,788

Post‑employment benefits

1,207,702

1,141,635

Share‑based payments: conditional long‑term incentive plan (LTIP) - fair value at grant date(1)

1,185,001

1,404,857

Gross remuneration
Gross remuneration paid during the year including benefits in kind

(1) Valuation according to the method described in note 8.e.

At 31 December 2024, no corporate officer is eligible for a contingent
collective defined‑benefit top‑up pension plan.

Loans, advances and guarantees granted
to the Group’s corporate officers

Remuneration linked to the term
of directorship paid to members of the Board
of directors

At 31 December 2024, the total outstanding loans granted directly or
indirectly to the Group’s corporate officers and their spouse and
dependent children amounted to EUR 4,628,369 (EUR 5,770,986 at
31 December 2023). These loans representing normal transactions
were carried out on an arm’s length basis.

Remuneration linked to the term of directorship paid to all members
of the Board of directors in 2024 amounts to EUR 1,850,000. This
amount was 1,540,000 in 2023. The amount paid in 2024 to
members other than corporate officers was EUR 1,696,445 compared
with EUR 1,410,484 in 2023

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

299

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

8.i

OTHER RELATED PARTIES

Other related parties of the BNP Paribas Group comprise
consolidated companies (including entities consolidated under the
equity method) and entities managing post‑employment benefit
plans offered to Group employees (except for multi‑employer and
multi‑industry schemes).

Relations between consolidated companies
A list of companies consolidated by the BNP Paribas Group is
provided in note 8.k Scope of consolidation. Transactions and
outstanding balances between fully‑consolidated entities are
eliminated. The tables below show transactions with entities
accounted for under the equity method.

Transactions between the BNP Paribas Group and related parties are
carried out on an arm’s length basis.

➤ OUTSTANDING BALANCES OF RELATED‑PARTY TRANSACTIONS
31 December 2024
In millions of euros, at

Joint ventures

Associates

31 December 2023
Joint ventures

Associates

ASSETS
On demand accounts
Loans

2

5

3,343

705

3,510

Securities

167

111

356

Other assets

74

49

1

Investments and other assets related to insurance activities

1

TOTAL ASSETS

88

52
3

3,585

867

3,867

148

On demand accounts

29

750

337

1,118

Other borrowings

7

470

46

588

Other liabilities

46

32

4

18

LIABILITIES

Liabilities related to insurance contracts
TOTAL LIABILITIES

195
82

1,252

387

1,919

Financing commitments given

248

19

538

Guarantee commitments given

152

7

111

400

26

649

FINANCING COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEE COMMITMENTS

TOTAL FINANCING COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEE COMMITMENTS

-

The Group also carries out trading transactions with related parties involving derivatives (swaps, options and forwards, etc.) and financial
instruments purchased or underwritten and issued by them (equities, bonds, etc.).

300

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

4

➤ RELATED‑PARTY PROFIT AND LOSS ITEMS
Year to 31 Dec. 2024

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

In millions of euros

Joint ventures

Associates

Joint ventures

Associates

Interest income

170

13

155

9

Interest expense

(7)

(38)

(13)

(75)

Commission income

5

286

1

284

Commission expense

(1)

(107)

(1)

(78)

Services provided

2

Services received

1

Lease income
Net income from insurance activities

6

TOTAL

168

Group entities involved in certain
post‑employment benefit plans offered
to Group employees
In Belgium, BNP Paribas Fortis funds a number of pension schemes
managed by AG Insurance in which the BNP Paribas Group has a
25% equity interest.
In other countries, post‑employment benefit plans are generally
managed by independent fund managers or independent insurance
companies, and occasionally by Group companies, in particular
BNP Paribas Asset Management.
At 31 December 2024, the value of plan assets managed by Group
companies or by companies over which the Group exercises
significant influence was EUR 3,858 million (EUR 3,864 million at
31 December 2023). Amounts received by Group companies in the
year to 31 December 2024 totalled EUR 6 million and were mainly
composed of management and custody fees (EUR 5 million at
31 December 2023).

8.j

160

8
142

150

They are liable to fluctuate from day to day as a result of
changes in various parameters, such as interest rates and credit
quality of the counterparty. In particular, they may differ
significantly from the amounts actually received or paid on
maturity of the instrument. In most cases, the fair value is not
intended to be realised immediately, and in practice might not
be realised immediately. Consequently, this fair value does not
reflect the actual value of the instrument to BNP Paribas as a
going concern;

4

■ most of these fair values are not meaningful, and hence are not

taken into account in the management of the commercial
banking activities which use these instruments;
■ estimating a fair value for financial instruments carried at

historical cost often requires the use of modelling techniques,
hypotheses and assumptions that may vary from bank to bank.
This means that comparisons between the fair values of
financial instruments carried at historical cost as disclosed by
different banks may not be meaningful;
■ the fair values shown below do not include the fair values of

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS CARRIED
AT AMORTISED COST

The information supplied in this note must be used and interpreted
with the greatest caution for the following reasons:
■ these fair values are an estimate of the value of the relevant

finance lease transactions, non‑financial instruments such as
property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangible
assets such as the value attributed to demand deposit portfolios
or customer relationships. Consequently, these fair values
should not be regarded as the actual contribution of the
instruments concerned to the overall valuation of the
BNP Paribas Group.

instruments at 31 December 2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

301

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Estimated fair value

In millions of euros,

at 31 December 2024

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Carrying
value

114,149

753,614

867,763

880,267

39,122

1,423

144,325

146,975

1,101,596

1,101,596

1,101,729

FINANCIAL ASSETS
Loans and advances to credit institutions and customers(1)
Debt securities at amortised cost (note 4.e)

103,780

FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Deposits from credit institutions and customers
Debt securities (note 4.h)

80,401

119,429

199,830

198,119

Subordinated debt (note 4.h)

23,087

8,743

31,830

31,799

(1) Finance leases excluded.

Estimated fair value

In millions of euros,

at 31 December 2023

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Carrying
value

91,565

719,554

811,119

835,860

29,720

989

119,693

121,161

1,083,782

1,083,782

1,083,724

FINANCIAL ASSETS
Loans and advances to credit institutions and customers(1)
Debt securities at amortised cost (note 4.e)

88,984

FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Deposits from credit institutions and customers
Debt securities (note 4.h)

77,165

115,102

192,267

191,482

Subordinated debt (note 4.h)

17,128

7,588

24,716

24,743

(1) Finance leases excluded.

The valuation techniques and assumptions used by BNP Paribas
ensure that the fair value of financial assets and liabilities carried at
amortised cost is measured on a consistent basis throughout the
Group. Fair value is based on prices quoted in an active market
when these are available. In other cases, fair value is determined
using valuation techniques such as discounting of estimated future
cash flows for loans, liabilities and debt securities at amortised
cost, or specific valuation models for other financial instruments as
described in note 1, Summary of material accounting policies

302

applied by the BNP Paribas Group. The description of the fair value
hierarchy levels is also presented in the accounting principles (see
note 1.f.10). In the case of loans, liabilities and debt securities at
amortised cost that have an initial maturity of less than one year
(including demand deposits) or of most regulated savings products,
fair value equates to carrying amount. These instruments have been
classified in Level 2, except for loans to customers, which are
classified in Level 3.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

8.k

4

SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

BNP Paribas, a société anonyme (Public Limited Company), registered in France, is the Group’s lead company, which holds key positions in its
three operating divisions: Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB), Commercial, Personal Banking & Services (CPBS) and Investment & Protection
Services (IPS).
During the year, the parent company did not change its name. BNP Paribas has its principal place of business in France and its head office is
located at 16 boulevard des Italiens 75009 Paris, France.

31 December 2024
Business Name

Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

BNP Paribas SA

France

(1)

BNPP SA (Argentina branch)

Argentina

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Australia branch)

Australia

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Austria branch)

Austria

Full

100.0%

BNPP SA (Bahrain branch)

Bahrain

Full

BNPP SA (Belgium branch)

Belgium

BNPP SA (Bulgaria branch)

Ref.

31 December 2023
Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Bulgaria

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Canada branch)

Canada

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Czech Republic branch)

Czech Rep.

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Denmark branch)

Denmark

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Finland branch)

Finland

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Germany branch)

Germany

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Greece branch)

Greece

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Guernsey branch)

Guernsey

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Hong Kong branch)

Hong Kong

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Hungary branch)

Hungary

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (India branch)

India

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Ireland branch)

Ireland

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Italy branch)

Italy

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Japan branch)

Japan

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Jersey branch)

Jersey

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Kuwait branch)

Kuwait

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Luxembourg branch)

Luxembourg

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Malaysia branch)

Malaysia

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Monaco branch)

Monaco

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Netherlands branch)

Netherlands

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Norway branch)

Norway

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Philippines branch)

Philippines

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Poland branch)

Poland

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Portugal branch)

Portugal

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Qatar branch)

Qatar

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Republic of Korea branch)

Rep. of Korea

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Romania branch)

Romania

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Saudi Arabia branch)

Saudi Arabia

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Singapore branch)

Singapore

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (South Africa branch)

South Africa

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Spain branch)

Spain

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Sweden branch)

Sweden

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Switzerland branch)

Switzerland

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Taiwan branch)

Taiwan

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Thailand branch)

Thailand

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (United Arab Emirates branch)

United Arab Emirates

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (United Kingdom branch)

UK

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (United States branch)

USA

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP SA (Viet Nam branch)

Viet Nam

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Method

Ref.

(1)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

4

303

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Business Name

Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

22.0%

22.0%

Ref.

31 December 2023
Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

22.0%

22.0%

Ref.

CORPORATE & INSTITUTIONAL BANKING
EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa)
France
Austin Finance (s)

France

BNPP Financial Markets

France

S4

Eurotitrisation

France

Exane

France

Equity

Equity

V4
S4

Exane (Germany branch)

Germany

S4

Exane (Italy branch)

Italy

S4

Exane (Spain branch)

Spain

S4

Exane (Sweden branch)

Sweden

S4

Exane (Switzerland branch)

Switzerland

S4

Exane (United Kingdom branch)

UK

Exane Asset Management

France

S4
Equity

35.0%

35.0%

Equity

35.0%

35.0%

V2

Exane Derivatives

France

S4

Exane Derivatives (Switzerland branch)

Switzerland

S4

Exane Derivatives (United Kingdom branch) UK

S4

Exane Derivatives Gerance

France

S4

Exane Finance

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

FCT Juice (t)

France

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Financière des Italiens (s)

France

Financière du Marché Saint Honoré

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

66.6%

66.6%

Equity (3)

66.6%

66.6%

Optichamps (s)

France

Parilease

France

S4
S4

Participations Opéra (s)

France

Services Logiciels d’Intégration Boursière

France

Equity (3)

S4

Services Logiciels d’Intégration Boursière
(Portugal branch)

Portugal

Equity (3)

66.6%

66.6%

Equity (3)

66.6%

66.6%

SNC Taitbout Participation 3

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Société Orbaisienne de Participations

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Uptevia SA

France

Equity (3)

50.0%

50.0%

Equity (3)

50.0%

50.0%
12.0%

E2

E3

Other European countries
Allfunds Group PLC

UK

Equity

12.5%

12.4%

V4 Equity

12.1%

Aries Capital DAC

Ireland

Full

100.0%

0.0%

Full

100.0%

0.0%

AssetMetrix

Germany

Equity

23.1%

23.1%

V4 Equity

22.3%

22.3%

BNP PUK Holding Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Bank JSC

Russia

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Emissions Und Handels GmbH

Germany

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Fund Administration Services
Ireland Ltd

Ireland

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Ireland Unlimited Co

Ireland

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Islamic Issuance BV

Netherlands

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Issuance BV

Netherlands

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Net Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Prime Brokerage International Ltd

Ireland

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Suisse SA

Switzerland

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Suisse SA (Guernsey branch)

Guernsey

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Technology LLC

Russia

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Trust Corp UK Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Vartry Reinsurance DAC

Ireland

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Diamante Re SRL

Italy

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Ejesur SA

Spain

Exane Solutions Luxembourg SA

Luxembourg

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Expo Atlantico EAII Investimentos
Imobiliarios SA (s)

Portugal

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Expo Indico EIII Investimentos Imobiliarios SA
(s)
Portugal
FScholen

304

Belgium

S3

S1

V4

S1

Full
Equity (3)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

-

-

50.0%

50.0%

Full
Equity (3)

-

-

50.0%

50.0%

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Business Name
Greenstars BNPP

Country
Luxembourg

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Ref.

4

31 December 2023
Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Ref.

Kantox European Union SL

Spain

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0% V1/D3

Kantox Holding Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0% V1/D3

Kantox Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0% V1/D3

Madison Arbor Ltd (t)

Ireland

Full

-

-

Full

-

Matchpoint Finance PLC (t)

Ireland

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Ribera Del Loira Arbitrage

Spain

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Securasset SA

Luxembourg

Full

100.0%

0.0%

Full

100.0%

0.0%

Single Platform Investment Repackaging
Entity SA

Luxembourg

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Utexam Logistics Ltd

Ireland

S3

Utexam Solutions Ltd

Ireland

S3

Volantis SARL (s)

Luxembourg

Full

-

-

Saudi Arabia

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Banco BNPP Brasil SA

Brazil

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Capital Services Inc

USA

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Colombia Corporacion Financiera SA

Colombia

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP EQD Brazil Fund Fundo de Investmento
Multimercado (s)
Brazil

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

BNPP Financial Services LLC

USA

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP FS LLC

USA

BNPP IT Solutions Canada Inc

Canada

Full

100.0%

BNPP Mexico Holding

Mexico

Full

100.0%

BNPP Mexico SA Institucion de Banca
Multiple

Mexico

Full

100.0%

BNPP Proprietario Fundo de Investimento
Multimercado (s)

Brazil

Full

BNPP RCC Inc

USA

Full

BNPP Securities Corp

USA

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP US Investments Inc

USA

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP US Wholesale Holdings Corp

USA

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP USA Inc

USA

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP VPG Brookline Cre LLC (s)

USA

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

BNPP VPG EDMC Holdings LLC (s)

USA

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

BNPP VPG Express LLC (s)

USA

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

BNPP VPG I LLC (s)

USA

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

BNPP VPG II LLC (s)

USA

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

BNPP VPG III LLC (s)

USA

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

BNPP VPG IV LLC (s)

USA

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

BNPP VPG Master LLC (s)

USA

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

-

E1

Middle East
BNPP Investment Co KSA
AMERICAS

Corporation BNPP Canada (Ex- BNPP Canada
Corp)
Canada

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

-

-

Full

-

-

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

S1

Dale Bakken Partners 2012 LLC

USA

Decart Re Ltd

Bermuda

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

FSI Holdings Inc

USA

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Starbird Funding Corp (t)

USA

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Andalan Multi Guna PT

Indonesia

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Bank BNPP Indonesia PT

Indonesia

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Arbitrage Hong Kong Ltd

Hong Kong

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP China Ltd

China

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Finance Hong Kong Ltd

Hong Kong

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Fund Services Australasia Pty Ltd

Australia

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

4

E2

S2

PACIFIC ASIA

BNPP Fund Services Australasia Pty Ltd (New
Zealand branch)
New Zealand
BNPP Global Securities Operations
Private Ltd

India

S4

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

305

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Business Name

Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Ref.

31 December 2023
Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

BNPP India Holding Private Ltd

India

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP India Solutions Private Ltd

India

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Malaysia Berhad

Malaysia

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Securities Asia Ltd

Hong Kong

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Securities China Ltd

China

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Securities India Private Ltd

India

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Securities Japan Ltd

Japan

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Securities Korea Co Ltd

Rep. of Korea

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Securities Taiwan Co Ltd

Taiwan

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Sekuritas Indonesia PT

Indonesia

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BPP Holdings Pte Ltd

Singapore

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Ref.

E2

COMMERCIAL, PERSONAL BANKING & SERVICES
COMMERCIAL & PERSONAL BANKING IN THE EUROZONE
Commercial & Personal Banking in France
2SF - Société des Services Fiduciaires

France

Equity (3)

33.3%

33.3%

Equity (3)

33.3%

33.3%

Banque de Wallis et Futuna

France

Full (1)

51.0%

51.0%

Full (1)

51.0%

51.0%

BNPP Antilles Guyane

France

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Développement

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Développement Oblig

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Factor

France

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Factor (Portugal branch)

Portugal

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Factor (Spain branch)

Spain

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Factor Sociedade Financeira de
Credito SA

Portugal

BNPP Nouvelle Calédonie

France

E2

S4

BNPP Réunion

France

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Compagnie pour le Financement des Loisirs

France

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Copartis

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Euro Securities Partners

France

GIE Ocean

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Jivago Holding

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Partecis

France

Equity (3)

50.0%

50.0%

Equity (3)

50.0%

50.0%

Paylib Services

France

Equity

14.3%

14.3%

Equity

14.3%

14.3%

Portzamparc

France

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Banca Agevolarti SPA (Ex- Artigiancassa SPA) Italy

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Banca Nazionale Del Lavoro SPA

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%
-

S2

BNL banca commerciale

306

Italy

BNPP BNL Equity Investment SPA

Italy

Full

100.0%

100.0%

EMF IT 2008 1 SRL (t)

Italy

Full

-

-

Full

-

Era Uno SRL (t)

Italy

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Eutimm SRL

Italy

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Financit SPA

Italy

Full

60.0%

60.0%

Full

60.0%

60.0%

Immera SRL (t)

Italy

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

International Factors Italia SPA

Italy

Full

99.9%

99.9%

Full

99.7%

99.7%

V1

E1

V1

Permicro SPA

Italy

Equity

21.9%

21.9%

Equity

21.9%

21.9%

Servizio Italia SPA

Italy

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Sviluppo HQ Tiburtina SRL

Italy

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Tierre Securitisation SRL (t)

Italy

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Vela OBG SRL (t)

Italy

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Vela RMBS SRL (t)

Italy

Worldline Merchant Services Italia SPA

Italy

Equity

20.0%

20.0%

Equity

20.0%

20.0%

S3

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Business Name

Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Ref.

4

31 December 2023
Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Ref.

Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium
Axepta BNPP Benelux

Belgium

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Bancontact Paytoniq Company

Belgium

Equity

22.5%

22.5%

Equity

22.5%

22.5%

BASS Master Issuer NV (t)

Belgium

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Batopin

Belgium

Equity

25.0%

25.0%

Equity

25.0%

25.0%

Belgian Mobile ID

Belgium

Equity

12.2%

12.2%

Equity

12.2%

12.2%

BNPP Commercial Finance Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

BNPP Factor AS

Denmark

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

BNPP Factor GmbH

Germany

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

BNPP Factoring Support

Netherlands

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

BNPP Fortis

Belgium

Full

99.9%

99.9%

Full

99.9%

99.9%

BNPP Fortis (Spain branch)

Spain

Full

99.9%

99.9%

BNPP Fortis (United States branch)

USA

Full

99.9%

99.9%

Full

99.9%

99.9%

BNPP Fortis Factor NV

Belgium

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

BNPP Fortis Film Finance

Belgium

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

BNPP Fortis Funding SA

Luxembourg

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

BNPP FPE Belgium

Belgium

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

BNPP FPE Expansion

Belgium

Full

100.0%

99.9%

BNPP FPE Management

Belgium

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

BNPPF Credit Brokers (Ex‑Demetris NV)

Belgium

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Bpost Banque

Belgium

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Credissimo

Belgium

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Credissimo Hainaut SA

Belgium

Full

99.7%

99.7%

Full

99.7%

99.7%

Crédit pour Habitations Sociales

Belgium

Full

81.7%

81.6%

Full

81.7%

81.6%

Epimede (s)

Belgium

Equity

-

-

Equity

-

-

Esmee Master Issuer (t)

Belgium

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Immobilière Sauveniere SA

Belgium

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

V4

S1

S3

S4

Isabel SA NV

Belgium

Equity

25.3%

25.3%

Microstart

Belgium

Full

43.9%

77.5%

Private Equity Investments (a)

BE/FR/LU

FV

-

-

FV

-

-

Sagip

Belgium

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Sowo Invest SA NV

Belgium

Full

87.5%

87.5%

Full

87.5%

87.5%

BGL BNPP

Luxembourg

Full

66.0%

65.9%

Full

66.0%

65.9%

BGL BNPP (Germany branch)

Germany

Full

66.0%

65.9%

Full

66.0%

65.9%

BNPP Lease Group Luxembourg SA

Luxembourg

Full

100.0%

65.9%

Full

100.0%

65.9%

BNPP SB Re

Luxembourg

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full

97.4%

97.4%

Full

97.3%

97.3%

Full (2)

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

V4

Equity

25.3%

25.3%

Full

42.3%

76.8%

4

Commercial & Personal Banking in Luxembourg

Cofhylux SA

Luxembourg

Compagnie Financière Ottomane SA

Luxembourg

S4
V4

Le Sphinx Assurances Luxembourg SA

Luxembourg

100.0%

100.0%

Luxhub SA

Luxembourg

Equity

28.0%

18.5%

Equity

28.0%

18.5%

Visalux

Luxembourg

Equity

25.2%

16.6%

Equity

25.2%

16.6%

V3

Equity

16.2%

16.2%

V1/V3 Equity

13.8%

13.8%

V3

COMMERCIAL & PERSONAL BANKING OUTSIDE THE EUROZONE
Europe‑Mediterranean
Bank of Nanjing

China

Banque Internationale pour le Commerce et
l’Industrie de la Côte d’Ivoire
Ivory Coast

S2

Banque Internationale pour le Commerce et
l’Industrie du Sénégal
Senegal

S2

Banque Marocaine pour le Commerce et
l’Industrie

Morocco

Banque Marocaine pour le Commerce et
l’Industrie Banque Offshore
Bantas Nakit AS

Full

67.0%

Morocco

Full

100.0%

Türkiye

Equity (3)

33.3%

BDSI

Morocco

Full

100.0%

BGZ Poland ABS1 DAC (t)

Ireland

Full

-

BICI Bourse

Ivory Coast

BMCI Leasing

Morocco

Full

BNPP Bank Polska SA

Poland

Full

67.0%

Full

67.0%

67.0%

67.0%

Full

100.0%

67.0%

16.7%

Equity (3)

33.3%

16.7%

96.4%

Full

100.0%

96.4%

-

Full

-

-

86.9%

58.2%

Full

86.9%

58.2%

81.3%

81.3%

Full

87.3%

87.3%

S2
V2

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

V3

307

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Business Name

Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Ref.

31 December 2023
Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

BNPP El Djazair

Algeria

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Faktoring Spolka ZOO

Poland

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Fortis Yatirimlar Holding AS

Türkiye

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

BNPP Group Service Center SA

Poland

Full

100.0%

81.3%

Full

100.0%

87.3%

BNPP IRB Participations

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Yatirimlar Holding AS

Türkiye

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Dreams Sustainable AB

Sweden

Full

57.5%

57.5%

Joint Stock Company Ukrsibbank

Ukraine

Full

60.0%

60.0%

D1 Equity

60.0%

60.0%

TEB ARF Teknoloji Anonim Sirketi

Türkiye

Full

100.0%

72.5%

Full

100.0%

72.5%

TEB Faktoring AS

Türkiye

Full

100.0%

72.5%

Full

100.0%

72.5%

TEB Finansman AS

Türkiye

Full

100.0%

72.5%

Full

100.0%

72.5%

TEB Holding AS

Türkiye

Full

50.0%

50.0%

Full

50.0%

50.0%

TEB SH A

Kosovo

Full

100.0%

50.0%

Full

100.0%

50.0%

TEB Yatirim Menkul Degerler AS

Türkiye

Full

100.0%

72.5%

Full

100.0%

72.5%

Turk Ekonomi Bankasi AS

Türkiye

Full

100.0%

72.5%

Full

100.0%

72.5%

V3

S2

Ref.

V3

V3

BancWest
BancWest Holding Inc

USA

S2

BancWest Holding Inc Grantor Trust ERC
Subaccount (s)

USA

S2

BancWest Holding Inc Umbrella Trust (s)

USA

S2

BancWest Investment Services Inc

USA

S2

Bank of the West

USA

S2

Bank of the West Auto Trust 2019‑1 (t)

USA

S2

Bank of the West Auto Trust 2019‑2 (t)

USA

S2

BNPP Leasing Solutions Canada Inc

Canada

S2

BOW Auto Receivables LLC (t)

USA

S2

BWC Opportunity Fund 2 Inc (t)

USA

S2

BWC Opportunity Fund Inc (t)

USA

S2

CFB Community Development Corp

USA

S2

Claas Financial Services LLC

USA

S2

Commercial Federal Affordable Housing Inc

USA

S2

First Santa Clara Corp (s)

USA

S2

United California Bank Deferred
Compensation Plan Trust (s)

USA

S2

Ursus Real Estate Inc

USA

S2

SPECIALISED BUSINESSES
Personal Finance

308

Alpha Crédit SA

Belgium

Auto ABS UK Loans PLC (t)

UK

AutoFlorence 1 SRL (t)

Italy

Full

-

AutoFlorence 2 SRL (t)

Italy

Full

AutoFlorence 3 SRL (t)

Italy

Full

Autonoria 2019 (t)

France

Autonoria DE 2023 (t)

France

Full

-

Autonoria Spain 2019 (t)

Spain

Full

-

Autonoria Spain 2021 FT (t)

Spain

Full

Autonoria Spain 2022 FT (t)

Spain

Full

Autonoria Spain 2023 FT (t)

Spain

Axa Banque Financement

France

Banco Cetelem SA

Brazil

Banco Cetelem SA

Spain

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

-

-

-

Full

-

-

-

-

Full

-

-

-

-

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

-

Full

-

-

-

Full

-

-

-

-

Full

-

-

-

-

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Equity

35.0%

35.0%

Equity

35.0%

35.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

S3

S1

E3

E2
E2

E2
S4

BGN Mercantil E Servicos Ltda

Brazil

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Personal Finance

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

S4

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Personal Finance (Austria branch)

Austria

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Personal Finance (Bulgaria branch)

Bulgaria

BNPP Personal Finance (Czech Republic
branch)

Czech Rep.

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Personal Finance (Portugal branch)

Portugal

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

S1

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Business Name

Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Ref.

31 December 2023
Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

BNPP Personal Finance (Romania branch)

Romania

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Personal Finance (Slovakia branch)

Slovakia

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Personal Finance BV

Netherlands

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Personal Finance South Africa Ltd

South Africa

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BON BNPP Consumer Finance Co Ltd

China

Equity

31.7%

31.7%

V3 Equity

33.1%

33.1%

Cafineo

France

51.0%

50.8%

51.0%

50.8%

Full (1)

Full (1)

Carrefour Banque

France

Equity

40.0%

40.0%

Equity

40.0%

40.0%

Central Europe Technologies SRL

Romania

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Cetelem America Ltda

Brazil

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Cetelem Business Consulting Shanghai
Co Ltd

China

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Cetelem Gestion AIE

Spain

Full

100.0%

96.0%

Full

100.0%

96.0%

Cetelem SA de CV

Mexico

Equity

20.0%

0.0 %

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Cetelem Servicios Informaticos AIE

Spain

Full

100.0%

81.0%

Full

100.0%

81.0%

Cetelem Servicos Ltda

Brazil

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

S4

S2

Ref.

V1/V4

Cofica Bail

France

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Cofiplan

France

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Creation Consumer Finance Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

V3

Creation Financial Services Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

V3

Crédit Moderne Antilles Guyane

France

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Crédit Moderne Océan Indien

France

Full (1)

97.8%

97.8%

Full (1)

97.8%

97.8%

Domofinance

France

Full (1)

55.0%

55.0%

Full (1)

55.0%

55.0%

E Carat 10 (t)

France

S1

E Carat 11 PLC (t)

UK

S3

E Carat 12 PLC (t)

UK

Ecarat De SA (t)

Luxembourg

Full

-

-

Ekspres Bank AS

Denmark

Full

100.0%

Ekspres Bank AS (Norway branch)

Norway

Full

100.0%

Ekspres Bank AS (Sweden branch)

Sweden

Full

Eos Aremas Belgium SA NV

Belgium

Evollis

Full

-

-

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Equity

50.0%

49.9%

Equity

50.0%

49.9%

France

Equity

49.2%

49.2%

Equity

49.2%

49.2%

Findomestic Banca SPA

Italy

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Florence Real Estate Developments SPA

Italy

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Florence SPV SRL (t)

Italy

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

GCC Consumo Establecimiento Financiero de
Credito SA
Spain

S3

4

4

E2

V4

Full

51.0%

51.0%

Full

51.0%

51.0%

Genius Auto Finance Co Ltd

China

Equity (3)

25.0%

25.0%

Equity (3)

25.0%

25.0%

International Development Resources AS
Services SA

Spain

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Iqera Services

France

Loisirs Finance

France

Full (1)

51.0%

51.0%

Full (1)

51.0%

51.0%

Magyar Cetelem Bank ZRT

Hungary

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Neuilly Contentieux

France

Full

95.9%

95.6%

Full

95.9%

95.6%

Noria 2018‑1 (t)

France

S1

Noria 2020 (t)

France

S1

Noria 2021 (t)

France

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Noria 2023 (t)

France

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Noria De 2024 (t)

France

Full

-

-

Noria Spain 2020 FT (t)

Spain

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Opel Finance NV

Netherlands

Opel Finance SA

Switzerland

Full

100.0%

50.0%

PBD Germany Auto Lease Master SA (t)

Luxembourg

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Personal Finance Location

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

PF Services GmbH

Germany

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Phedina Hypotheken 2010 BV (t)

Netherlands

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

RCS Botswana Pty Ltd

Botswana

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

RCS Cards Pty Ltd

South Africa

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

RCS Investment Holdings Namibia Pty Ltd

Namibia

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

V1

S2
S2

E2

E2
S3
S3

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

E3

309

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Securitisation funds Genius (d) (t)

China

Equity (3)

-

-

Securitisation funds UCI and RMBS Prado (b) (t)

Spain

Equity (3)

-

-

Business Name

Ref.

31 December 2023
Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Ref.

Equity (3)

-

-

E3

Equity (3)

-

-

Securitisation funds Wisdom (e) (t)

China

Equity (3)

-

-

-

-

Servicios Financieros Carrefour EFC SA

Spain

Equity

37.3%

40.0%

Equity

Equity (3)

37.3%

40.0%

Stellantis Bank SA

France

Full

50.0%

50.0%

Full

50.0%

50.0%

Stellantis Bank SA (Austria branch)

Austria

Full

50.0%

50.0%

Full

50.0%

50.0%

Stellantis Bank SA (Germany branch)

Germany

Full

50.0%

50.0%

Full

50.0%

50.0%

Stellantis Bank SA (Italy branch)

Italy

S1

Stellantis Bank SA (Spain branch)

Spain

S1

Stellantis Financial Services UK Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

50.0%

Full

100.0%

50.0%

Union de Creditos Inmobiliarios SA

Spain

Equity (3)

50.0%

50.0%

Equity (3)

50.0%

50.0%

Equity (3)

50.0%

50.0%

Equity (3)

50.0%

50.0%

Full

100.0%

50.0%

United Partnership

France

Vauxhall Finance Ltd

UK

XFERA Consumer Finance EFC SA

Spain

Full

51.0%

51.0%

Full

51.0%

51.0%

Zhejiang Wisdom Puhua Financial Leasing
Co Ltd

China

Equity (3)

25.0%

25.0%

Equity (3)

25.0%

25.0%

S3

E3

E3

V1

Arval

310

Artel

France

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval AB

Sweden

Full

100.0%

99.9%

S4

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval AS

Denmark

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval AS Norway

Norway

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Austria GmbH

Austria

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Belgium NV SA

Belgium

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Brasil Ltda

Brazil

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval BV

Netherlands

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval CZ SRO

Czech Rep.

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Deutschland GmbH

Germany

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Fleet Services

France

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Fleet Services (succ. Monaco)

Monaco

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Hellas Car Rental SA

Greece

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval LLC

Russia

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Luxembourg SA

Luxembourg

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Magyarorszag KFT

Hungary

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Maroc SA

Morocco

Full

100.0%

89.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

89.0%

Arval OY

Finland

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Relsa Colombia SAS

Colombia

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9% V1/D2

Arval Relsa SPA

Chile

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9% V1/D2

Arval Schweiz AG

Switzerland

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Service Lease

France

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Service Lease Aluger Operational
Automoveis SA

Portugal

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Service Lease Italia SPA

Italy

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Service Lease Polska SP ZOO

Poland

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Service Lease Romania SRL

Romania

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Service Lease SA

Spain

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Slovakia SRO

Slovakia

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval Trading

France

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval UK Group Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval UK Leasing Services Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Arval UK Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

BNPP Fleet Holdings Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Cent ASL

France

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Cofiparc

France

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Comercializadora de Vehiculos SA

Chile

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9% V1/D2

FCT Pulse France 2022 (t)

France

Full

-

-

Full (2)

-

-

Greenval Insurance DAC

Ireland

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Method

Belgium

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Louveo

France

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Personal Car Lease BV

Netherlands

Public Location Longue Durée

France

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Pulse UK 2024 PLC (s)

UK

Full

-

-

Rentaequipos Leasing Peru SA

Peru

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9% V1/D2

Rentaequipos Leasing SA

Chile

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9% V1/D2

TEB Arval Arac Filo Kiralama AS

Türkiye

Full

100.0%

75.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

75.0%

Terberg Busines Lease Group BV

Netherlands

Terberg Leasing Justlease Belgium BV

Belgium

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full (2)

100.0%

99.9%

Aprolis Finance

France

Full

51.0%

42.3%

Full

51.0%

42.3%

Artegy

France

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

BNL Leasing SPA

Italy

Full

100.0%

95.5%

Full

100.0%

95.5%

BNPP 3 Step IT

France

Full

51.0%

42.3%

Full

51.0%

42.3%

BNPP 3 Step IT (Belgium branch)

Belgium

Full

51.0%

42.3%

Full

51.0%

42.3%

BNPP 3 Step IT (Germany branch)

Germany

Full

51.0%

42.3%

Full

51.0%

42.3%

BNPP 3 Step IT (Italy branch)

Italy

Full

51.0%

42.3%

Full

51.0%

42.3%

BNPP 3 Step IT (Netherlands branch)

Netherlands

Full

51.0%

42.3%

Full

51.0%

42.3%

BNPP 3 Step IT (Spain branch)

Spain

Full

51.0%

42.3%

Full

51.0%

42.3%

BNPP 3 Step IT (United Kingdom branch)

UK

Full

51.0%

42.3%

Full

51.0%

42.3%

BNPP Finansal Kiralama AS

Türkiye

Full

100.0%

82.5%

Full

100.0%

82.5%

BNPP Lease Group

France

Full (1)

100.0%

83.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

83.0%

Locadif

Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Ref.

31 December 2023
Voting (%)

Business Name

4

Interest (%)

Ref.

S4
E2

S4

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Lease Group (Germany branch)

Germany

Full (1)

100.0%

83.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Lease Group (Italy branch)

Italy

Full (1)

100.0%

83.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Lease Group (Portugal branch)

Portugal

Full (1)

100.0%

83.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Lease Group (Spain branch)

Spain

Full (1)

100.0%

83.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Lease Group Belgium

Belgium

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Lease Group Leasing Solutions SPA

Italy

Full

100.0%

95.5%

Full

100.0%

95.5%

BNPP Lease Group Ltd (Ex‑BNPP Lease
Group PLC)

UK

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Lease Group SP ZOO

Poland

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Leasing Services

Poland

Full

100.0%

81.3%

Full

100.0%

87.3%

BNPP Leasing Solution AS

Norway

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Leasing Solutions

Luxembourg

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Leasing Solutions AB

Sweden

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Leasing Solutions AS

Denmark

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Leasing Solutions GmbH

Austria

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Leasing Solutions IFN SA

Romania

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Leasing Solutions Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Leasing Solutions NV

Netherlands

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Leasing Solutions Suisse SA

Switzerland

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

BNPP Rental Solutions Ltd

UK

BNPP Rental Solutions SPA

Italy

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

V3

4

E2

V3

S3

Claas Financial Services

France

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%

Claas Financial Services (Germany branch)

Germany

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%

Claas Financial Services (Italy branch)

Italy

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%

Claas Financial Services (Poland branch)

Poland

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%
42.3%

Claas Financial Services (Spain branch)

Spain

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%

Full (1)

51.0%

Claas Financial Services Ltd

UK

Full

51.0%

42.3%

Full

51.0%

42.3%

CNH Industrial Capital Europe

France

Full (1)

50.1%

41.6%

Full (1)

50.1%

41.6%

CNH Industrial Capital Europe (Belgium
branch)

Belgium

Full (1)

50.1%

41.6%

Full (1)

50.1%

41.6%

CNH Industrial Capital Europe (Germany
branch)

Germany

Full (1)

50.1%

41.6%

Full (1)

50.1%

41.6%

CNH Industrial Capital Europe (Italy branch) Italy

Full (1)

50.1%

41.6%

Full (1)

50.1%

41.6%

CNH Industrial Capital Europe (Poland
branch)

Poland

Full (1)

50.1%

41.6%

Full (1)

50.1%

41.6%

CNH Industrial Capital Europe
(Spain branch)

Spain

Full (1)

50.1%

41.6%

Full (1)

50.1%

41.6%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

311

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Business Name

Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Ref.

31 December 2023
Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Ref.

CNH Industrial Capital Europe BV

Netherlands

Full

100.0%

41.6%

Full

100.0%

41.6%

CNH Industrial Capital Europe GmbH

Austria

Full

100.0%

41.6%

Full

100.0%

41.6%

CNH Industrial Capital Europe Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

41.6%

Full

100.0%

41.6%

ES Finance

Belgium

Full

100.0%

99.9%

Full

100.0%

99.9%

FL Zeebrugge (s)

Belgium

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Fortis Lease

France

Full (1)

100.0%

83.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

83.0%

Fortis Lease Belgium

Belgium

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Full

100.0%

83.0%

Fortis Lease Deutschland GmbH

Germany

S3

Fortis Lease Iberia SA

Spain

S1

Fortis Lease Portugal

Portugal

Fortis Lease UK Ltd

UK

S1
Full

100.0%

83.0%
S3

Full

100.0%

83.0%
83.0%

Fortis Vastgoedlease BV

Netherlands

Full

100.0%

Heffiq Heftruck Verhuur BV

Netherlands

Full

50.1%

41.5%

Full

50.1%

41.5%

JCB Finance

France

Full (1)

100.0%

41.6%

Full (1)

100.0%

41.6%

JCB Finance (Germany branch)

Germany

Full (1)

100.0%

41.6%

Full (1)

100.0%

41.6%

JCB Finance (Italy branch)

Italy

Full (1)

100.0%

41.6%

Full (1)

100.0%

41.6%

JCB Finance Holdings Ltd

50.1%

41.6%

Full

50.1%

41.6%

UK

Full

JFL BNPP Agriculture And Technology
Financial Leasing Co Ltd

Chine

Equity

45.0%

37.3%

Manitou Finance Ltd

UK

Full

51.0%

42.3%

Full

51.0%

42.3%

MGF

France

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%

E2

MGF (Germany branch)

Germany

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%

MGF (Italy branch)

Italy

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%

Full (1)

51.0%

42.3%

Natio Energie 2

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Natiocredibail

France

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Pixel 2021 (t)

France

Full

-

-

-

-

Same Deutz Fahr Finance

France

Full (1)

100.0%

83.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

83.0%

SNC Natiocredimurs

France

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Financière des Paiements Electroniques

France

Full

95.0%

95.0%

Full

95.0%

95.0%

Financière des Paiements Electroniques
(Belgium branch)

Belgium

Full

95.0%

95.0%

Full

95.0%

95.0%

Financière des Paiements Electroniques
(Germany branch)

Germany

Full

95.0%

95.0%

Full

95.0%

95.0%

Financière des Paiements Electroniques
(Portugal branch)

Portugal

Full

95.0%

95.0%

Full

95.0%

95.0%

Financière des Paiements Electroniques
(Spain branch)

Spain

Full

95.0%

95.0%

Full

95.0%

95.0%

Floa

France

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full

New Digital Businesses

Lyf SA

France

Equity (3)

44.8%

44.8%

V1 Equity (3)

43.8%

43.8%

Lyf SAS

France

Equity (3)

50.0%

50.0%

Equity (3)

50.0%

50.0%
100.0%

Equity

35.0%

35.0%

V4

Personal Investors
Espresso Financial Services Private Ltd

India

Geojit Technologies Private Ltd

India

Human Value Developers Private Ltd

India

S2
S2

Full

100.0%

Equity

35.0%

35.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Sharekhan BNPP Financial Services Ltd

India

S2

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Sharekhan Ltd

India

S2

Full

100.0%

100.0%

INVESTMENT & PROTECTION SERVICES
Insurance

312

AEW Immocommercial (s)

France

FV

-

-

FV

-

-

AG Insurance

Belgium

Equity

25.0%

25.0%

Equity

25.0%

25.0%

Agathe Retail France

France

FV

33.3%

33.3%

FV

33.3%

33.3%

AM Select (s)

Luxembourg

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

Astridplaza

Belgium

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

FV

29.7%

29.7%

Batipart Participations SAS

Luxembourg

FV

29.7%

29.7%

BCC Vita SPA

Italy

Full (2)

70.0%

70.0%

Becquerel (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Actions Croissance ISR (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Actions Euro ISR (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Actions Monde ISR (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

E3

E1

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Business Name
BNPP Actions Patrimoine ISR (s)

Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Ref.

France

Full (4)

-

-

E1
S3

31 December 2023
Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

BNPP Actions PME ETI (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Aqua (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Best Selection Actions Euro ISR (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Cardif

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Cardif BV

Netherlands

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Cardif Compania de Seguros y
Reaseguros SA

Peru

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Cardif Emeklilik AS

Türkiye

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Cardif Hayat Sigorta AS

Türkiye

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Cardif Livforsakring AB

Sweden

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Cardif Livforsakring AB (Denmark
branch)

Denmark

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Equity*

D1 Equity*
Full (2)
Equity*

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Cardif Livforsakring AB (Norway
branch)

Norway

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Cardif Pojistovna AS

Czech Rep.

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Cardif Seguros de Vida SA

Chile

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Cardif Seguros Generales SA

Chile

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Cardif Services SRO

Czech Rep.

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

D1 Equity*

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Cardif Servicios y Asistencia Ltda

Chile

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

D1 Equity*

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Cardif Sigorta AS

Türkiye

Equity*

100.0%

100.0%

Equity*

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Cardif TCB Life Insurance Co Ltd

Taiwan

Equity

49.0%

49.0%

Equity

49.0%

49.0%
100.0%

BNPP Cardif Vita Compagnia di Assicurazione
E Riassicurazione SPA
Italy

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

BNPP Convictions (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP CP Cardif Private Debt (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

Full (2)

-

-

BNPP Deep Value (s)

France

BNPP Développement Humain (s)

France

S3

Ref.

4

S3
Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Diversiflex (s)

France

BNPP Diversipierre (s)

France

Full (2)

-

-

BNPP Euro Climate Aligned (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP France Crédit (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Global Senior Corporate Loans (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Indice Amerique du Nord (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Indice France ESG (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Infrastructure Investments Fund (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Moderate Focus Italia (s)

France

S3

BNPP Monétaire Assurance (s)

France

S1

BNPP Multistratégies Protection 80 (s)

France

BNPP Next Tech (s)

France

BNPP Obliselect Euro Dec 2028 (s)

France

4

S1
E1

E1

S3

Full (4)

-

S3

Full (4)

-

-

E1
E1

BNPP Protection Monde (s)

France

BNPP Select (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

S3

BNPP Sélection Dynamique Monde (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Selection Patrimoine Responsable (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Smallcap Euroland ISR (s)

France

Full (4)

-

BNPP Social Business France (s)

France

Full (4)

-

BOB Cardif Life Insurance Co Ltd

China

50.0%

50.0%

C Santé (s)

France

Full (2)

-

-

Camgestion Obliflexible (s)

France

Capital France Hotel

France

Full (2)

98.5%

98.5%

Cardif Alternatives Part I (s)

France

Full (2)

-

-

Full (2)

-

-

Cardif Assurance Vie

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Equity

Full (4)

-

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

Equity

50.0%

50.0%

FV

-

-

98.5%

98.5%

E1

D1

S1
Full (2)

Cardif Assurance Vie (Austria branch)

Austria

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurance Vie (Belgium branch)

Belgium

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurance Vie (Bulgaria branch)

Bulgaria

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

313

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Business Name
Cardif Assurance Vie (Germany branch)

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Germany

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Ref.

31 December 2023
Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurance Vie (Italy branch)

Italy

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurance Vie (Netherlands branch)

Netherlands

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurance Vie (Portugal branch)

Portugal

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurance Vie (Romania branch)

Romania

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurance Vie (Spain branch)

Spain

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurance Vie (Switzerland branch)

Switzerland

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurance Vie (Taiwan branch)

Taiwan

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Austria
branch)

Austria

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Belgium
branch)

Belgium

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Bulgaria
branch)

Bulgaria

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Germany
branch)

Germany

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Italy
branch)

Italy

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers
(Netherlands branch)

Netherlands

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Poland
branch)

Poland

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Portugal
branch)

Portugal

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Romania
branch)

Romania

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Spain
branch)

Spain

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers
(Switzerland branch)

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Full (4)

-

-

FV

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

FV

-

-

Switzerland

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Taiwan
branch)

Taiwan

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Biztosito Magyarorszag ZRT

Hungary

Cardif BNPP AM Emerging Bond (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Cardif BNPP AM Euro Paris Climate Aligned
(s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Cardif BNPP AM Global Environmental Equity
(s)
France

Full (4)

-

-

Cardif BNPP AM Sustainable Euro Equity (s) France

Full (4)

-

-

D1

Cardif BNPP AM Sustainable Europe Equity
(s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

D1

Cardif BNPP IP Signatures (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Cardif BNPP IP Smid Cap Euro (s)

France

Cardif BNPP AM Global Senior Corporate
Loans (s)

314

Country

S3 Equity*

D1

France

Ref.

S3

S3

FV

-

Full (4)

-

-

Full (2)

-

100.0%

Cardif Colombia Seguros Generales SA

Colombia

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

Cardif CPR Global Return (s)

France

Full (2)

-

-

Full (2)

-

-

Cardif do Brasil Seguros e Garantias SA

Brazil

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%
100.0%

Cardif do Brasil Vida e Previdencia SA

Brazil

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

Cardif Edrim Signatures (s)

France

Full (2)

-

-

Full (2)

-

-

Cardif El Djazair

Algeria

85.0%

85.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Equity*

V2 Equity*

Cardif Forsakring AB

Sweden

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Forsakring AB (Denmark branch)

Denmark

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Forsakring AB (Norway branch)

Norway

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif IARD

France

Full (2)

66.0%

66.0%

Full (2)

66.0%

66.0%

Cardif Insurance Co LLC

Russia

Cardif Insurance Holdings PLC

UK

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

S2

Cardif Life Insurance Co Ltd

Rep. of Korea

Full (2)

85.0%

85.0%

Full (2)

85.0%

85.0%

Cardif Life Insurance Japan

Japan

Full (2)

75.0%

75.0%

Full (2)

75.0%

75.0%

Cardif Ltda

Brazil

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Lux Vie

Luxembourg

Full (2)

100.0%

88.6%

Cardif Mexico Seguros de Vida SA de CV

Mexico

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

D1 Equity*
Full (2)
D1 Equity*

100.0%

88.6%

100.0%

100.0%

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Business Name
Cardif Mexico Seguros Generales SA de CV

Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Mexico

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Ref.

31 December 2023
Method

D1 Equity*

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Non Life Insurance Japan

Japan

Full (2)

100.0%

75.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

75.0%

Cardif Nordic AB

Sweden

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Polska Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Na
Zycie SA

Poland

Cardif Retraite

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cardif Seguros SA

Argentina

Cardif Services AEIE

Portugal

Cardif Servicios de Colombia SAS

Colombia

Cardif Servicios SAC

Peru

Cardif Support Unipessoal Lda

Portugal

Cardif Vita Convex Fund Eur (s)

France

4

S3 Equity*

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Ref.

S2
S1
Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

E1
S3 Equity*
Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

100.0%

E1
S1

Cardimmo

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Carma Grand Horizon SARL

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cedrus Carbon Initiative Trends (s)

France

Full (2)

-

-

Full (2)

-

-

Centre Commercial Francilia

France

FV

21.7%

21.7%

FV

21.7%

21.7%

CFH Alexanderplatz Hotel SARL

Luxembourg

Full (2)

100.0%

93.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

93.5%

CFH Algonquin Management Partners France
Italia
Italy

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

CFH Bercy

France

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

CFH Bercy Hotel

France

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

CFH Bercy Intermédiaire

France

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

CFH Berlin GP GmbH

Germany

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

CFH Berlin Holdco SARL

Luxembourg

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

CFH Boulogne

France

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

CFH Cap d’Ail

France

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

E2

4
E2

CFH Hostel Berlin SARL

Luxembourg

Full (2)

100.0%

93.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

93.5%

E2

CFH Hotel Project SARL

Luxembourg

Full (2)

100.0%

93.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

93.5%

E2

CFH Milan Holdco SRL

Italy

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

CFH Montmartre

France

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

CFH Montparnasse

France

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Corosa

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%
100.0%

Darnell DAC

Ireland

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

Défense CB3 SAS

France

FV

25.0%

25.0%

FV

25.0%

25.0%

Diversipierre DVP 1

France

Full (2)

100.0%

94.6%

Full (2)

100.0%

93.4%

V4

Diversipierre Germany GmbH

Germany

Full (2)

100.0%

94.6% D1/V4 Equity*

100.0%

93.4%

V4

V4

DVP European Channel

France

Full (2)

100.0%

94.6% D1/V4 Equity*

100.0%

93.4%

V4

DVP Green Clover

France

Full (2)

100.0%

94.6% D1/V4 Equity*

100.0%

93.4%

V4

DVP Haussmann

France

Full (2)

100.0%

94.6% D1/V4 Equity*

100.0%

93.4%

V4

DVP Heron

France

Full (2)

100.0%

94.6% D1/V4 Equity*

100.0%

93.4%

V4

-

-

Eclair (s)

France

EP L (s)

France

Full (2)

-

-

S3

EP1 Grands Moulins (s)

France

Full (2)

-

-

Fleur SAS

France

Foncière Partenaires (s)

France

FV

-

-

Fondev (Ex- FDI Poncelet)

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Fondo BNPP Aqua Protetto (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (2)
D1 Equity*
S1

FV
FV

-

-

33.3%

33.3%

-

-

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

FV

E1

Fonds d’Investissements Immobiliers pour le
Commerce et la Distribution
France

FV

25.0%

25.0%

25.0%

25.0%

FP Cardif Convex Fund USD (s)

France

Full (2)

-

-

Full (2)

-

-

Fundamenta (s)

Italy

Full (2)

-

-

Full (2)

-

-

G C Thematic Opportunities II (s)

Ireland

GIE BNPP Cardif

France

Full (2)

99.7%

99.7%

Full (2)

99.7%

99.7%

GPinvest 10

France

FV

50.0%

50.0%

FV

50.0%

50.0%

Harewood Helena 2 Ltd

UK

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Harmony Prime (s)

France

Hemisphere Holding

France

S1

Full (4)
Equity

-

-

20.0%

20.0%

Full (4)
Equity

-

-

20.0%

20.0%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

V2

315

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024

316

Ref.

31 December 2023

Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Hibernia France

France

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Horizon Development GmbH

Germany

FV

66.7%

64.9%

FV

66.7%

62.9%

Icare

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Business Name

V4

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

Ref.

Icare Assurance

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

ID Cologne A1 GmbH

Germany

Full (2)

89.2%

86.8% D1/V4 Equity*

89.2%

86.2%

V1

ID Cologne A2 GmbH

Germany

Full (2)

89.2%

86.8% D1/V4 Equity*

89.2%

86.2%

V1

Karapass Courtage

France

S3 Equity*

100.0%

100.0%

Korian et Partenaires Immobilier 1

France

FV

24.5%

24.5%

FV

24.5%

24.5%

Korian et Partenaires Immobilier 2

France

FV

24.5%

24.5%

FV

24.5%

24.5%

Luizaseg Seguros SA

Brazil

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0% V1/D4
100.0%

Natio Assurance

France

Full (2)

100.0%

Natio Fonds Ampère 1 (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

S4

Full (4)

-

-

NCVP Participacoes Societarias SA

Brazil

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Neuflize Vie

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

New Alpha Cardif Incubator Fund (s)

France

Full (2)

-

-

E3

OC Health Real Estate GmbH

Germany

FV

35.0%

31.0%

Opéra Rendement (s)

France

Full (2)

-

-

Paris Management Consultant Co Ltd

Taiwan

Permal Cardif Co Investment Fund (s)

France

Pinnacle Pet Holdings Ltd

UK

Poistovna Cardif Slovakia AS

Slovakia

Preim Healthcare SAS (s)

France

FV

-

-

FV

-

-

PWH

France

FV

47.5%

47.5%

FV

47.5%

47.5%
100.0%

Full (2)
FV
Full (2)
S3 Equity*

Full (2)
Equity

-

-

24.7%

24.7%

Full (2)

-

-

35.0%

31.0%

-

-

100.0%

100.0%

-

-

Equity

24.7%

24.7%

S3 Equity*

100.0%

100.0%

Reumal Investissements

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

Rubin SARL

Luxembourg

FV

50.0%

50.0%

FV

50.0%

50.0%

Rueil Ariane

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SAS HVP

France

Full (2)

100.0%

98.5%

S4

Schroder European Operating Hotels Fund 1
(s)
Luxembourg

FV

-

-

SCI 68/70 rue de Lagny Montreuil

Full (2)

99.9%

99.9%

FV

20.0%

20.0%

France

FV
Full (2)
S2

-

-

99.9%

99.9%

SCI Alpha Park

France

SCI Batipart Chadesrent

France

SCI Biv Malakoff

France

FV

23.3%

23.3%

FV

23.3%

23.3%

SCI BNPP Pierre I

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SCI BNPP Pierre II

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SCI Bobigny Jean Rostand

France

SCI Bouleragny

France

FV

50.0%

50.0%

FV

50.0%

50.0%

SCI Cardif Logement

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%
100.0%

S4

FV

50.0%

50.0%

FV

20.0%

20.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SCI Citylight Boulogne

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

SCI Clichy Nuovo

France

FV

50.0%

50.0%

FV

50.0%

50.0%

SCI Défense Etoile

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SCI Défense Vendôme

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SCI Etoile du Nord

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%
100.0%

SCI Fontenay Plaisance

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

SCI Imefa Velizy

France

FV

21.8%

21.8%

FV

21.8%

21.8%

SCI Le Mans Gare

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SCI Nanterre Guilleraies

France

SCI Nantes Carnot

France

S4
S4
Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SCI Odyssée

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SCI Pantin Les Moulins

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SCI Paris Batignolles

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SCI Paris Cours de Vincennes

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SCI Paris Grande Armée

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SCI Paris Turenne

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SCI Portes de Claye

France

SCI Rue Moussorgski

France

Equity
Full (2)

45.0%

45.0%

100.0%

100.0%

Equity
Full (2)

45.0%

45.0%

100.0%

100.0%

SCI Rueil Caudron

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

SCI Saint Denis Landy

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

V3

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Business Name
SCI Saint Denis Mitterrand

Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Ref.

31 December 2023
Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%
100.0%

SCI Saint‑Denis Jade

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

SCI SCOO

France

FV

46.4%

46.4%

FV

46.4%

46.4%

SCI Vendôme Athènes

France

FV

50.0%

50.0%

FV

50.0%

50.0%
100.0%

S4

SCI Villeurbanne Stalingrad

France

Full (2)

100.0%

Secar

France

FV

55.1%

55.1%

FV

55.1%

55.1%

Seniorenzentren Deutschland Holding SARL

Luxembourg

FV

20.0%

17.7%

FV

20.0%

17.7%

Seniorenzentren Reinbeck Oberursel
München Objekt GmbH

Germany

FV

35.0%

31.0%

FV

35.0%

31.0%

Seniorenzentrum Butzbach Objekt GmbH

Germany

FV

35.0%

31.0%

FV

35.0%

31.0%

Seniorenzentrum Heilbronn Objekt GmbH

Germany

FV

35.0%

31.0%

FV

35.0%

31.0%

Seniorenzentrum Kassel Objekt GmbH

Germany

FV

35.0%

31.0%

FV

35.0%

31.0%

Seniorenzentrum Wolfratshausen
Objekt GmbH

Germany

Services Epargne Entreprise

France

FV

35.0%

31.0%

FV

35.0%

31.0%

Equity

36.8%

36.8%

V1 Equity

35.6%

35.6%

SNC Batipart Mermoz

France

FV

25.0%

25.0%

FV

25.0%

25.0%

SNC Batipart Poncelet

France

FV

25.0%

25.0%

FV

25.0%

25.0%

Société Francaise d’Assurances sur la Vie

France

Equity

50.0%

50.0%

Equity

Société Immobilière du Royal Building SA

Luxembourg

100.0%

88.6%

Full (2)

Theam Quant Europe Climate Carbon Offset
Plan (s)
France

S3

50.0%

50.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

88.6%

Full (4)

-

-

Tikehau Cardif Loan Europe (s)

France

Full (2)

-

-

Full (2)

-

-

Valeur Pierre Epargne

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Valtitres FCP (s)

France

Full (4)

Velizy Holding

France

FV

-

-

33.3%

33.3%

D1

4

FV (4)

-

-

FV

33.3%

33.3%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Ref.

4

Wealth Management
BNPP Wealth Management Monaco

Monaco

S4

Asset Management
Alfred Berg Kapitalforvaltning AS

Norway

Full

100.0%

73.7%

Full

100.0%

73.7%

V2

Alfred Berg Kapitalforvaltning AS (Sweden
branch)

Sweden

Full

100.0%

73.7%

Full

100.0%

73.7%

V3

Bancoestado Administradora General de
Fondos SA

Chile

Equity

50.0%

49.1%

Equity

50.0%

49.1%

Baroda BNPP AMC Private Ltd

India

Equity (3)

49.9%

49.1%

V4 Equity (3)

49.9%

49.0%

Equity (3)

51.0%

50.1%

Equity (3)

51.0%

50.1%

BNPP ABC Wealth Management Co Ltd

China

BNPP Agility Capital

France

BNPP Agility Fund Equity SLP (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Agility Fund Private Debt SLP (s)

France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP AM International Hedged Strategies (s) France

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Asset Management Asia Ltd

Hong Kong

Full

100.0%

98.3%

V4

Full

100.0%

98.2%

BNPP Asset Management Be Holding

Belgium

Full

100.0%

98.3%

V4

Full

100.0%

98.2%

BNPP Asset Management Brasil Ltda

Brazil

Full

100.0%

99.6%

V4

Full

100.0%

99.5%

BNPP Asset Management Europe (Austria
branch) (Ex- BNPP Asset Management
France (Austria branch))

Austria

Full

100.0%

98.3%

V4

Full

100.0%

98.2%

BNPP Asset Management Europe (Belgium
branch) (Ex- BNPP Asset Management
France (Belgium branch))

Belgium

Full

100.0%

98.3%

V4

Full

100.0%

98.2%

BNPP Asset Management Europe (Ex‑BNPP
Asset Management France)

France

E2
S4

Full

100.0%

98.3%

V4

Full

100.0%

98.2%

BNPP Asset Management Europe (Germany
branch) (Ex‑BNPP Asset Management France
(Germany branch))
Germany

Full

100.0%

98.3%

V4

Full

100.0%

98.2%

BNPP Asset Management Europe (Italy
branch) (Ex‑BNPP Asset Management France
(Italy branch))
Italy

Full

100.0%

98.3%

V4

Full

100.0%

98.2%

BNPP Asset Management Europe
(Netherlands branch) (Ex‑BNPP Asset
Management France (Netherlands branch)) Netherlands

Full

100.0%

98.3%

V4

Full

100.0%

98.2%

BNPP Asset Management Europe (Poland
branch)

Poland

Full

100.0%

98.3%

E2

BNPP Asset Management Holding

France

Full

100.0%

98.3%

V1

Full

99.9%

98.2%

BNPP Asset Management Japan Ltd

Japan

Full

100.0%

98.3%

V4

Full

100.0%

98.2%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

317

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Business Name
BNPP Asset Management Luxembourg

Country
Luxembourg

BNPP Asset Management NL Holding NV

Netherlands

BNPP Asset Management PT

Indonesia

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Ref.

Full

99.7%

98.0%

V4

Full

100.0%

98.3%

31 December 2023
Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Full

99.7%

97.9%

V4

Full

100.0%

98.2%

98.3%

V4

Full

100.0%

98.2%

V4

Method

S1

BNPP Asset Management Services Grouping France

S1

BNPP Asset Management Taiwan Co Ltd

Taiwan

Full

100.0%

BNPP Asset Management UK Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

98.3%

Full

100.0%

98.2%

BNPP Asset Management USA Holdings Inc

USA

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Asset Management USA Inc

USA

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP B Institutional II (s)

Belgium

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Dealing Services

France

Full

100.0%

98.3%

BNPP Easy (s)

Luxembourg

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Flexi I (s)

Luxembourg

Full (4)

-

-

BNPP Funds (s)

Luxembourg

Full (4)

-

-

Drypnir AS

Norway

Full

100.0%

0.0%

Dynamic Credit Group BV

Netherlands

Full

75.0%

73.7%

V4

Gambit Financial Solutions

Belgium

Full

100.0%

98.3%

V4

Haitong Fortis Private Equity Fund
Management Co Ltd

China

Equity

33.0%

32.4%

Equity

33.0%

32.4%

Harewood Helena 1 Ltd

UK

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full (4)
V4

-

-

100.0%

98.2%

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

100.0%

0.0%

Full

75.0%

73.6%

Full

100.0%

98.2%

Full

Full

HFT Investment Management Co Ltd

China

Equity

49.0%

48.2%

V4 Equity

49.0%

48.1%

Impax Asset Management Group PLC

UK

Equity

13.8%

13.5%

Equity

13.8%

13.5%

SME Alternative Financing DAC (s)

Ireland

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Theam Quant (s)

Luxembourg

Full (4)

-

-

Full (4)

-

-

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Real Estate
Auguste Thouard Expertise

France

BNPP Immobilier Promotion

France

318

S4

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Immobilier Résidences Services

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate (United Arab Emirates
branch)

United Arab Emirates

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Advisory & Property
Management Luxembourg SA

Luxembourg

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Advisory & Property
Management UK Ltd

UK

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Advisory and Property
Management Ireland Ltd

Ireland

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Advisory Italy SPA

Italy

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Advisory Netherlands BV

Netherlands

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Belgium SA

Belgium

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Conseil Habitation &
Hospitality

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Consult France

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Consult GmbH

Germany

BNPP Real Estate Facilities Management Ltd UK

Ref.

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Financial Partner

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate GmbH

Germany

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Holding GmbH

Germany

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management
Belgium

Belgium

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management
France

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management
Germany GmbH

Germany

Full

94.9%

94.9%

Full

94.9%

94.9%

S4

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

E1

E3

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Business Name

Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Ref.

31 December 2023
Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management
Germany GmbH (Italy branch)

Italy

Full

94.9%

94.9%

Full

94.9%

94.9%

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management
Germany GmbH (Portugal branch)

Portugal

Full

94.9%

94.9%

Full

94.9%

94.9%

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management
Germany GmbH (Spain branch)

Spain

Full

94.9%

94.9%

Full

94.9%

94.9%

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management
Italy SPA

Italy

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Investment
Management Ltd

UK

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management
Luxembourg SA

Luxembourg

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management
Luxembourg SA (Italy branch)

Italy

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management
Spain SA

Spain

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management
UK Ltd

UK

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Poland SP ZOO

Poland

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Portugal Unipersonal LDA Portugal

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Property Development &
Services GmbH

Germany

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Property Development
UK Ltd

UK

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Property Management
France SAS

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Property
Management GmbH

Germany

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Property Management
Italy SRL

Italy

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Singapore Pte Ltd

Singapore

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%
100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Spain SA

Spain

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Real Estate Transaction France

France

Full (2)

97.4%

97.4%

BNPP Real Estate Valuation France

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Cariboo Development SL

Spain

Equity

65.0%

65.0%

Construction‑Sale Companies (c)

France

Full /
Equity (2)

Exeo Aura & Echo Offices Lda

Portugal

Equity

-

-

31.9%

31.9%

V1

Full (2)

100.0%

Full (2)

97.2%

97.2%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

65.0%

65.0%

Equity
Full /
Equity (2)
Equity

-

-

31.9%

31.9%

GIE BNPP Real Estate

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Horti Milano SRL

Italy

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Nanterre Arboretum

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Parker Tower Ltd

UK

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Partner’s & Services

France

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

S4

4

REPD Parker Ltd

UK

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Sviluppo Residenziale Italia SRL

Italy

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (2)

100.0%

100.0%

Wapiti Development SL

Spain

Equity

65.0%

65.0%

Equity

65.0%

65.0%

Antin Participation 5

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Home Loan SFH

France

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

Full (1)

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Partners for Innovation

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Partners for Innovation Belgium

Belgium

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Partners For Innovation Global
Connect

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Partners for Innovation Italia SRL

Italy

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Procurement Tech

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

BNPP Public Sector SA

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

FCT Lafayette 2021 (t)

France

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

FCT Laffitte 2021 (t)

France

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

Ref.

E2

4

V1

OTHER BUSINESS UNITS
Property Companies (Property Used In Operations)
and Others

E1
S3

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

319

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024
Business Name

Country

Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

Ref.

31 December 2023
Method

Voting (%)

Interest (%)

FCT Opéra 2014 (t)

France

FCT Opera 2023 (t)

France

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

FCT Pyramides 2022 (t)

France

Full

-

-

Full

-

-

GIE Groupement Auxiliaire de Moyens

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

GIE Groupement d’Etudes et de Prestations

France

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Full

100.0%

100.0%

Transvalor

France

Ref.
S1
E2

S2

(a) At 31 December 2024, 13 Private Equity investment entities versus 14 Private Equity investment entities at 31 December 2023.
(b) At 31 December 2024, the securitisation funds UCI and RMBS Prado included 13 funds (FCC UCI 11, 12, 14 to 17, RMBS Prado VII to XI, Green Belem I et RMBS Belem
No 2) unchanged from 31 December 2023.
(c) At 31 December 2024, 102 Construction‑sale companies (71 Full and 31 Equity) versus 117 Construction‑sale companies (82 Full and 35 Equity) at 31 December 2023.
(d) At 31 December 2024, the securitisation funds Genius include 8 funds (Generation 2024‑1‑4 Retail Auto Mortgage Loan Securitisation, Generation 2023‑2 to 5 Retail
Auto Mortgage Loan Securitisation) versus 11 funds (Generation 2021‑4 Retail Auto Mortgage Loan Securitisation, Generation 2022‑1 to 5 Retail Auto Mortgage Loan
Securitisation, Generation 2023‑1 to 5 Retail Auto Mortgage Loan Securitisation) at 31 December 2023.
(e) At 31 december 2024, 10 funds (Wisdom Puhua Leasing 2022‑2 to 3 Asset‑Backed Securities, Wisdom Puhua Leasing 2023‑2 Asset‑Backed Notes, Wisdom Puhua
Leasing 2023‑1 & 2 Asset‑Backed Securities, Wisdom Puhua Leasing Xinghe 2023‑1 Asset‑Backed Securities, Wisdom Puhua Leasing Xinghe 2024‑1 to 4 Asset‑Backed
Securities) versus 13 funds (Wisdom Puhua Leasing 2021‑2 & 3 Asset‑Backed Securities, Wisdom Puhua Leasing 2022‑1 Asset‑Backed Notes, Wisdom Puhua Leasing
2022‑1 to 3 Asset‑Backed Securities, Wisdom Puhua Leasing 2023‑1 & 2 Asset‑Backed Notes, Wisdom Puhua Leasing 2023‑1 & 2 Asset‑Backed securities, Wisdom Puhua
Leasing Zhixing 2023‑1 & 2 Asset‑Backed Notes, Wisdom Puhua Leasing Xinghe 2023‑1 Asset‑Backed Securities) at 31 December 2023.

As requested by the ANC 2016 regulation, the list of entities that are controlled by the Group, jointly controlled or under significant influence,
but excluded from the scope of consolidation since their contribution to the consolidated financial statements would be immaterial to the Group,
and the list of equity investments, are available on the “Regulated Information” page of the https://invest.bnpparibas.com website.

Changes in the scope of consolidation

Equity* Controlled but non material entities consolidated under the equity method as associates

New entries (E) in the scope of consolidation

FV

Joint control or investment in associates measured at fair value through profit or loss

E1

Passing above consolidation thresholds

(s)

Structured entities

E2

Incorporation

(t)

Securitisation funds

E3

Purchase, gain of control or significant influence

Removals (S) from the scope of consolidation

Prudential scope of consolidation

S1

Cessation of activity (dissolution, liquidation, etc.)

(1)

S2

Disposal, loss of control or loss of significant influence

S3

Passing below consolidation thresholds

French subsidiaries for which supervision of prudential requirements is complied with
through the supervision on a consolidated basis of BNP Paribas SA, in accordance with
article 7.1 of Regulation n°575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council

S4

Merger, Universal transfer of assets and liabilities

(2)

Entities consolidated under the equity method in the prudential scope

(3)

Jointly controlled entities under proportional consolidation in the prudential scope

(4)

Collective investment undertaking excluded from the prudential scope

Variance (V) in voting or ownership interest
V1

Additional purchase

V2

Partial disposal

V3

Dilution

V4

Increase in %

Miscellaneous

320

D1

Consolidation method change not related to fluctuation in voting or ownership interest

D2

Following the additional purchase of interest by the Group, Arval Relsa and its subsidiaries
were fully consolidated since the fourth quarter 2023

D3

Following the additional purchase of interest by the Group, the whole entities Kantox and
its subsidiaries were fully consolidated since the fourth quarter 2023.

D4

Following the additional purchase of interest by the Group, Luizaseg Seguros SA was fully
consolidated since the fourth quarter 2023

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

8.l

4

FEES PAID TO THE STATUTORY AUDITORS
Deloitte

Year to 31 Dec. 2024

EY

TOTAL

Excluding tax, in thousands of euros

Total

%

Total

%

Total

%

Certification of statutory audit

34,381

82%

34,531

82%

68,912

82%

Issuer

10,771

20,927

31,698

Consolidated subsidiaries

23,610

13,604

37,214

Certification of sustainability reporting

547

1%

640

2%

1,187

Issuer

436

448

884

Consolidated subsidiaries

111

192

303

Services other than those required for the certification
of statutory audit and sustainability reporting

7,024

17%

6,599

16%

13,623

Issuer

2,970

4,362

7,332

Consolidated subsidiaries

4,054

2,237

6,291

100%

41,770

1%

TOTAL

41,952

100%

of which fees paid to External Auditors in France for the
certification of statutory audit

16,353

18,784

35,137

of which fees paid to Statutory Auditors in France for the
certification of sustainability reporting

436

576

1,012

1,802

2,123

3,925

17%

83,722

100%

4

of which fees paid to External Auditors and their
network in France for services other than those required
for the certification of statutory audit and sustainability
reporting
The amount of the External Auditors’ fees for services
other than those required for the certification of
statutory audit and sustainability reporting was, as of
31 December 2024, EUR 1,337 thousand for Deloitte &
Associés and EUR 92 thousand for Ernst & Young et
Autres

Year to 31 Dec. 2023

Deloitte

PricewaterhouseCoopers

Mazars

TOTAL

Excluding tax, in thousands of euros

Total

%

Total

%

Total

%

Total

%

Certification of statutory audit

20,696

75%

17,142

62%

10,994

87%

48,832

72%

Issuer

5,505

5,627

3,083

14,215

Consolidated subsidiaries

15,191

11,515

7,911

34,617

Services other than those required for the
certification of statutory audit

6,731

25%

10,703

38%

1,629

13%

19,063

Issuer

3,385

6,815

736

10,936

Consolidated subsidiaries

3,346

3,888

893

8,127

TOTAL

27,427

100%

27,845

100%

12,623

100%

67,895

of which fees paid to Statutory Auditors in
France for the statutory audit and contractual
audit

7,551

6,080

4,406

18,037

of which fees paid to External Auditors and
their network in France for services other than
those required for the certification of statutory
audit and sustainability reporting

2,014

4,179

1,130

7,323

28%

100%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

321

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the financial statements

Audit fees paid to external auditors who are not part of the network
of the external auditors certifying the individual and consolidated
financial statements of BNP Paribas SA, as mentioned in the above
table, amount to EUR 8,176 thousand for the year 2024 (EUR 3,990
thousand in 2023). Variation is mainly explained by the work
performed by the PWC and Mazars firms (EUR 4,511 thousand),
mostly on the review of the 2024 first quarter financial information
and on the audit of several entities.

322

This year, services other than the ones required for the statutory
audit mainly refer to issuance of attestation of accounting and
financial information, review of the quality of the internal control as
per the international standards (such as ISAE 3402) within the
framework of services provided to customers, especially in the
Securities and the Asset Management Business Lines, expertise on
the Bank’s transformation projects, technical consultations on
specific issues and assessment of the compliance of the entity’s
framework with Law/Regulation.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements

4

4.7 Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated
financial statements
Year ended December 31, 2024
This is a translation into English of the statutory auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements of the Company issued in French and
it is provided solely for the convenience of English‑speaking users.
This statutory auditors’ report includes information required by European regulations and French law, such as information about the
appointment of the statutory auditors or verification of the information concerning the Group presented in the management report and other
documents provided to shareholders.
This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and professional auditing standards applicable in
France.
To the Annual General Meeting of BNP Paribas,

4

Opinion
In compliance with the engagement entrusted to us by your Annual General Meeting, we have audited the accompanying consolidated financial
statements of BNP Paribas for the year ended December 31, 2024.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets and liabilities and of the financial position of the
Group at December 31, 2024 and of the results of its operations for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union.
The audit opinion expressed above is consistent with our report to the Financial Statements Committee.

Basis for opinion
Audit framework
We conducted our audit in accordance with professional standards applicable in France. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Statutory Auditors’ Responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report.

Independence
We conducted our audit engagement in compliance with the independence requirements of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)
and the French Code of Ethics for Statutory Auditors (Code de déontologie de la profession de commissaire aux comptes) for the period from
January 1, 2024 to the date of our report and specifically, we did not provide any prohibited non‑audit services referred to in Article 5(1) of
Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014

Justification of assessments – Key audit matters

In accordance with the requirements of Articles L. 821‑53 and R. 821‑180 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) relating to the
justification of our assessments, we inform you of the key audit matters relating to the risks of material misstatement that, in our professional
judgement, were of most significant in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period, as well as how we addressed
those risks.
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on specific items of the consolidated financial statements.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

323

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements

Assessment of credit risk and measurement of impairment losses (stages 1, 2 and 3) on customer loan portfolios
(See Notes 1.f.5, 1.f.6, 1.p, 2.g, 4.e, 4.f et 4.n to the consolidated financial statements)

Risk identified

Our response

BNP Paribas records impairments to cover credit risks inherent to its
activities.

We examined BNP Paribas’ internal control system, particularly its
adaptation to the environment of uncertainties, and tested manual
orautomated controls related to the credit risk assessment and the
measurement of expected losses.

As of December 31, 2024, customer loans exposed to credit risk
amount to 917.0 billion euros, and impairments amount to
16.9 billion euros.
In an environment of persistent uncertainties marked by geopolitical
and economic tensions, the assessment of expected credit losses on
customer loan portfolios requires increased judgment and the use of
assumptions from BNP Paribas management, particularly to:
■ Assess the significant increase in credit risk to classify exposures
into stage 1, stage 2, or stage 3, especially based on criteria
involving expert judgment such as the watch list process and the
identification of doubtful exposures;

Our work particularly focused on the following processes:
■ Classification of exposures by stage: we assessed how the changes
in risks were considered in estimating criteria applicable to various
business lines to measure significant increase in credit risk and
identify doubtful exposures.
■ Evaluation of expected losses (stages 1, 2, and 3):
■

■ Develop macroeconomic forecasts that are integrated into both

deterioration criteria and the measurement of expected losses;

■

■ Estimate expected losses for stages 1 and 2. In particular, these

expected losses include, as specified in note 2.g to the consolidated
financial statements, anticipation aspects not captured by models
in the generic approach;

■ For corporate exposures, estimate expected losses on stage 3

receivables, for which the recovery estimates may rely on the
weighting of different scenarios.

We consider that the assessment of credit risk and the measurement
of related impairment constitute a key audit matter, as these items
involve management’s judgment and estimates in an environment
marked by above‑mentioned uncertainties.

324

■

With the support of our credit risk specialists, we assessed the
methodologies and macroeconomic forecasts assumptions used
by BNP Paribas and their appropriate implementation in
information systems;
We assessed the key models and parameters used for
calculating expected losses on exposures classified as stages 1
and 2, the relevance of results obtained, and the existing control
system. We tested the effectiveness of data quality controls.
Additionally, we paid particular attention to additional provisions
booked to account for above‑mentioned uncertainties;
In addition, for impairment on corporate exposures classified as
stage 3, we examined the periodic review process of credit risk
for watch list counterparties and assessed, on a sample of
counterparties, the assumptions and data used by management
to estimate impairment.

We also reviewed credit risk disclosures in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements, espacially information required by
IFRS 9 and IFRS 7.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements

4

Valuation of financial instruments classified as levels 2 and 3 in the fair value hierarchy
(see Notes 1.f.7, 1.f.10, 1.p, 2.c, 4.a et 4.d to the consolidated financial statements)

Risk identified

Our response

As part of its market activities, BNP Paribas holds financial
instruments measured at market value in the balance sheet.

We examined BNP Paribas’ internal control system related to the
valuation of financial instruments and performed tests, on a sample
basis, on a selection of financial instruments classified as levels 2 and
3 in the fair value hierarchy.

Market value is determined through different approaches, depending
on the type of instrument and its complexity: (i) using directly
observable quoted prices (instruments classified as level 1 in the fair
value hierarchy), (ii) using valuation models whose main inputs are
observable (instruments classified as level 2), and (iii) using valuation
models whose main inputs are unobservable (instruments classified
as level 3).
These financial instruments amount to 566.1 billion euros (of which
275.7 billion euros as level 2 and 11.7 billion euros as level 3) on the
asset side and 489.7 billion euros (of which 371.7 billion euros as
level 2 and 40.1 billion euros as level 3) on the liability side of the
group’s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024.
Market values may include valuation adjustments to account for
specific market, liquidity, or counterparty risks.
For instruments classified as level 3, valuation techniques used by
management may involve significant judgment and estimation
regarding the choice of valuation models and the parameters used,
some of which are not observable in the market. This may lead to
deferred recognition of margins on related operations, as specified in
note 4.d to the consolidated financial statements.
Given the materiality of exposures, the complexity of modeling in
determining market value, the multiplicity of models used, and the
reliance on management’s judgment in determining market values,
we consider the valuation of financial instruments classified as
levels 2 and 3 in the fair value hierarchy to be a key audit matter.

With the support of our financial instrument valuation specialists, our
work particularly consisted in:
■ Studying the governance implemented by the group to oversee the
financial instrument valuation system, specifically the approval
process and regular review by risk department of valuation models
and the independent verification of valuation parameters;
■ Examining the system implemented by the group for determining

valuation adjustments and setting the parameter observability
rules.

On a sample basis, we also:
■ Analyzed the relevance of assumptions and parameters used for
valuation;
■ Reviewed the results and methodologies of the group’s market

4

parameters independent review;

■ Performed independent revaluations using our own models, where

necessary;

■ Assessed the appropriateness of deferred margin recognition.

We also analyzed, on a sample basis, any differences between
valuations and collateral calls with counterparties.
We reviewed the information related to the valuation of financial
instruments disclosed in the consolidated financial statements,
especially those required by IFRS 13.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

325

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements

IT General Controls
Risk identified

Our response

The various activities carried out by your group entail a high level of
complexity due to the volume of transactions and the use of
numerous interfaced information systems. The reliability of the
information system management processes and their security are key
elements for the financial information preparation process.
The risk of a material misstatement occurring on the accounts due to
an incident in the IT chains may result from:
■ Inappropriate changes to the configuration of IT applications or of
the underlying data;

We identified the key systems, processes, and controls underpinning
the preparation of financial information.
■ With the support of our IT specialized teams, e tested the design
and operating effectiveness of IT General ontrols for the
applications we considered key for the preparation of financial
information. For these key IT applications, our work particularly
focused on the following aspects:Understanding IT systems,
processes, and controls that underpin accounting and financial
information;

■ A processing failure within an IT application or within one of the

■ Reviewing the controls implemented by your group related to

interfaces;

■ A service interruption or an operational incident.

The existence of a set of controls for managing access rights to IT
systems involved in the financial information preparation process, as
well as an appropriate incident identification and treatment process
are key controls to mitigate this risk, the assessment of which is a key
audit matter.

access rights to IT applications and data, with special attention to
privileged access;

■ Analyzing of change management applied to these IT applications

during the year ended December 31, 2024;

■ Reviewing IT operations management;
■ Reviewing authorization controls for manual journal entries;
■ Performing, where applicable, additional audit procedures.

We also tested IT application controls related to automated interfaces
between key systems to assess the completeness and integrity of
information transfers, as well as certain sensitive or complex
automated application configurations.

326

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements

4

Valuation of insurance contract liabilities in the "Retirement savings" businesses
(See Notes 1.g, 1.p and 5 to the consolidated financial statements)

Risk identified

Our response

As of December 31, 2024, the group booked insurance liabilities
related to "savings and retirement" insurance contracts as disclosed
in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. Participating
contracts amount to 241.3 billion euros, as specified in Note 5.e.4 to
the consolidated financial statements. As described in note 5 to the
consolidated financial statements, the group has assessed the
eligibility of insurance contract groups for accounting valuation
models defined by IFRS 17. Therefore the group considered that
liabilities related to "savings and retirement" insurance contracts
correspond to direct participating insurance contracts and are
specifically evaluated according to the "variable fee" accounting
model.

With the support of our actuarial modeling specialists and our IT
specialized teams, we performed the following audit procedures:
■ Assessed the eligibility of "savings and retirement" insurance
contracts for the "variable fee" accounting valuation model and
evaluated the correct application by management of these
valuation methods to "savings and retirement" insurance contracts
in compliance with IFRS 17 provisions;

The valuation of insurance liabilities under this accounting model
involves determining the best estimate of the present value of cash
flows to be paid or received necessary to fulfill contractual
obligations to policyholders, a non‑financial risk adjustment based on
a confidence level chosen by the group, and a contractual service
margin representing the unearned profit to be recognized as services
are rendered.
The valuation of these insurance liabilities using the variable fee
methodology relies on complex actuarial models, drawing on data
and assumptions related to future periods, such as the determination
of the discount rate, policyholder behavior laws, future management
decisions, and the definition of real‑world assumptions for financial
asset returns, used for the release of the contractual service margin
into income. The evolution and updates of the selected parameters
are likely to significantly affect the amount of insurance liabilities in
the Life/Savings perimeter.
Given the long‑term horizon of commitments related to "savings and
retirement" insurance contracts, their significant sensitivity to the
economic and financial environment that can impact policyholder
behavior, and the significant judgment from management in selecting
data and assumptions, as well as the use of complex modeling
techniques to reflect the most probable estimated future situation, we
considered the valuation of insurance contracts liabilities in the
“savings and retirement” businesses to be a key audit matter.

■ Obtained an understanding of the processes and methodologies

defined by the group’s management for determining, according to
IFRS 17 principles, the best estimate of the present value of future
cash flows necessary to fulfill the contractual obligations to
policyholders of "savings and retirement" insurance contracts;

■ Performed audit procedures on the internal control environment of

information systems involved in data processing, in setting
estimates, and in actuarial calculations regarding the valuation of
commitments related to "savings and retirement" insurance
contracts;

■ Assessed and tested key controls implemented by management. In

4

this context, we particularly evaluated the control systems related
to methodologies, judgments, and key assumptions made by
management, as well as those related to governance and controls
over processes and validation of actuarial models for projecting
discounted future cash flows applied to "savings and retirement"
insurance contract commitments. We evaluated any changes in
assumptions, parameters, or modeling of actuarial processes
impacting the estimation of future cash flows and their correct
implementation into actuarial tools;

■ Sample tested the main methodologies, key assumptions, and

actuarial parameters used in determining the estimates of
discounted future cash flows, non‑financial risk adjustment, and
contractual service margin. We assessed the reasonableness of
these estimates on a sample basis;

■ Sample tested the reliability of underlying data used in projection

models and calculations of the best estimate of discounted future
cash flows;

■ Performed an independent calculation of the best estimate of cash

flows on a sample basis for savings and retirement insurance
liabilities;

■ Performed analytical procedures on changes to identify any

significant inconsistent or unexpected variations;

■ Evaluated the appropriateness of related disclosures in the notes

to the consolidated financial statements.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

327

4

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements

Specific verifications
We have also performed, in accordance with professional standards applicable in France, the specific verifications required by laws and
regulations of the information relating to the Group given in the Board of Directors’ management report.
We have no matters to report as to its fair presentation and its consistency with the consolidated financial statements.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
Format of preparation of the consolidated financial statements included in the annual financial report
We have also verified, n accordance with the professional standard applicable in France relating to the procedures performed by statutory
auditors regarding the annual and consolidated financial statements prepared in the European single electronic format, that the preparation of
the consolidated financial statements included in the annual financial report mentioned in Article L. 451‑1‑2, I of the French Monetary and
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), prepared under the Chief Executive Officer’s responsibility, complies with the single electronic
format defined in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/815 of 17 December 2018. Regarding consolidated financial statements, our
work includes verifying that the tagging thereof complies with the format defined in the above‑mentioned regulation.
On the basis of our work, we conclude that the preparation of the consolidated financial statements included in the annual financial report
complies, in all material respects, with the European single electronic format.

Appointment of the Statutory Auditors
We were appointed as statutory auditors of BNP Paribas by the annual general meeting held on May 23, 2006 for Deloitte & Associés and on
May 14, 2024 for ERNST & YOUNG et Autres.
As of December 31, 2024, Deloitte & Associés was in the nineteenth year of total uninterrupted engagement, and ERNST & YOUNG et Autres was
in the first year, respectively.

Responsibilities of Management and those charged with governance for the consolidated financial
statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and for such internal control as Management determines is necessary to
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.In preparing
the consolidated financial statements, Management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern, and using the going concern basis of accounting, unless it expects to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations.
The Financial Statements Committee is responsible for monitoring the financial reporting process and the effectiveness of internal control and
risk management systems and where applicable, its internal audit, regarding the accounting and financial reporting procedures.
The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors.

Statutory Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Objectives and audit approach
Our role is to issue a report on the consolidated financial statements. Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not
a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with professional standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected
to influence the economic decisions taken by users on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As specified in Article L. 821‑55 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), our statutory audit does not include assurance on the
viability of the Company or the quality of management of the affairs of the Company.
As part of an audit conducted in accordance with professional standards applicable in France, the statutory auditor exercises professional
judgement throughout the audit and furthermore:
■ identifies and assesses the risks of material misstatement in the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,

designs and performs audit procedures in response to those risks, and obtains audit evidence considered to be sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for his opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;
■ obtains an understanding of the internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the

circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the internal control;
■ evaluates the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made

by Management in the consolidated financial statements;

328

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements

4

■ assesses the appropriateness of Management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained,

whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to
continue as a going concern. This assessment is based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of the audit report. However, future
events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. If the Statutory Auditors conclude that a material
uncertainty exists, they are required to draw attention in the audit report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements or, if such disclosures are not provided or are inadequate, to modify the opinion expressed therein;
■ evaluates the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements and assesses whether these statements represent the

underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation;
■ obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to

express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. The Statutory Auditors are responsible for the management, supervision
and performance of the audit of the consolidated financial statements and for the opinion expressed on these consolidated financial
statements.

Report to the Financial Statements Committee
We submit to the Financial Statements Committee a report which includes, in particular a description of the scope of the audit and the audit
program implemented, as well as the results of our audit. We also report significant deficiencies, if any, in internal control regarding the
accounting and financial reporting procedures that we have identified.
Our report to the Financial Statements Committee includes the risks of material misstatement that, in our professional judgement, were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and which are therefore the key audit matters, that we
are required to describe in this report.

4

We also provide the Financial Statements Committee with the declaration provided for in Article 6 of Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014, confirming
our independence within the meaning of the rules applicable in France as set out in particular in Articles L. 821‑27 to L. 821‑34 of the French
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and in the French Code of Ethics for Statutory Auditors (Code de déontologie de la profession de
commissaire aux comptes). Where appropriate, we discuss with the Financial Statements Committee the risks that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and the related safeguards.
Paris‑La Défense, March 20, 2025
The Statutory Auditors
French original signed by
Deloitte & Associés
Damien Leurent Jean‑Vincent Coustel

ERNST & YOUNG et Autres
Olivier Drion

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

329

4

330

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3

5.1

5.2

5.3

5.4

5.5

Annual risk survey

335

Key figures
Risk factors
Top and emerging risks

335
340
354

Capital management and capital adequacy

360

Scope of application
Regulatory capital
Capital requirement and risk‑weighted assets
Capital adequacy and capital planning
Capital management [Audited]

360
371
378
383
394

Risk management [Audited]

396

Governance
Risk management organisation
Risk culture
Risk Appetite
Stress testing

396
398
399
400
402

Credit risk

405

Exposure to credit risk
Credit risk management policy
Credit risk diversification
Risk‑weighted assets
Credit risk: Internal Ratings‑Based Approach (IRBA)
Credit risk: standardised approach
Credit risk: equities under the simple weighting method
Exposures, provisions and cost of risk [Audited]
Restructured loans [Audited]
Credit risk mitigation techniques

405
409
412
418
420
453
457
459
476
478

Securitisation in the banking book

486

BNP Paribas securitisation activities
Accounting methods [Audited]
Securitisation risk management
Securitisation positions
Risk‑weighted assets

486
491
492
493
494

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

331

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3

5.6

5.7

5.8

5.9

5.10

5.11

332

Counterparty credit risk

500

Counterparty credit risk valuation
Exposure to counterparty credit risk
Bilateral counterparty credit risk
Counterparty credit risk for exposures to central counterparties associated with clearing activities
CVA risk
Counterparty credit risk management
Credit derivative exposures
Capital requirement and risk‑weighted assets

500
503
505
509
510
511
512
513

Market risk

514

Capital requirements and risk‑weighted assets
Market risk related to trading activities
Market risk related to banking activities

514
517
528

Liquidity risk

533

Liquidity risk management policy [Audited]
Liquidity risk management and supervision
Encumbrance of group assets and assets received by the Group

533
534
547

Operational risk

552

Regulatory framework
Organisation and oversight mechanism
Specific components linked to operational risk
Operational risk exposure
Capital requirement calculation

552
553
554
557
557

Insurance risks [Audited]

559

BNP Paribas Cardif Group Risk Management system
Market risk
LIquidity risk
CREDIT RISK
Insurance underwriting risk

559
560
560
561
562

Environmental, social and governance risk

563

Business strategy and processes
Governance
Environmental, social and governance risk management framework

563
564
565

Appendix 1: Sovereign exposures

606

Appendix 2: Regulatory capital – Detail

609

Appendix 3: Countercyclical capital buffer and G‑SIB buffer

614

Countercyclical capital buffer
G‑SIB buffer

614
616

Appendix 4: Capital requirements of significant subsidiaries

617

BNP Paribas Fortis Group
BNL Group
BNP Paribas Personal Finance Group
BGL BNP Paribas Group

617
618
619
620

Appendix 5: Environmental, social and governance risk

621

ESG Assessment (ESG‑A)
Risk Identification & assessment process (“Risk ID”)

621
623

Appendix 6: List of tables and figures

629

Appendix 7: Acronyms

632

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3

The purpose of Pillar 3 relative to market discipline is to
complement the minimum capital requirements (Pillar 1) and the
supervisory review process (Pillar 2) with a set of disclosures
completing the usual financial disclosures.
Chapter 5 presents the information relative to the BNP Paribas
Group’s risks and in this respect meets:
■ the requirements of the eighth part of Regulation (EU)

No. 2019/876 of 20 May 2019 on prudential requirements (1) for
credit institutions and investment firms. This regulation is set
out in the various technical standards published by the
European Commission and European Banking Authority aimed at
improving the comparability of information published by the
institutions. The format and references of the Pillar 3 tables are
in line with the entry into application on 28 June 2021 of
Implementing Regulation (EU) No. 2021/637;
■ the accounting standards requirements relating to the nature

and the extent of the risks. Some information required by
accounting standards IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IAS 1 is included in this
chapter and covered by the opinion of the Statutory Auditors on
the consolidated financial statements. This information is
identified by the mention “[Audited]” and should be read as
being part of the notes to the consolidated financial statements;
■ the transparency and disclosure requirements for prudential

information on the management of ESG risks and, in particular,
the physical and transition risks related to climate change, in
accordance with article 449a of Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876
(CRR 2) and in accordance with the content provided by the
European Banking Authority (EBA) in the technical
implementation standard (ITS) adopted on 28 November 2022.
The Basel current measures (known as Basel 3), approved in
November 2010, strengthen the ability of banks to withstand
economic and financial shocks of all kinds by introducing a series of
regulatory provisions. The content of this reform was transposed
into European law in Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD 4) and Regulation
(EU) No. 575/2013 of 26 June 2013 (CRR), supplemented in June 2019
by Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 (CRD 5) and Regulation (EU)
No. 2019/876 (CRR 2).
The regulatory framework of Basel 3 had the following main
impacts:
■ strengthened solvency:

The Basel 3 rules lead to harmonise the definition of capital and
strengthen the ability of financial institutions to absorb losses.
A detailed description of the composition of regulatory capital is
given under Regulatory capital in section 5.2 Capital
management and capital adequacy.
Rules on calculating risk‑weighted assets were also revised to
strengthen related capital requirements. These calculation
rules are detailed by risk type in the corresponding sections.
Strengthened solvency is implemented through the Single
Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) overseen by the ECB and the
application of the European Banking Authority (EBA) Supervisory
Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) guidelines.

5

The BNP Paribas Group, identified as a “financial
conglomerate”, is subject to additional supervision. As a
financial conglomerate, the Group’s own funds cover the capital
requirements for banking activities as well as insurance
activities (see Capital adequacy and capital planning in
section 5.2 Capital management and capital adequacy);
■ monitoring of a leverage ratio:

The main purpose of the leverage ratio is to act as a
supplementary measure to the risk‑based capital requirements
(backstop principle). The minimum requirement is applicable
since 1 January 2024 and was proceeded by intermediate
requirements applicable since 28 June 2021 and 1 January 2023.
The minimum requirement applicable and the Group’s leverage
ratio are presented under Capital management and capital
planning in section 5.2 Capital management and capital
adequacy;
■ liquidity management:

The implementation of liquidity requirements with the
introduction of a short‑term liquidity ratio (Liquidity Coverage
Ratio – LCR) and a long‑term liquidity ratio (Net Stable Funding
Ratio – NSFR) is presented in section 5.8 Liquidity risk.
The minimum liquidity coverage ratio has been set at 100% of
total net cash outflows during the 30‑day stress period;
■ monitoring of the bank resolution scheme:

The monitoring of bank resolution scheme introduced on
1 January 2016 has been accompanied, since 27 June 2019, by a
TLAC (Total Loss Absorbing Capacity) minimum ratio applicable
to global systemically important banks (G‑SIBs).

5

This requirement is supplemented in Europe by the introduction
of an MREL (Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible
Liabilities) ratio applicable since 1 January 2024, preceded an
intermediate requirement applicable since 1 January 2022 (see
Capital adequacy and capital planning in section 5.2 Capital
management and capital adequacy).
Furthermore, on 7 December 2017, the Group of Governors and
Heads of Supervision (GHOS) approved the reforms finalising the
Basel 3 regulatory framework. They consist of a revision of the
framework for credit risk, credit valuation adjustment (CVA – Credit
Value Adjustment) risk, and operational risk, as well as the
introduction of a floor for the calculation of risk‑weighted assets
when an internal method is used. These proposals were
supplemented by the fundamental review of the trading book (FRTB)
in January 2019 and the CVA risk in July 2020.
Transposition of Basel 3 finalisation into European law, Regulation
(EU) 2024/1623 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31
May 2024 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 was published in
the Official Journal of European Union on 19 June 2024. This
regulation entered into force on 9 July 2024 and is applicable from
1 January 2025. On 24 July 2024, the European Commission adopted
a delegated act (2024/2795) that postpones by one year
(i.e. until 1 January 2026) the date of application of the Basel 3
fundamental review of the trading book (FRTB) standards in the EU
for the banks’ calculation of their own funds requirements
for market risk.

(1) The disclosures required under article 450 concerning the Group’s compensation policy are available in the Compensation of regulated employees section of the Investor
Relations website: https://invest.bnpparibas.com/en/compensation‑regulated‑employees.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

333

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3

In chapter 5, the figures shown may not appear to add up in certain columns and rows due to rounding.

Certification and governance
I, the undersigned, Lars Machenil, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the BNP Paribas Group, hereby confirm that the information contained in
chapter 5 Risks and capital adequacy – Pillar 3 is, to the best of my knowledge, compliant with the requirements of the eighth part of
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (CRR 2).
Paris, 20 March 2025.
The BNP Paribas Group operates all of its activities within the framework of a robust internal control system.
Control plans and procedures are in place within the Group to ensure the proper compliance of the information contained in the management
report.
A committee, chaired by the Deputy Chief Financial Officer, has examined chapter 5 and verified that the controls have been carried out and that
the regulatory requirements in terms of publication have been complied with, including the provisions of article 432 of Regulation (EU)
No. 2019/876 (CRR 2) relating to non‑material, sensitive and confidential information.

334

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

5

Since 1 January 2023, the Group’s insurance entities have applied IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” and IFRS 9, deferred for these entities
until IFRS 17 comes into force.
In the first half of 2024, the Group carried out the 2024 share buyback programme in full for a total amount of EUR 1.055 billion.
Since 1 July 2024, the entities of the Arval business under exclusive control are fully consolidated within the prudential scope. As at 30
September 2024, this evolution had an impact of -30 basis points on the Group's Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio linked to the EUR
20.2 billion increase in these entities’ risk‑weighted assets, mainly on credit risk.

5.1 Annual risk survey
KEY FIGURES
Change in Group solvency

The leverage ratio stood at 4.6% at 31 December 2024, stable
compared 31 December 2023. It was well above the 3.85% leverage
requirement in force at 31 December 2024.

The Group has a solid financial structure. The CET1 ratio stands at
12,9% (1) as at 31 December 2024, increasing by 30 basis points
compared to 31 December 2023. This is explained by:

As at 31 December 2024, the Group TLAC ratio was above the
minimum level of requirement (see part TLAC of section 5.2 Capital
management and capital adequacy).

■ the impact of the full consolidation within the prudential scope

As at 31 December 2024, the Group MREL ratios is above the
minimum requirements (see part MREL of section 5.2 Capital
management and capital adequacy).

REGULATORY RATIOS

since 1 July 2024 of the entities of the Arval business under
exclusive control (-30 bps) linked to the EUR 20 billion increase
in these entities’ risk‑weighted assets, mainly on credit risk;
■ the 2024 results after taking a 60% payout ratio into account,

net of the risk‑weighted assets' intrinsic growth (+30 bps);
■ optimising risk‑weighted assets linked to the implementation of

securitisation and credit insurance programmes (+10 bps);
■ the impact of updating of models and regulations (-25 bps);
■ the redeployment of the proceeds from the sale of Bank of the

West capital (-15 bps).
The Group’s CET1 ratio was significantly higher than requirements at
31 December 2024 at 10.33%.

5

The evolution of these ratios illustrates the Group’s ability to
continuously adapt and the strength of its balance sheet.

Key regulatory ratios
The capital ratio data below take into account the transitional
provisions relating to the introduction of IFRS 9 (article 473a of
Regulation (EU) No. 2017/2395 and Regulation (EU) No. 2020/873).
The impact of these transitional measures on regulatory capital and
regulatory ratios is presented under Regulatory capital in section 5.2
Capital management and capital adequacy (see Table 16 IFRS 9‑FL).

The capital structure is solid in line with the CET1 ratio target of
12.3% at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2026 before the
fundamental review of the trading book (FRTB) standards.

(1) CRD 5; including IFRS 9 transitional provisions.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

335

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

➤ TABLE 1: KEY INDICATORS (EU KM1)
In millions of euros

a

b

c

31 December 2024

30 September 2024

d

30 June 2024

e

31 March 2024

31 December 2023

Available own funds
1

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital

98,128

96,255

95,506

94,383

92,857

2

Tier 1 capital

113,768

111,853

110,303

109,146

107,501

3

Total capital

130,581

126,867

124,075

123,246

121,744

762,247

759,445

732,758

722,349

703,694

Risk‑weighted assets
4

Total risk‑weighted assets

Capital ratios (as a percentage of risk‑weighted assets)
5

Common Equity Tier 1 ratio

12.87%

12.67%

13.03%

13.07%

13.20%

6

Tier 1 ratio

14.93%

14.73%

15.05%

15.11%

15.28%

7

Total capital ratio

17.13%

16.71%

16.93%

17.06%

17.30%

Additional own funds requirements in relation to on SREP (Pillar 2 requirement as a percentage of risk‑weighted assets)
EU 7a

Total Pillar 2 requirements

1.77%

1.77%

1.77%

1.77%

1.57%

EU 7b

Of which Additional CET1 SREP requirements

1.11%

1.11%

1.11%

1.11%

0.88%

EU 7c

Of which Additional AT1 SREP requirements

1.40%

1.40%

1.40%

1.40%

1.18%

EU 7d

Total SREP own funds requirements

9.77%

9.77%

9.77%

9.77%

9.57%

2.50%

2.50%

2.50%

2.50%

2.50%

0.40%

Combined buffer requirement (as a percentage of risk‑weighted assets)
8

Capital conservation buffer

EU 8a

Conservation buffer due to macro‑prudential or systemic risk identified at the
level of a Member State (%)

9

Countercyclical capital buffer

0.67%

0.65%

0.65%

0.59%

EU 9a

Systemic risk buffer(1)

0.04%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

10

Global Systemically Important Institution buffer (G‑SIB)

1.50%

1.50%

1.50%

1.50%

1.50%

EU 10a Other Systemically Important Institution buffer (D‑SIB)

1.50%

1.50%

1.50%

1.50%

1.50%

4.72%

4.65%

4.65%

4.59%

4.40%

EU 11a Total overall capital requirements(3)

14.49%

14.42%

14.42%

14.36%

13.97%

12

7.26%

6.94%

7.16%

7.29%

7.73%

2,464,334

2,532,529

2,478,954

2,471,247

2,346,500

4.62%

4.42%

4.45%

4.42%

4.58%

11

Combined buffer requirement(2)
CET1 available after meeting the total SREP own funds requirements

Leverage ratio
13

Leverage ratio total exposure measure

14

Leverage ratio

Additional own funds requirements to address risks of excessive leverage (as a percentage of leverage ratio total exposure measure)
EU 14a Additional requirements to address risk of excessive leverage

0.10%

0.10%

0.10%

0.10%

0.00%

EU 14b Of which Additional AT1 leverage ratio requirements (%)

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

EU 14c Total SREP leverage ratio requirements

3.10%

3.10%

3.10%

3.10%

3.00%

Buffer and total leverage ratio requirement (as a percentage of leverage ratio total exposure measure)
EU 14d Applicable leverage buffer

0.75%

0.75%

0.75%

0.75%

0.75%

EU 14e Overall leverage ratio requirements

3.85%

3.85%

3.85%

3.85%

3.75%

Liquidity Coverage Ratio
380,615

382,064

385,811

397,582

408,476

EU 16a Cash outflows – Total weighted value

15

Total high‑quality liquid assets (HQLA) (Weighted value – average)

544,168

528,616

520,995

516,104

519,311

EU 16b Cash inflows – Total weighted value

253,015

241,052

234,735

225,538

219,452

16

Total net cash outflows (adjusted value)

291,153

287,565

286,260

290,566

299,859

17

Liquidity coverage ratio

130.80%

132.96%

134.85%

136.92%

136.47%
984,120

Net Stable Funding Ratio
18

Total available stable funding

1,041,153

1,023,548

1,007,767

1,004,717

19

Total required stable funding

931,639

920,796

892,980

887,452

848,977

20

Net Stable Funding Ratio

111.75%

111.16%

112.85%

113.21%

115.92%

(1) Systemic risk buffer in Italy since 31 December 2024 equivalent to 0.5% of credit and counterparty RWA in Italy (reciprocity measure taken by HCSF on 17 October
2024).
(2) The buffer requirements take into account the highest buffer between G‑SIB and D‑SIB.
(3) Excluding non‑public Pillar 2 guidance (P2G).

The minimum requirement for LCR and NSFR ratios is 100%.

336

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

5

➤ TABLE 2: MREL & TLAC RATIOS (EU KM2)
a

b

c

31 December
2024

31 December
2024

MREL
In millions of euros

d

e

f

30 September
2024

30 June
2024

31 March
2024

31 December
2023

208,042

203,377

202,111

201,935

198,082

TLAC

Own funds and eligible liabilities, ratios and components
1

Total capital and other eligible liabilities

231,690

EU‑1a Of which own funds and subordinated liabilities

208,042

2

Risk‑weighted assets

762,247

762,247

759,445

732,758

722,349

703,694

3

OWN FUNDS AND ELIGIBLE LIABILITIES RATIO
(in percentage of risk‑weighted assets)

30.40%

27.29%

26.78%

27.58%

27.96%

28.15%

2,464,334

2,464,334

2,532,529

2,478,954

2,471,247

2,346,500

9.40%

8.44%

8.03%

8.15%

8.17%

8.44%

Not
applicable

Not
applicable

Not
applicable

Not
applicable

Not
applicable

EU‑3a Of which own funds and subordinated liabilities
4

Leverage ratio total exposure measure

5

OWN FUNDS AND ELIGIBLE LIABILITIES RATIO
(in percentage of leverage ratio total exposure measure)

27.29%

EU‑5a Of which own funds and subordinated liabilities

8.44%

6a

Application of the exemption provided by article 72b(4) of EU
Regulation 2019/876(1)

6b

In case of application of article 72b, paragraph 3 of Regulation (UE)
No. 2019/876: total amount of preferred senior debt eligible to
TLAC ratio(1)

Not
applied

Not
applied

Not
applied

Not
applied

Not
applied

6c

In case of application of article 72b, paragraph 3 of Regulation (UE)
No. 2019/876: proportion of preferred senior debt used in the
calculation of the TLAC ratio(1)

Not
applied

Not
applied

Not
applied

Not
applied

Not
applied

18.00%

18.00%

18.00%

18.00%

18.00%

22.72%

22.65%

22.65%

22.59%

22.40%

6.75%

6.75%

6.75%

6.75%

6.75%

5

Requirement of own funds and eligible liabilities
EU‑7

REQUIREMENT (in percentage of risk‑weighted assets)

22.64%

EU‑8

Of which to be met with own funds or subordinated liabilities

14.52%

REQUIREMENT, INCLUDING COMBINED BUFFER REQUIREMENT
(in percentage of risk‑weighted assets)

27.36%

Of which to be met with own funds or subordinated liabilities

19.24%

REQUIREMENT (in percentage of leverage ratio total exposure
measure)

5.91%

EU‑10 Of which to be met with own funds or subordinated liabilities

5.86%

EU‑9

(1) In accordance with article 72b paragraphs 3 and 4 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as amended by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876, some preferred senior
debt instruments (amounting to EUR 23,648 million as at 31 December 2024) were eligible within the limit of 3.5% of risk‑weighted assets. The Group did
not use this option at 31 December 2024.

Tables providing details of instruments recognised as capital (CET1, AT1 and Tier 2), as well as debt instruments eligible for TLAC ratio (senior
non‑preferred debt) are available in the BNP Paribas Debt section of the Investor Relations website: https://invest.bnpparibas/en/search/debt/
documents/documentation‑on‑programs‑and‑issuances.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

337

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS BY RISK TYPE AND BY BUSINESS LINE
➤ FIGURE 1: RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS BY RISK TYPE(1)
8% (2023: 8%)

4% (2023: 4%)

Operational risk

Market risk

3% (2023: 2%)

3% (2023: 3%)

Securitisation
in the banking book

Amounts below the
thresholds for deduction
(subject to 250% risk weight)

6% (2023: 6%)
Counterparty
credit risk

76% (2023: 77%)
Credit risk

(1) Breakdown at 31 December 2024.
Most of the Group’s exposures are subject to credit risk. Market risk is limited to 4% of the Group’s risk‑weighted assets as at 31 December 2024.

➤ FIGURE 2: RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS BY BUSINESS LINE(1)
13% (2023: 14%)

14% (2023: 14%)
Global Markets
and Securities Services

CPBF

6% (2023: 6%)
BNL bc

34%
CIB

7% (2023: 8%)
20% (2023: 20%)

CPBB

Global Banking

1% (2023: 1%)

35%
Commercial
& Personal
banking
54%
CPBS

CPBL

8% (2023: 7%)

Europe-Mediterranean

6% (2023: 6%)
Other Activities
6%
IPS

8% (2023: 5%)

6% (2023: 6%)

Arval & Leasing Solutions

Insurance & WAM

11% (2023: 12%)
Personal Finance

19%
CPBS Specialised
Businesses

0% (2023: 1%)
New Digital Business & Personal Investors

(1) Breakdown at 31 December 2024.
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s risks were well spread and no single business made up more than 20% of the Group’s risk‑weighted assets.
Commercial, Personal Banking & Services account for 54% of risk‑weighted assets.

338

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

5

OTHER KEY FIGURES
➤ FIGURE 3: CREDIT RISK EXPOSURE BREAKDOWN

➤ FIGURE 4: CREDIT RISK EXPOSURE BREAKDOWN

BY GEOGRAPHIC REGION(1)

BY ASSET CLASS(1)

10% (2023: 8%)

24% (2023: 28%)

20% (2023: 20%)

Rest of the world

Central governments
and central banks

Households

7% (2023: 7%)
Asia Pacific

26% (2023: 30%)
France

3% (2023: 2%)

13% (2023: 11%)

Institutions

North America

8% (2023: 9%)

22% (2023: 20%)
Other European countries

Italy

41% (2023: 40%)

12% (2023: 10%)

14% (2023: 15%)

Non Financial
corporations

Other financial
corporations

Belgium & Luxembourg

(1) Breakdown at 31 December 2024.
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s exposure was mainly
concentrated in Europe (74%). See the section Credit risk
diversification in section 5.4 Credit risk for more details about the
diversification of the Group’s exposures.

(1) Breakdown at 31 December 2024.
Exposure to central governments and central banks, credit
institutions, other financial corporations and non‑financial
corporations represented 80% of total exposure as at 31 December
2024, versus 80% as at 31 December 2023.

➤ TABLE 3: DOUBTFUL LOANS ON GROSS OUTSTANDINGS RATIO
DOUBTFUL LOANS(1)/LOANS(2)

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

1.6%

1.7%

5

(1) Impaired loans (stage 3) to customers and credit institutions, not netted of guarantees, on‑balance sheet and off‑balance sheet and including debt securities
measured at amortised cost or at fair value through shareholders’ equity (excluding insurance).
(2) Gross outstanding loans to customers and credit institutions, on‑balance sheet and off‑balance sheet and including debt securities measured at amortised cost or at
fair value through shareholders’ equity (excluding insurance).

➤ TABLE 4: STAGE 3 COVERAGE RATIO
In billions of euros

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Stage 3 provisions

13.9

13.8

Doubtful loans(1)

19.9

19.2

69.7%

71.7%

STAGE 3 COVERAGE RATIO

(1) Impaired loans (stage 3) to customers and credit institutions, on‑balance sheet and off‑balance sheet, netted of guarantees received, including debt securities
measured at amortised cost or at fair value through shareholders’ equity (excluding insurance).

➤ TABLE 5: COST OF RISK ON OUTSTANDINGS
In annualised basis points
COST OF RISK/CUSTOMER LOANS(1)

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

33

32

(1) Cost of risk divided by customer loans at the beginning of the period (see chapter 3 section 3.9 Alternative performance measures (APM) – article 223‑1 of the AMF’s
General Regulation).

➤ TABLE 6: IMMEDIATELY AVAILABLE LIQUIDITY RESERVE
In billions of euros
IMMEDIATELY AVAILABLE LIQUIDITY RESERVE(1)

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

480

474

(1) Liquid market assets or eligible to central banks (“counterbalancing capacity”) taking into account prudential standards, notably US standards, minus intra‑day
payment systems needs.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

339

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

RISK FACTORS
The main categories of risks inherent to the BNP Paribas Group’s
business are presented below and defined in the sections of
chapter 5. They can be measured through risk‑weighted assets or

other quantitative or qualitative indicators, to the extent
risk‑weighted assets are not relevant (for example, for liquidity and
funding risk).

RWAs
In billions of euros

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Credit risk

580

535

Counterparty credit risk

48

45

Securitisation risk in the banking book

21

17

Operational risk

65

59

Market risk

28

29

Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (subject to 250% risk weight)

21

19

TOTAL

762

704

More generally, the risks to which the BNP Paribas Group is exposed
may arise from a number of factors related, among others, to
changes in its macroeconomic or regulatory environment or factors
related to the implementation of its strategy and its business.
The material risks specific to the BNP Paribas Group’s business,
determined based on the circumstances known to the management
as of the date of this document, are thus presented below under
seven principal categories, in accordance with article 16 of
Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended from
time to time: credit risk, counterparty risk and securitisation risk in
the banking book; operational risk; market risk; liquidity and funding
risk; risks related to the macroeconomic and market environment;
regulatory risks; and risks related to the BNP Paribas Group’s growth
in its current environment.
The risk management policies have been taken into account in
assessing the materiality of these risks; in particular, risk‑weighted
assets factor in risk mitigation elements to the extent eligible in
accordance with applicable banking regulations.

1.

CREDIT RISK, COUNTERPARTY RISK AND
SECURITISATION RISK IN THE BANKING
BOOK

1.1 A substantial increase in new provisions
or a shortfall in the level of previously
recorded provisions exposed to credit risk
and counterparty risk could adversely affect
the BNP Paribas Group’s results of operations
and financial condition.
Credit risk and counterparty risk impact the BNP Paribas Group’s
consolidated financial statements when a customer or counterparty
is unable to honour its obligations and when the book value of these
obligations in the BNP Paribas Group’s records is positive. The
customer or counterparty may be a bank, a financial institution, an

340

industrial or commercial enterprise, a government or a government
entity, an investment fund, or a natural person.
At 31 December 2024, the BNP Paribas Group’s credit risk exposure
broke down as follows: corporates (44%), central governments and
central banks (22%), retail customers (24%), credit institutions and
investment firms (4%), other risk assets (4%) and equities (1%). At
31 December 2024, 28% of the Bank’s credit exposure was comprised
of exposures in France, 16% in Belgium and Luxembourg, 10% in Italy,
23% in other European countries, 11% in North America, 7% in Asia
and 5% in the rest of the world. The BNP Paribas Group’s
risk‑weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to
EUR 580 billion at 31 December 2024, or 76% of the total
risk‑weighted assets of the BNP Paribas Group, as compared to
EUR 535 billion at 31 December 2023, representing 77% of the total
risk‑weighted assets of the BNP Paribas Group.
At 31 December 2024, BNP Paribas Group’s exposure to counterparty
risk was: 36% to the corporate sector, 11% to central governments
and central banks, 18% to credit institutions and investment firms,
and 34% to clearing houses. By product, BNP Paribas Group’s
exposure at 31 December 2024, excluding CVA (“Credit Valuation
Adjustment”) risk, is comprised of: 43% in OTC derivatives, 34% in
repurchase transactions and securities lending/borrowing, 9% in
listed derivatives and 14% in contributions to the clearing houses’
default funds. The level of this counterparty risk varies over time,
depending on fluctuations in market parameters affecting the
potential future value of the covered transactions. In addition, CVA
risk measures the risk of losses related to CVA volatility resulting
from fluctuations in credit spreads associated with the
counterparties to which the Group is subject to risk. The
risk‑weighted assets subject to counterparty credit risk amounted to
EUR 48 billion at 31 December 2024, or 6% of the total risk‑weighted
assets of the BNP Paribas Group, as compared to EUR 45 billion at
31 December 2023, or 6% of the total risk‑weighted assets of the
BNP Paribas Group.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

The BNP Paribas Group is also exposed to credit and counterparty
risk through securitisation in its banking book, either because it has
not fully transferred its own credit exposure as the originator of a
securitisation or because it has invested in a securitisation
transaction with third‑party assets (whether as an investor or as a
sponsor that has structured the transaction for a client and retained
a position). Of the exposures to securitisation positions originated,
held or acquired by the BNP Paribas Group as at 31 December 2024,
the Bank was originator of 39%, was sponsor of 31% and was
investor of 30%. The risk‑weighted assets subject to this type of risk
amounted to EUR 21 billion at 31 December 2024, or 3% of the total
risk‑weighted assets for the BNP Paribas Group, compared to EUR 17
billion at 31 December 2023, or 2% of the total risk‑weighted assets
for the BNP Paribas Group.
If the default rate of customers or counterparties increases, the
BNP Paribas Group may have to record increased charges or
provisions in respect of irrecoverable or doubtful loans (Stage 3) or
performing loans (Stages 1 and 2), in response to a deterioration in
economic conditions or other factors, which may affect its
profitability.
As a result, in connection with its lending activities, the BNP Paribas
Group regularly establishes provisions, which are recorded on its
income statement in the line item Cost of Risk. In 2024, the cost of
risk amounted to EUR 2,999 million compared to EUR 2,907 million in
2023. This amount reflects write‑backs of provisions on performing
loans in an amount of EUR 765 million in 2024, and provisions on
doubtful loans of EUR 3,764 million. At 31 December 2024, the cost of
risk does not include other net charges for risk on financial
instruments (i.e. charges relating to risks that call into question the
validity or enforceability of financial instruments). These charges
amount to EUR 202 million as at 31 December 2024, and in 2024 they
included provisions relating to mortgage loans denominated in Swiss
francs or indexed to the Swiss franc in the amount of EUR 186 million
and losses in connection with the act on assistance to borrowers in
Poland in the amount of EUR 16 million.
The BNP Paribas Group’s overall level of provisions is based on its
assessment of prior loss experience, the volume and type of lending
being conducted, industry standards, past due loans, economic

5

conditions and other factors related to the recoverability of various
loans or statistical analysis based on scenarios applicable to asset
classes. The BNP Paribas Group seeks to establish an appropriate
level of provisions.
Although the BNP Paribas Group seeks to establish an appropriate
level of provisions, its lending businesses may have to substantially
increase their provisions for loan losses or sound receivables in the
future as a result of deteriorating economic conditions or other
causes. For example, provisions increased in 2020 primarily due to
the early ex‑ante recognition of potential losses related to the effects
of the health crisis (Stages 1 and 2 provisions on performing loans in
accordance with IFRS 9). These provisions could also increase if the
rise in corporate defaults observed in 2024 persists and/or if defaults
stabilise at a high level compared with previous years. Any
significant increase in provisions for loan losses or a significant
change in the BNP Paribas Group’s estimate of the risk of loss
inherent in its portfolio of non‑impaired loans, as well as the
occurrence of loan losses in excess of the related provisions, could
have a material adverse effect on the BNP Paribas Group’s results of
operations and financial condition.
For reference, at 31 December 2024, the ratio of doubtful loans to
total loans outstanding was 1.6% and the coverage ratio of these
doubtful commitments (net of guarantees received) by provisions
was 69.7%, against 1.7% and 71.7%, respectively, as at 31 December
2023.
While the BNP Paribas Group seeks to reduce its exposure to credit
risk and counterparty risk by using risk mitigation techniques such
as collateralisation, obtaining guarantees, entering into credit
derivatives and entering into netting agreements, it cannot be
certain that these techniques will be effective to offset losses
resulting from counterparty defaults that are covered by these
techniques. Moreover, the BNP Paribas Group is also exposed to the
risk of default by the party providing the credit risk coverage (such
as a counterparty in a derivative or a loan insurance contract) or to
the risk of loss of value of any collateral. In addition, only a portion
of the BNP Paribas Group’s overall credit risk and counterparty risk is
covered by these techniques. Accordingly, the BNP Paribas Group has
significant exposure to these risks.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

341

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

1.2 The soundness and conduct of other financial
institutions and market participants could
adversely affect the BNP Paribas Group.
The BNP Paribas Group’s ability to engage in financing, investment
and derivative transactions could be adversely affected by the
soundness of other financial institutions or market participants.
Financial institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing,
counterparty, funding or other relationships. As a result, defaults by
one or more States or financial institutions, or even rumours or
questions about one or more financial institutions, or the financial
services industry generally, may lead to market‑wide liquidity
problems and could lead to further losses or defaults. The
BNP Paribas Group has exposure to many counterparties in the
financial industry, directly and indirectly, including clearing houses,
brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual
and alternative investment funds, and other institutional clients with
which it regularly executes transactions. The BNP Paribas Group may
also be exposed to risks related to the increasing involvement in the
financial sector of players and the introduction of new types of
transactions subject to little or no regulation (e.g. unregulated funds,
trading venues or crowdfunding platforms). Credit and counterparty
risks could be exacerbated if the collateral held by the BNP Paribas
Group cannot be realised, it decreases in value or it is liquidated at
prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or
derivative exposure due to the BNP Paribas Group or in the event of
the failure of a significant financial market participant such as a
central counterparty.
For reference, counterparty risk exposure related to credit
institutions and investment firms was EUR 44 billion at 31 December
2024, or 18% of the BNP Paribas Group’s total counterparty risk
exposure, and counterparty risk exposure related to clearing houses
was EUR 82 billion, or 34% of the BNP Paribas Group’s total
counterparty risk exposure, compared with rates of 23% and 28%,
respectively, as at 31 December 2023.
In addition, fraud or misconduct by financial market participants can
have a material adverse effect on financial institutions due in
particular to the interrelated nature of the financial markets. An
example is the fraud perpetrated by Bernard L. Madoff Investment
Securities LLC that came to light in 2008, as a result of which
numerous financial institutions, including the BNP Paribas Group,
announced losses or exposure to losses in substantial amounts. The
BNP Paribas Group remains the subject of various claims in
connection with this matter; see note 8.c Legal proceedings and
arbitration to its audited consolidated financial statements for the
year ended 31 December 2024.
Losses resulting from the risks summarised above could materially
and adversely affect the BNP Paribas Group’s results of operations.

342

2.

OPERATIONAL RISK

The BNP Paribas Group’s risk‑weighted assets subject to operational
risk amounted to EUR 65 billion at 31 December 2024, or 8% of the
total risk‑weighted assets of the BNP Paribas Group, and
EUR 59 billion at 31 December 2023, or 8% of the total risk‑weighted
assets of the BNP Paribas Group. The breakdown of losses by type of
operational risk for the 2016‑2024 period is balanced on the whole.
The main type of operational risk incidents remains the “Clients,
products and business practices” category (35%), followed by
process failures, including errors in executing or processing
transactions (30%), and then external fraud (25%). Between 2016
and 2024, other types of risk in operational risk consisted of business
disruption and systems failure (4%), employment practices and
workplace safety (3%), damage to physical assets (2%) and internal
fraud (1%).

2.1 The BNP Paribas Group’s risk management
policies, procedures and methods may leave
it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated
risks, which could lead to material losses.
The BNP Paribas Group devotes significant resources to developing
its risk management policies, procedures and assessment methods
and intends to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, the
BNP Paribas Group’s risk management techniques and strategies
may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all
economic and market environments within which the BNP Paribas
Group operates. These techniques and strategies could also prove to
be ineffective against all types of risk, particularly risks that the
BNP Paribas Group may have failed to identify or anticipate. The
BNP Paribas Group’s ability to assess the creditworthiness of its
customers, or risk parameters, such as the value of its assets and
the effectiveness of its hedges, or to measure risks adequately if, as a
result of market turmoil or in certain market environments such as
those experienced in recent years, the models and approaches it
uses become less predictive of future behaviour, valuations,
assumptions or estimates. Some of the BNP Paribas Group’s
qualitative tools and metrics for managing risk are based on its use
of observed historical market behaviour. The BNP Paribas Group
applies statistical and other tools to these observations to arrive at
quantifications of its risk exposures. The process the BNP Paribas
Group uses to estimate losses inherent in its credit exposure or
estimate the value of certain assets requires difficult, subjective, and
complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and
how these economic predictions might impair the ability of its
borrowers to repay their loans or impact the value of assets, which
may, during periods of market disruption or substantial uncertainty,
be incapable of accurate estimation and, in turn, impact the
reliability of the process. These tools and metrics may fail to predict
future risk exposures, including, for example, if the BNP Paribas
Group does not anticipate or correctly evaluate certain factors in its
statistical models, or upon the occurrence of an event deemed
extremely unlikely by the tools and metrics. This would limit the
BNP Paribas Group’s ability to manage its risks. The BNP Paribas
Group’s losses could therefore be significantly greater than the
historical measures indicate. In addition, the BNP Paribas Group’s
quantified modelling does not take all risks into account. Its more
qualitative approach to managing certain risks could prove
insufficient, exposing it to material unanticipated losses.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

2.2 An interruption in or a breach of the BNP
Paribas Group’s information systems, or of
those of its third‑party service providers, may
cause substantial losses of client or customer
information, damage to the BNP Paribas
Group’s reputation and result in financial
losses.
As with most other banks, the BNP Paribas Group relies heavily on
communications and information systems to conduct its business.
This dependency has increased with the spread of mobile and online
banking and payment services, the development of cloud computing,
and more generally the use of new technologies. These technologies
are mainly developed internally but some are provided by third
parties. Any failure or interruption or breach in security of these
systems could result in failures or interruptions in the BNP Paribas
Group’s customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit,
servicing and/or loan organisation systems or could cause the
BNP Paribas Group to incur significant costs in recovering and
verifying lost data. The BNP Paribas Group cannot provide
assurances that such failures or interruptions will not occur or, if
they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed by it or by its
third‑party service providers.
In addition, the BNP Paribas Group is subject to cybersecurity risk, or
risk caused by a malicious and/or fraudulent act, committed
virtually, with the intention of manipulating information
(confidential, banking/insurance, technical or strategic data),
processes and users, in order to cause material losses to the
BNP Paribas Group’s subsidiaries, employees, partners and clients,
for the purpose of extortion (ransomware) and/or for political or
ideological purposes. An increasing number of companies (including
financial institutions) have in recent years experienced intrusion
attempts or even breaches of their information technology security,
some of which have involved highly sophisticated and targeted
attacks on their computer networks. Because the techniques used to
obtain unauthorised access, disable or degrade service, steal
confidential data or sabotage information systems have become
more sophisticated, change frequently and often are not recognised
until launched against a target, the BNP Paribas Group and its
third‑party service providers may be unable to anticipate these
techniques or to implement in a timely manner effective and
efficient countermeasures. Any failures of or interruptions in the
BNP Paribas Group’s information systems or those of its providers
and any subsequent disclosure of confidential information related to
any client, counterpart or employee of the BNP Paribas Group (or any
other person) or any intrusion or attack against its communication
system, or the communication systems of its third‑party service
providers, could cause significant losses and have an adverse effect
on the BNP Paribas Group’s reputation, financial condition and
results of operations.

5

Regulatory authorities now consider cybercriminality to be a growing
systemic risk for the financial sector. They have stressed the need for
financial institutions to improve their resilience to cyber‑attacks by
strengthening internal IT monitoring and control procedures. A
successful cyber‑attack could therefore expose the Group to a
regulatory fine, especially should any personal customer data be
lost.
Moreover, the BNP Paribas Group is exposed to the risk of
operational failure or interruption of a clearing agent, foreign
markets, clearing houses, custodian banks or any other financial
intermediary or external service provider used by the BNP Paribas
Group to execute or facilitate financial transactions. Due to its
increased interaction with clients, the BNP Paribas Group is also
exposed to the risk of operational malfunction of the latter’s
information systems. The BNP Paribas Group’s communications and
data systems and those of its clients, service providers and
counterparties may also be subject to malfunctions or interruptions
as a result of cyber‑crime or cyber‑terrorism. The BNP Paribas Group
cannot guarantee that these malfunctions or interruptions in its own
systems or those of other parties will not occur or that in the event
of a cyber‑attack, these malfunctions or interruptions will be
adequately resolved.

2.3 Reputational risk could weigh
on the BNP Paribas Group’s financial
strength and diminish the confidence
of clients and counterparties in it.

5

Considering the highly competitive environment in the financial
services industry, a reputation for financial strength and integrity is
critical to the BNP Paribas Group’s ability to attract and retain
customers. The BNP Paribas Group’s reputation could be harmed if
the means it uses to market and promote its products and services
were to be deemed inconsistent with client interests. The
BNP Paribas Group’s reputation could also be damaged if, as it
increases its client base and the scale of its businesses, its overall
procedures and controls dealing with conflicts of interest fail, or
appear to fail, to address them properly. Moreover, the BNP Paribas
Group’s reputation could be damaged by employee misconduct or
labour strikes or other disputes, fraud or misconduct by financial
industry participants to which the BNP Paribas Group is exposed, a
restatement of, a decline in, or corrections to its results, as well as
any adverse legal or regulatory action, such as the settlement the
BNP Paribas Group entered into with the US authorities in 2014 for
violations of US laws and regulations regarding economic sanctions.
The loss of business that could result from damage to the
BNP Paribas Group’s reputation could have an adverse effect on its
results of operations and financial position.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

343

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

3.

MARKET RISK

3.1 The BNP Paribas Group may incur significant
losses on its trading and investment activities
due to market fluctuations and volatility.
The risk‑weighted assets of the BNP Paribas Group subject to market
risk amounted to EUR 28 billion at 31 December 2024, or almost 4%
of the BNP Paribas Group’s total risk‑weighted assets, compared to
EUR 29 billion at 31 December 2023, or 4% of the total risk‑weighted
assets of the BNP Paribas Group.
BNP Paribas Group is exposed to market risk mainly through trading
activities carried out by the business lines of its Corporate &
Institutional Banking (CIB) operating division, in particular in Global
Markets, which represented 18% of the BNP Paribas Group’s revenue
in 2024. The BNP Paribas Group maintains trading and investment
positions in the debt, currency, commodity and equity markets, and
in unlisted securities, real estate and other asset classes, including
through derivative contracts. BNP Paribas Group’s trading activities
are directly linked to economic relations with clients of these
business lines, or indirectly as part of its market making activity.
These positions could be adversely affected by extreme volatility in
these markets, i.e. the degree to which prices fluctuate over a
particular period in a particular market, regardless of market levels.
Moreover, volatility trends that prove substantially different from the
BNP Paribas Group’s expectations may lead to losses relating to a
broad range of other products that the BNP Paribas Group uses,
including swaps, forward and future contracts, options and
structured products.
To the extent that the BNP Paribas Group owns assets, or has net
long positions, in any of those markets, a market downturn could
result in losses from a decline in the value of its positions.
Conversely, to the extent that the BNP Paribas Group has sold assets
that it does not own, or has net short positions in any of those
markets, a market upturn could, in spite of the existing limitation of
risks and control systems, expose the BNP Paribas Group to
potentially substantial losses as it attempts to cover its net short
positions by acquiring assets in a rising market.
The BNP Paribas Group may from time to time hold a long position in
one asset and a short position in another, in order to hedge
transactions with clients and/or in view of benefitting from changes
in the relative value of the two assets. If, however, the relative value
of the two assets changes in a direction or manner that the
BNP Paribas Group did not anticipate or against which its positions
are not hedged, it might realise a loss on those paired positions.
Such losses, if significant, could adversely affect the BNP Paribas
Group’s results and financial condition. In addition, the BNP Paribas
Group’s hedging strategies may not be suitable for certain market
conditions.

344

If any of the variety of instruments and strategies that the
BNP Paribas Group uses to hedge its exposure to various types of risk
in its businesses is not effective, the BNP Paribas Group may incur
losses that could adversely affect its operating results and financial
position. Many of its strategies are based on historical trading
patterns and correlations. For example, if the BNP Paribas Group
holds a long position in an asset, it may hedge that position by
taking a short position in another asset where the short position has
historically moved in a direction that would offset a change in the
value of the long position. However, the hedge may only be partial,
or the strategies used may not protect against all future risks or may
not be fully effective in mitigating the BNP Paribas Group’s risk
exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk in
the future. Unexpected market developments may also reduce the
effectiveness of the BNP Paribas Group’s hedging strategies. In
addition, the manner in which gains and losses resulting from
certain ineffective hedges are recorded may result in additional
volatility in the BNP Paribas Group’s reported earnings.
In addition, market risk relating to the BNP Paribas Group’s banking
activities includes its interest rate and foreign exchange rate risks in
connection with its activities as a banking intermediary. The
“operating” foreign exchange risk exposure relates to net earnings
generated by activities conducted in currencies other than the
functional currency of the entity concerned. The “structural” foreign
exchange risk position of an entity relates to investments in
currencies other than the functional currency. The BNP Paribas
Group uses the concepts of standard rate risk and structural rate
risk in measuring interest rate risk. Standard rate risk corresponds to
the general case for a given transaction. Structural rate risk is the
interest rate risk relating to own funds and non‑interest‑bearing
current accounts.
The BNP Paribas Group uses a “Value at Risk” (VaR) model and
various other market indicators (stressed VaR, Incremental Risk
Charge, Comprehensive Risk Measure for the credit correlation
portfolio) to quantify its exposure to potential losses from market
risks, and also performs stress testing and sensitivity analysis
compared with market limits with a view to quantifying its potential
exposure in extreme scenarios (see Market Risk Stress Testing
Framework in section 5.7 Market risk of BNP Paribas’ Universal
registration document at 31 December 2024). However, these
techniques rely on statistical methodologies based on historical
observations, which may turn out to be unreliable predictors of
future market conditions. Accordingly, the BNP Paribas Group’s
exposure to market risk in extreme scenarios could be greater than
the exposures predicted by its quantification techniques.
More generally, the volatility of financial markets resulting from
disruptions or deteriorations in macroeconomic conditions could
adversely affect the BNP Paribas Group’s trading and investment
positions in the debt, currency, commodity and equity markets, as
well as its positions in other investments such as commercial real
estate. For reference, and as indicated below, the revenues of Global
Markets, the main business line of the Corporate & Institutional
Banking (CIB) division, which handles the BNP Paribas Group’s
trading activities, accounted for 18% of the BNP Paribas Group’s
revenues in 2024. Severe market disruptions and extreme market
volatility have occurred often in recent years (including in 2024 in
response to the political instability in France since the dissolution of
the Assemblée nationale on 9 June 2024) and may persist or
resurface, which could result in significant losses for the BNP Paribas
Group. Such losses may extend to a broad range of trading and
hedging products, including swaps, forward and future contracts,
options and structured products. The volatility of financial markets
makes it difficult to predict trends and implement effective trading

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

strategies. It also weighs on the primary equity and bond markets,
affecting the activity of Corporate & Institutional Banking.

3.2 The BNP Paribas Group may generate lower
revenues from commission and fee‑based
businesses during market downturns
and declines in activity.
Commissions received by the BNP Paribas Group represented 22% of
its revenues in 2024. Financial and economic conditions affect the
number and size of transactions for which the BNP Paribas Group
provides securities underwriting, financial advisory and other
investment banking services. These revenues, which include fees
from these services, are directly related to the number and size of
the transactions in which the BNP Paribas Group participates and
can thus be significantly affected by economic or financial changes
that are unfavourable to its investment banking business and clients.
In addition, because the fees that the BNP Paribas Group charges for
managing its clients’ portfolios are in many cases based on the value
or performance of those portfolios, a market downturn that reduces
the value of its clients’ portfolios or increases the amount of
withdrawals would reduce the revenues it receives from its asset
management, equity derivatives and private banking businesses.
Independently of market changes, the development of index
portfolios or the below‑market performance by the BNP Paribas
Group’s mutual funds may lead to reduced revenues from the
BNP Paribas Group’s asset management business, and increased
withdrawals and reduced inflows for these vehicles. A reduced level
of net banking income from the abovementioned commission and
fee‑based businesses may have a material adverse impact on the
BNP Paribas Group’s financial results.

3.3 Adjustments to the carrying value of the
BNP Paribas Group’s securities and derivatives
portfolios and the BNP Paribas Group’s own
debt could have an adverse effect on its net
income and shareholders’ equity.
The carrying value of the BNP Paribas Group’s securities and
derivatives portfolios and certain other assets, as well as its own
debt, in its balance sheet, is adjusted as of each financial statement
date. As at 31 December 2024, on the assets side of the BNP Paribas
Group’s balance sheet, financial instruments at fair value through
profit or loss, derivative financial instruments used for hedging
purposes and financial assets at fair value through shareholders’
equity amounted to EUR 816 billion, EUR 21 billion and EUR 73 billion
respectively. In the liabilities column, financial instruments at fair
value through profit or loss and derivative financial instruments
used for hedging purposes amounted to EUR 792 billion and
EUR 37 billion, respectively, at 31 December 2024. Most of the
adjustments are made on the basis of changes in fair value of the
BNP Paribas Group’s assets or debt during an accounting period, with
the changes recorded either in the income statement or directly in
shareholders’ equity. Changes that are recorded in the income
statement, to the extent not offset by opposite changes in the value
of other assets, affect the BNP Paribas Group’s consolidated revenues

5

and, as a result, its net income. A downward adjustment of the fair
value of the BNP Paribas Group’s securities and derivatives portfolios
may lead to reduced shareholders’ equity and, to the extent not
offset by opposite changes in the value of the BNP Paribas Group’s
liabilities, the BNP Paribas Group’s capital adequacy ratios may also
be lowered. The fact that fair value adjustments are recorded in one
accounting period does not mean that further adjustments will not
be needed in subsequent periods.

4.

LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING RISK

4.1 The BNP Paribas Group’s access to and cost of
funding could be adversely affected by a
resurgence of financial crises, worsening
economic conditions, rating downgrades,
increases in sovereign credit spreads or
other factors.
The financial crisis, the Eurozone sovereign debt crisis as well as the
general macroeconomic environment, at times during a period
around fifteen years ago adversely affected the availability and cost
of funding for European banks. This was due to several factors,
including a sharp increase in the perception of bank credit risk due
to exposure to sovereign debt in particular, credit rating downgrades
of sovereigns and of banks, and debt market speculation. Many
European banks, including the BNP Paribas Group, at various points
during these periods experienced restricted access to wholesale debt
markets for institutional investors and to the interbank market, as
well as a general increase in their cost of funding.

5

Such adverse credit market conditions may reappear in the event of
a change in monetary policy (as seen, for example, with respect to
worsening inflation in 2022 and 2023), a recession, prolonged
stagnation of growth, deflation, “stagflation” (sluggish growth
accompanied by inflation), or another sovereign debt crisis, in
particular in France should it fail to reduce its level of indebtedness
(due to political or institutional deadlock or for any other reason).
Such conditions could also reemerge following a sovereign borrower
ratings downgrade in the Group’s key markets, in particular due to
excessive political instability (such as has occurred in France since
the dissolution of the Assemblée nationale on 9 June 2024 and which
has led to renewed volatility on financial markets and the widening
of the credit spread of the French Obligation Assimilable du Trésor
(OAT) against, in particular, the German Bund (German sovereign
bond), followed by the downgrading of France's credit rating by
Moody's in December 2024 and the subsequent downgrading of
several French banking institutions), new forms of financial crisis
and factors relating to the financial industry or the economy in
general (including the economic consequences of the war in Ukraine
or the conflicts in the Middle East) or to the BNP Paribas Group in
particular. In such a case, the effect on the liquidity, balance sheet
strength and cost of funding of European financial institutions in
general or the BNP Paribas Group in particular could be materially
adverse and have a negative impact on the BNP Paribas Group’s
results of operations and financial condition.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

345

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

4.2 Protracted market declines can reduce the
BNP Paribas Group’s liquidity, making it
harder to sell assets and possibly leading to
material losses. Accordingly, the BNP Paribas
Group must ensure that its assets and
liabilities properly match in order to avoid
exposure to losses.
In some of the BNP Paribas Group’s businesses, particularly Global
Markets (which represented 18% of the BNP Paribas Group’s revenue
in 2024) and Asset/Liability Management, protracted market
movements, such as asset price declines, can reduce the level of
activity in the market or reduce market liquidity. These
developments can lead to material losses if the BNP Paribas Group
cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely way. This is
particularly true for assets that are intrinsically illiquid. Assets that
are not traded on stock exchanges or other public trading markets,
such as certain derivative contracts between financial institutions,
may have values that the BNP Paribas Group calculates using
models rather than publicly‑quoted prices. Monitoring the
deterioration of prices of assets like these is difficult and could lead
to significant unanticipated losses (see section 5.8 Liquidity risk,
paragraph Stress tests and liquidity reserve of BNP Paribas’
Universal registration document at 31 December 2024). The liquidity
risk of the BNP Paribas Group can be assessed through its short‑term
liquidity ratio (the Liquidity Coverage Ratio, “LCR”) which analyses
the coverage of net cash outflows at 30 days in a stress scenario. The
BNP Paribas Group’s period end LCR was 137% as at 31 December
2024. The liquidity reserve was EUR 480 billion as at 31 December
2024.
The BNP Paribas Group is exposed to the risk that the maturity,
interest rate or currencies of its assets might not precisely match
those of its liabilities. The timing of payments on certain of the
BNP Paribas Group’s assets is uncertain and, if the BNP Paribas
Group receives lower revenues than expected at a given time, it
might require additional market funding in order to meet its
obligations on its liabilities. While the BNP Paribas Group imposes
strict limits on the gaps between its assets and its liabilities as part
of its risk management procedures, it cannot be certain that these
limits will be fully effective to eliminate potential negative effects
arising from asset and liability mismatches.

346

4.3 Any downgrade of the BNP Paribas Group’s
credit ratings could weigh heavily on the
profitability of the BNP Paribas Group.
Credit ratings have a significant impact on the BNP Paribas Group’s
liquidity and cost of funding. The BNP Paribas Group is rated by four
ratings agencies: Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s, Fitch and DRBS. On
24 April 2023, Standard & Poor’s confirmed the long‑term rating of
BNP Paribas SA’s deposits and senior preferred debt rating as A+, and
its short- term rating as A‑1 with a stable outlook. On 16 October
2024, Fitch maintained its long‑term deposits and senior preferred
debt rating for BNP Paribas SA at AA- and its short term deposits and
senior preferred debt rating for BNP Paribas SA at F1+, with a stable
outlook. On 17 December 2024, Moody’s downgraded its long‑term
deposits and senior preferred debt rating to A1, and maintained its
short‑term rating as P‑1, with a stable outlook. On 20 June 2024,
DBRS confirmed BNP Paribas SA’s senior preferred debt rating as
AA(low), and its short‑term rating as R‑1(middle), with a stable
outlook. A downgrade in the BNP Paribas Group’s credit rating could
affect the liquidity and competitive position of the Group. A
downgrade could also increase the BNP Paribas Group’s borrowing
costs, limit access to the capital markets or trigger additional
obligations under its covered bonds or under certain bilateral
provisions in some trading, derivative or collateralised financing
contacts. Moreover, a downgrade in the sovereign credit rating of
France, the Group’s principal country market, could indirectly affect
BNP Paribas’ credit rating and cost of funding due to a potential
resulting increase in the risk premium of French financial
institutions. For example, Moody’s downgraded France’s credit rating
in December 2024, and subsequently downgraded several French
banking institutions, in response to the political instability in France
since June 2024 and the country’s rising debt levels.
In addition, the BNP Paribas Group’s cost of obtaining long‑term
unsecured funding from market investors is also directly related to
its credit spreads, which in turn depend to a certain extent on its
credit ratings. Increases in credit spreads can significantly increase
the BNP Paribas Group’s cost of funding. Changes in credit spreads
are continuous, market‑driven, and subject at times to unpredictable
and highly volatile movements. Credit spreads are also influenced by
market perceptions of the BNP Paribas Group’s creditworthiness.
Furthermore, credit spreads may be influenced by movements in the
cost to purchasers of credit default swaps referenced to the Group’s
debt obligations, which are influenced both by the credit quality of
those obligations, and by a number of market factors that are
beyond the control of the BNP Paribas Group.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

5.

RISKS RELATED TO THE MACROECONOMIC
AND MARKET ENVIRONMENT

5.1 Adverse economic and financial conditions
have in the past and may in the future
significantly affect the BNP Paribas Group
and the markets in which it operates.

5

in the level and structure of volatility, or the rapid alternation
of periods of strong market rises and falls over a shorter period,
may make it difficult or more costly to hedge certain structured
products, thereby increasing the risk of loss for the BNP Paribas
Group;
■ macroeconomic or monetary policies adopted in response to

The BNP Paribas Group’s business is affected by changes in the
financial markets and more generally by trends in economic
conditions in France (26% of the Group’s revenues at 31 December
2024), other countries in Europe (51% of the Group’s revenues at
31 December 2024) and the rest of the world (23% of the Group’s
revenues at 31 December 2024). Fluctuations, deterioration or
turbulence in the markets and/or the economic or political
environment in the countries where the BNP Paribas Group operates
has in the past had, and could again in the future have, various
impacts including the following:
■ adverse

economic conditions affecting the business and
operations of the BNP Paribas Group’s customers, reducing
credit demand and trading volume and resulting in an
increased rate of default on loans and other client receivables,
in part as a result of the deterioration of the financial capacity
of companies and households, as shown by the rise in corporate
defaults observed in 2024. Since the beginning of 2024, this risk
has materialised in the form of slow or weak growth in various
regions of the world and a risk of recession in certain regions
(including the Eurozone) as a result, in particular, of the 2022
and 2023 interest rate increases as well as specific effects (e.g.
the real estate crisis in China and the commercial real estate
crisis in the United States). Finally, in 2025, as in 2024 and
2023, the global and Eurozone economies are expected to be
particularly sensitive to trends in inflation, monetary policies
and, consequently, to interest rates, as well as to the impacts of
various geopolitical events, in line with the central scenario
drawn up by the BNP Paribas Group’s Economic Research unit
(29 January 2024), which assumes Eurozone and US GDP
growth of 0.8% and 2.8%, respectively, in 2024, compared to
growth of 1% and 2.4%, respectively, in 2025. Moreover, the end
of a favourable economic environment in relation to a particular
business sector, or for the economy in general, may also have a
negative impact on the BNP Paribas Group’s results. For
instance, it is expected that the normalisation of used vehicle
prices will have a negative net impact of EUR400 million on
Arval and Leasing Solutions’ revenues for the 2025 fiscal year,
compared to 2024;

■ a decline in market prices (or an increase in volatility) of bonds,

equities and commodities affecting the businesses of the
BNP Paribas Group, including in particular trading, investment
banking and asset management revenues. Indeed, high volatility
over a long period can lead to financial asset market
corrections (particularly the riskiest assets) and thus generate
losses for the BNP Paribas Group. In addition, a sudden change

actual or anticipated economic conditions could have
consequences, anticipated or not, on market parameters such
as interest rates and foreign exchange rates, which in turn can
affect the BNP Paribas Group’s businesses that are most
exposed to market risk. This risk, which was particularly
pronounced in 2023 and 2024 due to the significant and rapid
monetary tightening carried out by the European Central Bank
(the “ECB”) and the US Federal Reserve (the “Fed”) in 2022 and
2023, remains relevant in 2025, although the key interest rates’
trajectory is difficult to predict due to the various economic
indicators that influence it (inflation, GDP and labour market
trends);
■ the favourable perception of economic conditions, whether

globally or in specific sectors, can lead to the formation of
speculative asset bubbles, and corrections when conditions
change. This risk persists in 2025 after the recent monetary
tightening, particularly in specific sectors such as commercial
real estate and leveraged finance (see section 5.2, A significant
increase or decrease in interest rates could adversely affect
the BNP Paribas Group’s income, profitability and financial
condition). For example, falling valuations and fewer
transactions in the commercial real estate sector have been
tightening financing conditions and increasing investor
uncertainty in this market, which may affect the financial
strength of market participants and hence asset quality. The
BNP Paribas Group’s gross on- and off‑balance sheet exposure
to commercial real estate represented 3.7% of its total on- and
off‑balance sheet exposure as at 31 December 2024; and

5

■ significant one‑off economic disruptions related to, or adverse

economic consequences resulting from, various specific adverse
political or geopolitical events (such as the global financial
crisis of 2008, the European sovereign debt crisis of 2011, the
recession caused, in 2020 and 2021, by the Covid‑19 pandemic,
or high inflation and rising interest rates as well as geopolitical
shocks; for example, the invasion of Ukraine in 2022, the
conflicts in the Middle East in 2023 and 2024 and political
instability in France from June 2024) having a substantial
impact on all of the BNP Paribas Group’s businesses, in
particular by increasing the volatility and costs of funding
sources, deteriorating asset quality and financial market
corrections (which may be exacerbated by a reduction in
market liquidity and hence the ability to sell certain categories
of assets at fair market value or at all). These disruptions could
also entail, in particular, a decline in transaction commissions
and consumer loans by the effect, whether temporary or
permanent, of geopolitical events on the economic conditions in
which the BNP Paribas Group operates.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

347

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

While by definition the occurrence of such adverse geopolitical
events is difficult to predict, in 2025 they could include the
worsening of the consequences or the extension of the war in
Ukraine or of the conflicts in the Middle East, commercial and
geopolitical tensions among China, Taiwan and the United States,
which could extend to and implicate the European Union and other
countries, and changes to trade or other policies, including the
imposition of tariffs and retaliatory tariffs, any of which could lead to
inflationary pressures and affect the energy market and/or supply
chains, contribute to the occurrence of a sovereign debt crisis (high
level of public debt, rapid increase in (re)financing costs, aggravating
exchange rate effects, particularly for borrowers exposed to the US
dollar), negatively affect economic growth and lead to the
materialisation of various political risks. Moreover, political
instability or fragmentation, or even changes in priorities or policies
such as those stemming from shifts in the balance of power between
political parties or new administrations, may have similar negative
effects, such as market volatility and reductions in consumption,
investment (including foreign investment) and overall economic
performance. As an illustration, the snap legislative elections
following the dissolution of the French Assemblée nationale on 9
June 2024, and the motion of censure of the French government
voted on 4 December 2024, have created market volatility,
particularly in the financial sector. Continuing political fragmentation
is also affecting France’s ability to deliver measures to address
elevated levels of public debt and may affect France’s ability to
achieve economic growth and result in a deterioration of French
asset quality. Any such events may have a material adverse effect on
the BNP Paribas Group’s business, results of operations and financial
condition.

5.2 A significant increase or decrease in interest
rates could adversely affect the BNP Paribas
Group’s income, profitability and financial
condition.
Interest rates rose significantly in 2022 and 2023, after many years
of low interest rates, and then began to fall in the second half of
2024. In this context, the results of the BNP Paribas Group have been
and could continue to be significantly affected in several ways. Net
interest income amounted to 19,524 million euros in 2024 and
19,058 million euros in 2023, respectively (see note 2.a Interest
margin to the audited consolidated financial statements for the year
ended 31 December 2024). The interest margin of Eurozone
commercial banks increased over the year 2024 despite the impact
of headwinds (inflation hedges, reserve requirement and Belgian
government bonds representing a base effect of EUR -352 million in
2024 compared to 2023) and the shortfall of around EUR300 million
due to the high short‑term rates underpinning the
stronger‑than‑expected shift from demand deposits to
interest‑bearing accounts (price signal) between 2022 and 2024. At
Group level, the interest margin rose by +2.4% in 2024 compared
with 2023.
High interest rates increase the cost of funding for the Group
through higher interest rates on liabilities such as short‑term
deposits, commercial paper and bonds, as well as the risk of

348

arbitrage by customers between non‑interest‑bearing deposits and
interest‑bearing deposits (compounded in France by policy decisions
to increase rates on regulated savings, including to levels above the
return received by banks on the same deposits). This increase in the
cost of funding could create an imbalance and a reduction in net
interest margin as a result of the Group holding a significant
portfolio of loans originated in a low interest rate environment. The
Group may also have difficulty (in particular due to the usury rate in
France) promptly reflecting higher interest rates in new mortgage or
other fixed‑rate consumer or corporate loans, while the cost of
customer deposits and hedging costs would increase more rapidly.
Moreover, a portfolio comprising significant amounts of
lower‑interest loans and fixed‑income assets as a result of an
extended period of low interest rates may (in a rapidly rising market
interest‑rate environment) decline in value. If the Group’s hedging
strategies are ineffective or provide only a partial hedge against such
a change in value, the Group could incur significant losses. Higher
interest rates also increase financial expense for borrowers and may
strain their ability to meet their debt obligations, which could test
the resilience of the BNP Paribas Group’s loan and bond portfolios
and could, in turn, lead to an increase in doubtful loans and defaults.
More generally, the end of accommodating monetary policies, in
particular by the ECB and the Fed, has led, and could continue to
lead, to sharp corrections in certain markets or assets. For example,
in early 2024, the commercial real estate crisis affected the share
prices of many US regional banks, as well as the financial condition
of some major real estate developers. More generally, such
corrections could potentially be contagious to financial markets
generally, including by the effect of substantially increased volatility
and heightened investor mistrust, generally or in relation to certain
sectors, including the banking sector due to its exposure to the
commercial real estate market, leveraged financing or other sectors
particularly affected by rising interest rates. The BNP Paribas
Group’s operations could as a result be significantly disrupted with a
consequential material adverse effect on its business, results of
operations and financial condition.
Conversely, if a low interest rates environment were to re‑emerge,
due in particular to monetary easing decided by central banks, weak
growth or other economic factors, the BNP Paribas Group’s
profitability could also be negatively impacted. During periods of low
interest rates, interest rate spreads tend to tighten, and the BNP
Paribas Group may be unable to lower interest rates on deposits
sufficiently to offset reduced income from lending at lower interest
rates. In addition, the BNP Paribas Group may face an increase in
early repayment and refinancing of mortgages and other fixed‑rate
consumer and corporate loans as clients take advantage of lower
borrowing costs. This, along with the issuance of new loans at the
low prevailing market interest rates, may result in a decrease in the
average interest rate of the BNP Paribas Group’s portfolio of loans,
thereby causing a decline in its net interest income from lending
activities. Low interest rates may also affect the profitability and
even the solvency of the insurance activities of BNP Paribas Group,
particularly due to the prevalence in the market of life insurance
contracts backed by euro‑denominated funds, which may not be able
to generate sufficient returns to be competitive with other
investment products.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

Low interest rates may also adversely affect commissions charged
by the BNP Paribas Group’s asset management subsidiaries on
money market and other fixed income products. A reduction in credit
spreads and decline in retail banking income resulting from lower
portfolio interest rates may adversely affect the profitability of the
BNP Paribas Group’s retail banking operations.

5.3 Given the global scope of its activities, the
BNP Paribas Group is exposed to country risk
and to changes in the political,
macroeconomic or financial contexts of a
region or country.
The BNP Paribas Group monitors country risk and takes it into
account in the fair value adjustments and cost of risk recorded in its
consolidated financial statements. However, a significant change in
political or macroeconomic environments may require it to record
additional charges or to incur losses beyond the amounts previously
written down in its consolidated financial statements. In addition,
factors specific to a country or region in which the BNP Paribas
Group operates could make it difficult for it to carry out its business
and lead to losses or impairment of assets.
At 31 December 2024, the BNP Paribas Group’s loan portfolio
consisted of receivables from borrowers located in France (28%),
Belgium and Luxembourg (16%), Italy (10%), other European
countries (23%), North America, (11%), Asia (7%) and the rest of the
world (5%). Adverse economic, political or regulatory conditions that
affect these countries and regions would have a significant impact
on the BNP Paribas Group. For example, at 31 December 2024, the
BNP Paribas Group, operating in Poland through BNP Paribas Bank
Polska, recorded a charge of EUR 202 million under other net
charges for risk on financial instruments relating to mortgage loans
in Poland denominated in Swiss francs or indexed to the Swiss franc
in the amount of EUR 186 million as well as losses related to the act
on assistance to borrowers in Poland in the amount of EUR 16
million. As another example, hyperinflation in Türkiye and the
application of the IAS 29 accounting standard negatively affected the
2023 and 2024 results of the BNP Paribas Group. Moreover, the
BNP Paribas Group has significant exposures in countries outside the
OECD, which are subject to risks that include political instability,
unpredictable regulation and taxation, expropriation and other risks
that are less present in more developed economies.

5

In addition, the BNP Paribas Group is present in Ukraine, through its
subsidiary UkrSibbank, in which it holds a 60% stake alongside the
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (40%). Certain
restrictions previously imposed by the National Bank of Ukraine were
lifted, thereby allowing the BNP Paribas Group to satisfy once more
the conditions required for establishing control, as defined under
IFRS 10, from 1 January 2024. This had the effect of changing the
consolidation method for UkrSibbank from the equity method, which
had been applied as from 1 March 2022, to the full consolidation
method.
With regard to Russia, which is subject to extensive economic
sanctions imposed in particular by the European Union, the United
States and the United Kingdom, gross on- and off- balance sheet
credit risk exposures of the BNP Paribas Group to this country
represented 0.02% of the BNP Paribas Group’s gross exposures onand off- balance sheet at 31 December 2024. In March 2022, the
BNP Paribas Group decided to stop all new financing as well as all
new operations in Russia. The Group is diligently monitoring
developments in the situation in conjunction with the authorities
concerned and, in particular, the reactions of the international
community with regard to economic sanctions.

6.

REGULATORY RISKS

6.1 Laws and regulations in force, as well as
current and future legislative and regulatory
developments, may significantly impact the
BNP Paribas Group and the financial and
economic environment in which it operates.

5

Laws and regulations in force in the jurisdictions in which the
BNP Paribas Group operates (in particular in France, Europe and the
United States) have substantially changed, and in the future could
potentially continue to substantially change, the environment in
which financial institutions, such as the BNP Paribas Group, operate.
These measures include in particular:
■ the continuing increase in “prudential” (i.e. capital solvency,

liquidity) requirements provided for in particular by the
Regulation of the European Parliament and Council dated
26 June 2013 (as amended from time to time, the “CRR”), as well
as changes to the risk‑weighting methodologies and methods of
using internal models that have led and could continue to lead
to increases in capital requirements for financial institutions
and, in particular, global systemically important banks, such as
the BNP Paribas Group;
■ the introduction of risk factors relating to environmental, social

and governance (“ESG”) issues in the CRR, which provides for
the integration of these risk factors into the supervisory review
and assessment process (SREP) as well as the extension of
supervisory powers in the Directive of the European Parliament
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 (as amended, the “CRD”) in
relation to such matters, could also lead to higher capital
requirements for financial institutions in the future;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

349

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

■ in respect of minimum capital requirements in particular, the

■ prohibitions or restrictions on fees for certain types of financial

European Commission adopted in October 2021 a legislative
package to finalise the implementation within the European
Union of the Basel III agreement adopted by the Group of
Central Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS); in the
impact assessment accompanying this legislative package, the
European Commission estimated, on the basis of an EBA impact
study dated December 2020 and of additional European
Commission estimates for some specific adjustments in the
European Union, that the implementation of the final Basel III
standards may result in an average increase in total minimum
capital requirements ranging between 6.4% and 8.4% after full
implementation of the reform; upon completion of the
legislative process, were adopted (i) a regulation amending the
CRR, applicable as from 1 January 2025, with a phase‑in period
during which the requirements will be gradually increased
through 2030 (and 2032 for certain requirements) and (ii) a
directive amending the 26 June 2013 Capital Requirements
Directive of the European Parliament and Council which shall
be applied by Member States from 11 January 2026 (subject to
certain exceptions). These new texts entered into force in July
2024; the BNP Paribas Group estimates that the finalisation of
Basel IV on 1 January 2025 will result in a 50 basis point
decrease in its CET1 ratio (excluding the effect from application
of the Basel III fundamental review of the trading book (FRTB)
standards for EU banks’ calculation of their own funds
requirements for market risk, which was postponed until 1
January 2026). This estimate is subject to change depending on
potential changes in the Group and the macroeconomic context;

products or activities, which could affect the ability of the BNP
Paribas Group to offer such products or engage in such
activities;
■ the establishment of national deposit guarantee schemes and a

proposed European deposit guarantee scheme or deposit
insurance which will gradually cover all or part of the
guarantee schemes of participating countries, which could
increase the cost or reduce the demand for the products and
services offered by the BNP Paribas Group;
■ the implementation of regulatory stress tests (including in

relation to climate change risk) which could lead to additional
regulatory capital requirements (see Market Risk Stress Testing
Framework in section 5.7 Market risk of BNP Paribas’ Universal
registration document at 31 December 2024);
■ the

increase in internal control and risk management
requirements, in particular with the entry into force on 17
January 2025 of European Regulation 2022/2554 of 14
December 2022 on digital operational resilience for the
financial sector (“DORA”), and in reporting requirements with
respect to certain activities as well as greater powers granted
to the relevant authorities to combat money laundering and
terrorism financing, in particular through the creation of a new
European authority for countering money laundering and
financing of terrorism which will start its operations in
mid‑2025 and which will likely increase compliance costs for
the BNP Paribas Group;

■ more stringent governance and conduct of business rules and

restrictions and increased taxes on employee compensation
over specified levels as well as the introduction of a general
duty of care provided for by the Corporate Sustainability Due
Diligence Directive (the “CS3D”), progressively applicable
between 2027 and 2029 according to decreasing thresholds of
employees and sales, which could affect the ability of the BNP
Paribas Group to attract or retain talent and increase
compliance costs for the BNP Paribas Group;

■ the strengthening of the powers of existing supervisory bodies

and the creation of new supervisory authorities, for example
under the Single Resolution Mechanism (the “SRM”) placing the
BNP Paribas Group under the direct supervision of the ECB with
which, in particular, a recovery plan for the BNP Paribas Group
is filed each year in accordance with the applicable regulations;
■ the enhancement of recovery and resolution regimes, in

particular the adoption of the Bank Recovery and Resolution
Directive of 15 May 2014, as amended from time to time (the
“BRRD”), in order to ensure that losses are borne primarily by
creditors and shareholders of banks and to thus minimise
losses borne by taxpayers;

■ changes in securities regulation, in particular of financial

■ restrictions on certain types of activities by commercial banks

(in particular proprietary trading), thus giving rise to internal
reorganisations, structural changes or disposals, that are
considered speculative and are thus either prohibited or
required to be ring‑fenced in subsidiaries, and subject to specific
capital and funding requirements which may reduce the BNP
Paribas Group’s ability to freely allocate its capital and
financing resources;

350

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

instruments (including shares and other securities issued by
entities of the BNP Paribas Group); measures to improve the
transparency, efficiency and integrity of financial markets and
in particular the regulation of high frequency trading, more
extensive market abuse regulations, increased regulation of
certain types of financial products including mandatory
reporting of derivative and securities financing transactions,
requirements either to mandatorily clear, or otherwise mitigate
risks in relation to, over‑the‑counter derivative transactions
(including through posting of collateral in respect of
non‑centrally cleared derivatives);

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

■ regulations of market infrastructures such as trading platforms,

clearing houses, central depositories and securities delivery and
settlement systems, which could affect the execution of the
BNP Paribas Group’s operations or facilitate the entry of new
players in the financial services sector;
■ the introduction of enhanced disclosure requirements, including

through the introduction of new disclosure requirements
(i) on how banking groups providing asset management services
such as the BNP Paribas Group integrate sustainability risks or
negative impacts, sustainable investment objectives or the
promotion of environmental or social attributes when making
investment decisions, (ii) on how and to what extent banking
groups themselves finance or develop economic activities that
can be considered environmentally sustainable as defined in
the European Taxonomy and (iii) in terms of sustainability,
certified by an independent third party, making it possible to
analyse the impact of the BNP Paribas Group’s business on CSR
issues and the manner in which these issues affect its business,
its results of operations and its financial condition, in
accordance with the texts transposing the Corporate
Sustainability Reporting Directive (the “CSRD”), applicable
progressively since 1 January 2024, which could increase
compliance costs for the BNP Paribas Group and affect the
demand for certain of the products it offers to its customers;
■ strengthened transparency and disclosure requirements on CSR

risk management, including physical and transitional risks
related to climate change, and the introduction of new
requirements for the integration of climate risk into the risk
measurement and management systems of banking groups,
including through the publication of proposals for banks to
manage and disclose climate risk;
■ the multiplication of measures that are not specific to financial

institutions, such as measures relating to the investment fund
sector or those promoting technological innovation such as
“open data” access;
■ the development of the regulation of payment services,

crowdfunding and fintechs, which could affect the BNP Paribas
Group’s ability to carry out certain activities; and
■ the tightening of tax and accounting legislation in the

jurisdictions where the Bank operates, such as the institution of
the exceptional contribution on the profits of large companies in
France decided by the French legislator in law no. 2025‑127 of
14 February 2025 on finance for 2025, which could have a
negative impact on the results of the BNP Paribas Group.
Existing measures, as well as those (by definition unpredictable)
which could be adopted in the future, could in particular reduce the
BNP Paribas Group’s ability to allocate and apply its capital and
financing resources, limit its ability to diversify its risks, reduce the
availability of certain financing and liquidity resources, increase the
cost of financing, increase the cost of compliance, increase the cost

5

or reduce the demand for its products and services, require it to
effect internal reorganisations, structural changes or reallocations,
affect its ability to conduct certain activities or to attract and/or
retain talent, facilitate the entry of new players in the financial
services sector or affect the business model of the BNP Paribas
Group and, more generally, affect its competitiveness (including with
other international banking groups that may not be subject to the
same level of regulation) and profitability, which could have a
significant impact on its business, financial condition and results of
operations.

6.2 The BNP Paribas Group may incur substantial
fines and other administrative and criminal
penalties for non‑compliance with applicable
laws and regulations, and may also incur
losses in related (or unrelated) litigation
with private parties.
The BNP Paribas Group is subject to regulatory compliance risk. This
risk is exacerbated by the adoption by different countries of multiple
and occasionally diverging and even conflicting legal or regulatory
requirements. Besides damage to the Group’s reputation and private
rights of action (including class actions), non‑compliance could lead
to material legal proceedings, fines and expenses (including fines
and expenses in excess of recorded provisions), public reprimand,
enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme cases, withdrawal
by the authorities of operating licences. This risk is further
exacerbated by continuously increasing regulatory scrutiny of
financial institutions as well as substantial increases in the quantum
of applicable fines and penalties. Moreover, litigation by private
parties against financial institutions has substantially increased in
recent years. Accordingly, the BNP Paribas Group faces significant
legal risk in its operations. The volume and amount of damages
claimed in litigation, regulatory proceedings and other adversarial
proceedings against financial services firms have substantially
increased in recent years and may increase further. The BNP Paribas
Group may record provisions in this respect as indicated in note 4.n
Provisions for contingencies and charges to its audited consolidated
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.

5

Regarding the Cease and Desist Order issued jointly by the French
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution and the Fed’s Board
of Governors on 30 June 2014, related to violations by the bank of US
laws and regulations on economic sanctions (which resulted among
other things in a fine of USD 8.9 billion), the Secrétariat Général de
l’Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution informed
BNP Paribas on 19 January 2024 of its conclusion that the Group had
fully complied with the provisions of the Cease and Desist Order and
that it would no longer monitor the Group’s compliance. On
6 February 2024, the Fed’s Board of Governors also announced the
termination of the Cease and Desist Order and a related enforcement
action.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

351

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

The BNP Paribas Group is also currently involved in various
litigations and investigations as summarised in note 8.c Legal
proceedings and arbitration to its audited consolidated financial
statements for the year ended 31 December 2024. It may become
involved in other litigation or investigations at any time. No
assurance can be given that an adverse outcome in one or more of
such matters would not have a material adverse effect on the
BNP Paribas Group’s operating results for any particular period.

6.3 The BNP Paribas Group could experience an
unfavourable change in circumstances,
causing it to become subject to a resolution
proceeding or a restructuring independently
of and/or before resolution: BNP Paribas
Group security holders could suffer losses as a
result.
The BRRD, the Ordinances of 20 August 2015 and 21 December 2020
transposing it, and the Regulation of the European Parliament and
Council of the European Union of 15 July 2014, each as amended
from time to time, confer upon the ACPR or the Single Resolution
Board the power to commence resolution proceedings for a banking
institution, such as the BNP Paribas Group, with a view to ensure the
continuity of critical functions, to avoid the risks of contagion and to
recapitalise or restore the viability of the institution. These powers
must be implemented so as to ensure that losses, subject to certain
exceptions, are borne first by shareholders, then by holders of
additional capital instruments qualifying as Tier 1 (such as super
subordinated bonds) and Tier 2 (such as subordinated bonds), then
by the holders of senior non‑preferred debt and finally by the
holders of senior preferred debt, all in accordance with the
insolvency ranking in normal insolvency proceedings. For reference,
the BNP Paribas Group’s medium‑ to long‑term wholesale financing
at 31 December 2024 consisted of the following: EUR 15.9 billion in
hybrid Tier 1 debt, EUR 25.4 billion in Tier 2 subordinated debt,
EUR 2.5 billion in subordinated debt not included in own funds,
EUR 73.2 billion in senior unsecured non‑preferred debt,
EUR 115.7 billion in senior unsecured preferred debt (including EUR
23.6 billion in MREL‑eligible senior unsecured preferred debt) and
EUR 13.6 billion in senior secured debt.
Resolution authorities have broad powers to implement resolution
measures with respect to institutions and groups subject to
resolution proceedings, which may include : the total or partial sale
of the institution’s business to a third party or a bridge institution,
the separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the
institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, the full or
partial write‑down of capital instruments and/or debt instruments,
the conversion into common equity tier 1 instruments of additional
tier 1 instruments, tier 2 instruments and/or debt instruments, the
dilution of capital instruments through the issuance of new equity,
modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering
the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing
a temporary suspension on payments), discontinuing the listing and
admission to trading of financial instruments, the dismissal of
managers or the appointment of a special manager (administrateur

352

spécial). In addition, the resolution authorities must exercise the full
or partial write‑down of capital instruments or the conversion into
equity of additional capital instruments qualifying as tier 1 (such as
super‑subordinated bonds) and tier 2 (such as subordinated bonds)
before the opening of a resolution proceeding if the conditions for
initiating it are met.
Moreover, certain powers, including the full or partial write‑down of
capital instruments, the dilution of capital instruments through the
issuance of new equity or the conversion into equity of additional
capital instruments qualifying as Tier 1 (such as super‑subordinated
bonds) and Tier 2 (such as subordinated bonds), can also be
exercised before resolution proceedings and/or independently
thereof, such as pursuant to the European Commission’s State Aid
framework if the institution requires exceptional public financial
support.
The implementation of these tools and powers with respect to the
BNP Paribas Group may result in significant structural changes to
the BNP Paribas Group (including as a result of asset or business
sales or the creation of bridge institutions) and in a partial or total
write‑down, modification or variation of claims of shareholders and
creditors. Such powers may also result, after any transfer of all or
part of the BNP Paribas Group’s business or separation of any of its
assets, in the holders of securities (even in the absence of any such
write‑down or conversion) being left as the creditors of the
BNP Paribas Group whose remaining business or assets are
insufficient to support the claims of all or any of its creditors.

7.

RISKS RELATED TO THE BNP PARIBAS
GROUP’S GROWTH IN ITS CURRENT
ENVIRONMENT

7.1 Should the BNP Paribas Group fail to
implement its strategic objectives or to
achieve its published financial objectives,
or should its results not follow stated
expected trends, the trading price of its
securities could be adversely affected.
In connection with the publication of its results for the year ended
31 December 2024, the BNP Paribas Group detailed the 2025‑2026
trajectory of its strategic plan at the level of the Group and within
each division. The BNP Paribas Group’s actual results could vary
significantly from these trends for a number of reasons, including
the materialisation of one or more of the risks described in this
section. If the BNP Paribas Group’s results do not follow these
trends, its financial condition and the price of its securities, as well
as its financing costs, could be affected.
Additionally, the Group is pursuing an ambitious corporate social
responsibility (CSR) policy and is committed to making a positive
impact on society with concrete commitments and targets. If
the Group fails to meet these commitments and targets, which
depend in part on factors beyond its control, its reputation could be
affected.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

7.2 The BNP Paribas Group may experience
difficulties integrating businesses following
acquisition transactions and may be unable to
realise the benefits expected from
such transactions.

7.3 The BNP Paribas Group’s current environment
may be affected by the intense competition
amongst banking and non‑banking operators,
which could adversely affect the Group’s
revenues and profitability.

The BNP Paribas Group regularly undertakes merger and acquisition
transactions. It has in particular announced its intention to allocate
part of the proceeds from the sale of Bank of the West to
acquisitions. The BNP Paribas Group’s most recent major such
transactions were the integration of Deutsche Bank’s Prime
Brokerage & Electronic Execution platform in 2019, the closing of the
acquisition of 100% of the capital of Exane, previously 50% owned by
BNP Paribas, in 2021, the acquisition of 100% of Floa in 2022, the
acquisition of Kantox in 2023 and the acquisitions of BCC Vita SpA
and Neuflize Vie in 2024 as well as the signing of the purchase
agreement for the acquisition of 100% of AXA Investment Managers,
which is expected in mid‑2025. Successful integration and the
realisation of synergies require, among other things, proper
coordination of business development and marketing efforts,
retention of key members of management, policies for effective
recruitment and training as well as the ability to adapt information
and computer systems. Any difficulties encountered in combining
operations could result in higher integration costs and lower savings
or revenues than expected. There will accordingly be uncertainty as
to the extent to which anticipated synergies will be achieved and the
timing of their realisation. Moreover, the integration of the
BNP Paribas Group’s existing operations with those of the acquired
operations could interfere with its respective businesses and divert
management’s attention from other aspects of the BNP Paribas
Group’s business, which could have a negative impact on the Group’s
business and results. In some cases, moreover, disputes relating to
acquisitions may have an adverse impact on the integration process
or have other adverse consequences, including financial ones.
Moreover, the acquisition of certain companies may have the effect
of increasing the BNP Paribas Group’s capital requirements.

Competition is intense in all of the BNP Paribas Group’s primary
business areas in France and the other countries in which it
conducts a substantial portion of its business, including other
European countries and the United States. Competition in the
banking industry could intensify as a result of consolidation in the
financial services area, the increased appeal of certain banking
products or securities, such as Belgian government bonds since
2023, the presence of new players in the payment and the financing
services area or the development of crowdfunding platforms, as well
as the continuing evolution of consumer habits in the banking sector.
While the BNP Paribas Group has launched initiatives in these areas,
such as the debut of Hello bank! and its acquisitions of Nickel and
Floa, competitors subject to less extensive regulatory requirements
or to less strict capital requirements (e.g. debt funds, shadow banks),
or benefiting from economies of scale, data synergies, technological
innovation (e.g. Internet and mobile operators, digital platforms,
fintechs), or free access to customer financial data could be more
competitive by offering lower prices and more innovative services to
address the new needs of consumers. New technologies that
facilitate or transform transaction processes and payment systems,
such as blockchain technologies and related services, or that could
significantly impact the fundamental mechanisms of the banking
system, such as central bank digital currencies, have been developed
in recent years or could be developed in the near future. While it is
difficult to predict the effects of these developments and the
regulations that apply to them, the use of such technology could
nevertheless reduce the market share of banks, including the
BNP Paribas Group, secure investments that otherwise would have
used technology used by more established financial institutions,
such as BNP Paribas or, more broadly, lead to the emergence of a
different monetary system in which the attractiveness of using
established financial institutions such as BNP Paribas would be
affected. If such developments continue to gain momentum,
particularly with the support of governments and central banks, if
the BNP Paribas Group is unable to respond to the competitive
environment in France or in its other major markets by offering more
attractive, innovative and profitable product and service solutions
than those offered by current competitors or new entrants or if some
of these activities were to be carried out by institutions other than
banks, it may lose market share in key areas of its business or incur
losses on some or all of its activities. In addition, downturns in the
economies of its principal markets could add to the competitive
pressure, through, for example, increased price pressure and lower
business volumes for the BNP Paribas Group and its competitors. It is
also possible that the imposition of more stringent requirements
(particularly capital requirements and business restrictions) on large
or systemically significant financial institutions that new players
may not be subject to could lead to distortions in competition in a
manner adverse to large private‑sector institutions such as the
BNP Paribas Group.

Although the BNP Paribas Group undertakes an in‑depth analysis of
the companies it plans to acquire, such analyses often cannot be
complete or exhaustive. In the event that the Group is unable to
conduct comprehensive due diligence prior to an acquisition, it may
acquire doubtful or troubled assets or businesses that may be
unprofitable or have certain potential risks that only materialise
after the acquisition, The acquisition of an unprofitable business or a
business with materialised risks may have a significant adverse
effect on the BNP Paribas Group’s overall profitability and may
increase its liabilities.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

5

353

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

7.4 The BNP Paribas Group could experience
business disruption and losses due to risks
related to environmental, social and
governance (“ESG”) issues, particularly
relating to climate change, such as transition
risks, physical risks or liability risks.
ESG‑related risks are not considered to be a stand‑alone risk
category. Instead, they are factors that may affect various risk
categories, such as credit risks, market risks, operational risks or
liquidity risks, and which may increase pressure on the Group's
financial performance. Accordingly, the BNP Paribas Group is
progressively integrating the assessment of these risks into its
existing risk management systems and processes. Twenty ESG risk
factors were integrated in 2024, covering in particular climate
change
risks,
nature‑related
risks,
social
risks
and
governance‑related risks. In addition, in order to improve risk
identification processes, the Group has implemented specific actions
as detailed in section 5.11 Environmental, social and governance risk
of the BNP Paribas Universal Registration Document at 31 December
2024 and in sustainability‑related sections, including section 7.1.2
Climate change, section 7.1.4 Own workforce, section 7.1.5
Consumers and end‑users and section 7.1.6 Business conduct.
In addition, the development of ESG‑related regulatory requirements
could lead to an increase in litigation faced by financial institutions.
Policy and regulatory initiatives and frameworks, including at the
European and international levels, concerning climate change and
sustainability, as well as voluntary and joint commitments through
industry alliances, create increasing legal, regulatory and
reputational risks. The ESG regulatory framework is constantly
changing and instituting, among other things, requirements in terms

of disclosure and the integration of climate risks into risk
measurement and management systems. These initiatives and
frameworks overlap in some respects and are not always consistent
in their objectives, resulting in regulatory complexity and, in some
cases, a lack of clarity and difficulty in interpretation.
Notwithstanding its efforts to combat climate change and monitor
the related risks, the physical, transitional or liability risks related to
climate change, or any delay or failure to implement ESG risk
management, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s
business, financial condition or reputation.

7.5 Changes in certain holdings in credit
or financial institutions could have an impact
on the BNP Paribas Group’s financial position.
Certain classes of assets may carry a high risk‑weight of 250%. They
include credit or financial institutions consolidated under the equity
method within the prudential scope (excluding insurance);
significant financial interest in credit or financial institutions in
which the BNP Paribas Group holds a stake of more than 10%; and
deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability and arise from
temporary differences.
The risk‑weighted assets carrying a risk‑weight of 250% amounted to
EUR 21 billion at 31 December 2024, or 3% of the total risk‑weighted
assets of the BNP Paribas Group. They amounted to EUR 19 billion at
31 December 2023, or 3% of the total risk‑weighted assets of the BNP
Paribas Group. If the BNP Paribas Group increases the amount of
high risk‑weighted assets (either by increasing the proportion of
such high risk‑weighted assets in its overall asset portfolio or due to
an increase of the regulatory risk‑weighting applicable to these
assets), its capital adequacy ratios may be lowered.

TOP AND EMERGING RISKS
The identification and monitoring of top and emerging risks are
central to BNP Paribas’ approach to risk management.
These risks are identified, analysed and managed thanks to different
work and analyses carried out by the RISK Function, the divisions
and the businesses, and through several committees. They notably
give rise to:
■ a close follow‑up of macroeconomic and financial conditions

with the objective of organising them into a hierarchy with
regard to the consequences for Group portfolio and designing
adverse scenarios. This close monitoring is delivered quarterly
to the General Management as well as to the Internal Control,
Risk Management and Compliance Committee (CCIRC) through a
dashboard presented by RISK;
■ a close monitoring of the risk profile in accordance with the

directives and thresholds approved by the Board of directors;

■ market and liquidity risk decisions made by Group ALM

Treasury Committee (or Group ALCo, see Governance in
section 5.3 Risk management) and the Financial Markets Risk
Committee (FMRC);
■ key decisions made by committees with respect to specific

transactions at the highest level;
■ proposals for new activities or new products;
■ portfolio and businesses reviews by Risk & Development Policy

Committees (RDPC), on topics selected by the Group’s Executive
Management for the upcoming year;
■ proactive and forward‑looking discussions on emerging risks

and their impacts on the Bank’s risk profile in the Risk
Anticipation Committee;
■ an analysis and a monitoring of changes to the regulatory

■ cross‑functional policies on concentration or corporate social

responsibility among others;

354

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

framework and their consequences on the Bank’s capital and
liquidity management as well as on its activities;

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

■ the Group’s sustainable finance strategy and commitments

validated by the Sustainable Finance Strategic Committee
(SFSC). This committee also decides on the main lines of
sustainable finance’s commercial policy and monitors their
operational implementation. Where necessary, it also validates
cross‑functional infrastructure choices ensuring the expertise
and consistency of the implementation of regulatory
requirements and the commitments made by the Group in
methods, analyses, risk management, data, tools, standards
and reporting related to sustainable finance.

TOP RISKS

5

■ trade tarrifs could be raised significantly, in the light of recent

and political debates;
■ weather‑related events can lead to higher food prices ans also

cause disruptions to production, transport or supply chains.
On top of these exogenous risks, labour market tensions, when high,
are susceptible to generate second‑round effects and disseminate
these price increases to other areas.
Beyond these short‑term risks, the energy transition is likely to exert
upward pressure on prices in the medium term, in particular due to
the carbon tax or price increases for some raw materials necessary
for the transition (metals).

Risks linked to the impact of higher interest rates

A top risk is defined as having:
■ the potential to have a material impact, across a business area

or geographical area, on the financial results, reputation or
sustainability of the Group;
■ the potential to occur in the near future.

The top risks to which the Group is exposed are described below.

Macroeconomic environment
Given the nature of the Bank’s business, the Bank and its results are
particularly sensitive to macroeconomic and market conditions in
Europe.
In 2024, global activity continued to grow at a maderate pace.
According to the latest IMF estimates of January 2025, World GDP
grew by 3.2% (compared to 3.3% the previous year).
In the Eurozone, activity picked up in 2024, with growth estimated to
reach 0.8% (compared to 0.4% the previous year). The recovery
should continue at a moderate pace in 2025, due in particular to the
positive impact of disinflation on real incomes and consumption and
the gradual easing of monetary conditions. However, its size will
remain limited by the expected tightening of budgetary policies.
Inflation continued to slow down in the course of 2024, getting
closer to main central banks targets. The latter started their rate
reduction cycle during the year. This monetary policy adjustment is
expected to continue in the first part of 2025.
Long‑term interest rates reached levels in 2023‑2024 not seen for
more than a decade and are expected to remain relatively high for
some time.

Risks related to high inflation, supply chain disruptions
and tensions on commodity markets
After reaching very high levels following the health crisis and in the
context of the war in Ukraine, inflation has dropped significantly in
most economies in 2023‑2024. Nevertheless, potential upside risks
remain:

The high levels of interest rates generate risks for the economy and
the financial system and are susceptible to trigger unfavourable
market reactions (equity market, foreign exchange, capital flows).
Sectors that are sensitive to interest rates, such as residential and
commercial real estate, are more exposed than others. Businesses
and households with high debt levels may find it more difficult to
repay or refinance their debt. The moderate growth environment
aggravates these risks.
The combination of moderate growth in activity and high interest
rates is also increasing pressures on public finances, especially given
the high public debt levels reached in recent years. High financing
costs and persistent fiscal deficits are limiting governments' policy
space, leading them to adopt less growth‑friendly fiscal policies than
in recent years. In addition, risks related to fiscal imbalances are
susceptible to generate additional pressures (e.g., higher sovereign
spreads), particularly in the euro area.

5

The vulnerability of some emerging economies to these risks could
lead to a deterioration in the rating of these countries by agencies,
which can be followed by an increase in risk premiums and debt
servicing. The Group’s exposure in emerging countries is limited.

Geopolitical and geoeconomic fragmentation risks
Geopolitical risks have increased significantly in recent years. While
the war in Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East are clearly
susceptible to generate significant risks for the global economy,
other tensions are also worth monitoring, notably in Asia.
Geopolitical tensions can weigh on the global economy through
various channels, including shocks on commodity prices, financial
markets, business confidence, supply chains and trade. Such
developments are susceptible to lead to higher inflation
developments and weaker activity developments at the same time,
complicating the task of central banks. The growing use of
international sanctions also increases the magnitude of potential
consequences of such events.

■ geopolitical risks can trigger spikes in energy, food and

transportation prices. They can also cause tensions on supply
chains, for example through export restrictions, disruptions to
shipping or sanctions, which are likely to have effects on both
prices (upwards) and the level of production (downwards);

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

355

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

Geopolitical tensions are contributing to some fragmentation of the
global economy. Businesses and governments tend to reduce
dependencies on some countries, whereas protectionist measures
are more common than a few years ago. These developments look
overall susceptible to weigh on growth and support inflation, notably
by generating additional costs and a less efficient diffusion of
technologies.

The two main risk factors related to climate change are as follows:
■ transition risk factors resulting from a change in the behaviour

of economic and financial agents in response to the
implementation of energy policies, change in regulation,
technological innovations or changes in consumer preferences;
■ physical risk factors resulting from the direct impact of climate

change on people, corporates and assets due to extreme
weather events ("acute") or long‑term shifts ("Chronic") in
climate patterns such as rising sea levels or rising
temperatures.

Laws and regulations applicable to financial
institutions
Recent and future changes in the laws and regulations applicable to
financial institutions may have a significant impact on the Bank.
Measures recently adopted or of which implementing measures are
still under elaboration, that have or are likely to have an impact on
the Bank notably include prudential regulations with the finalisation
of Basel 3 published by the Basel Committee in December 2017,
supplemented by the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book
(FRTB) in January 2019 and of CVA risk (Credit Value Adjustment) in
July 2020, which introduces a revision of the credit risk, operational
risk, market risk and CVA risk measurement in the calculation of
risk‑weighted assets. The new Basel framework also provides for the
gradual introduction of an overall floor which will be based on
standardised approaches. These measures enter into force on 1
January 2025 in the European Union with the exception of the FRTB,
whose binding application has been pushed back by one year to 1
January 2026, following the publication of a European Commission
Delegated Act. This text also provides for the issuance by the EBA of
a number of regulatory or implementing technical standards as well
as guidelines.
For a more detailed description, see risk factor 6.1 Laws and
regulations adopted in force, as well as current and future legislative
and regulatory developments, may significantly impact the
BNP Paribas Group and the financial and economic environment in
which it operates.
Moreover, in this strengthened regulatory context, the risk of
non‑compliance with existing laws and regulations, in particular
those relating to the protection of the interests of customers and
personal data, is a significant risk for the banking industry,
potentially resulting in significant losses and fines (1). In addition to
its compliance system, which specifically covers this type of risk, the
Group places the interest of its customers, and more broadly that of
its stakeholders, at the heart of its mechanism. Thus, the Code of
conduct adopted by the Group in 2016, updated in 2021, sets out
detailed values and rules of conduct in this area.

The Group assesses the impacts of climate change by identifying all
risk drivers linked to these two main risks factors. The way these risk
factors or drivers are impacting the Group are called transmission
channels and this allows for a precise assessment of all material
risks for the Group (for a more detailed description, see chapter 5.11
Risk ID).
In line with international regulators and the Network of Supervisors
and Central Banks for Greening the Financial System (NGFS), the
Group considers the risks associated with the emergence of legal
proceedings related to climate change for companies and investors,
including liability risks, as a subset of physical and transition risks.
Indeed, reputational or litigation risks may also arise due to potential
negative impacts that the Group may have, either directly or
indirectly, on the climate, or if its public commitments or disclosures
are not perceived as accurate by some of its stakeholders. The Group
may face in this case potential disputes, claims for compensation,
legal proceedings and therefore held liable by any stakeholder or
citizen who has suffered from climate change.
The Group has set up a monitoring on the potential impact of these
risk factors in the conduct of its business, in that of its
counterparties or in its investments on its own behalf or on behalf of
third parties. The Group thus integrates these risk factors into its risk
management process and gradually strengthens their assessment,
as the methodologies for measuring and analysing these factors and
their impact on traditional risks, in particular, those relating to credit
quality, are developed.
For more details, please see risk factor 7.4 The BNP Paribas Group
could experience business disruption and losses due to risks related
to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) issues, particularly
relating to climate change, such as transition risks, physical risks or
liability risks as well as the measures taken and commitments made
by the Group in this area in section 7.1 Sustainability statements of
chapter 7.

Environmental risks
The BNP Paribas Group is exposed to risks related to climate change,
either directly through its own operations or for certain of its assets
or indirectly through its financing and investment activities.

(1) Risk factors: 6.2 The BNP Paribas Group may incur substantial fines and administrative and other criminal penalties for non‑compliance with applicable laws and regulations
and may also incur losses in related (or unrelated) litigation with private parties.

356

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

Cyber security and technology risk

5

■ reinsurance capacity decline, making it harder for insurers to

BNP Paribas’ ability to do business is intrinsically tied to the fluidity
of electronic transactions as well as the protection and security of
information and technology assets.
The technological change is accelerating with the digital
transformation and the resulting increase in the number of
communications circuits, dependency on systemic technological
infrastructure, proliferation in data sources, growing process
automation, and greater use of electronic banking transactions.
The progress and acceleration of the technological changes needed
to respond to customer requirements are giving cybercriminals new
options for altering, stealing and disclosing data. Attacks are more
frequent, with a bigger reach and sophistication across all sectors,
including financial services. Besides, in the current context of
geopolitical tensions and development of hybrid war, cyber threat is
heightened.
The outsourcing of a number of processes is also likely to expose the
Group to structural cybersecurity and technology risks which can
lead to the appearance of potential attack vectors that
cybercriminals can exploit.
In this context, the Group has reinforced its lines of defence
dedicated to managing technological and cybersecurity risks (see the
paragraph Cybersecurity and technology in section 5.9 Operational
Risk) and operational standards are regularly adapted to support the
Bank’s digital evolution and innovation while managing existing and
emerging threats (such as cyber‑crime, espionage, etc.).

EMERGING RISKS
An emerging risk is defined as a new or evolving risk which potential
impact could be material in the future but is currently not fully
known or is difficult to quantify.
The Group identified emerging risks related to insurance and
reinsurance markets technological innovations, the evolving
regulatory environment, as well as certain health, demographic and
societal risks.

Evolutions in insurance and reinsurance markets
Insurance and reinsurance are crucial, notably, for managing
disaster‑related financial risks. They facilitate risk sharing, cover
damage and loss expenses, and aid in economic recovery after
disasters by providing necessary funds for rebuilding efforts.
Countries with well‑developed insurance markets tend to recover
more swiftly and efficiently from disasters.
With the increasing frequency and severity of extreme weather
events due to climate change (such as floods, wildfires and storms),
there is a potential risk in the coming years that:
■ insurance premiums rise significantly;
■ exceptions in insurance contracts flourish;
■ the insurability of certain risks in specific regions is challenged,

potentially leading to the termination of some risk covers and
the emergence of insurance deserts;

transfer excess risk.
Therefore, banks should critically evaluate the long‑term
effectiveness of insurance protections as mitigants for potential
direct or indirect losses, all the more that the capacity of states to
compensate for lack of insurance protection scheme is jeopardised
by deteriorated public finance situations.
Beyond climate‑related risks, insurers must also manage a variety of
emerging risks, including:
■ Evolving threats from terrorism and cyber‑attacks;
■ Vulnerabilities related to high interest rates and economic

downturns impacting insurance profitability;
■ Exposure to geopolitical turmoil and social unrest;
■ Technology‑related risks, which require insurers to invest in IT

security and understand the implications of
intelligence on their operations and business models;

artificial

■ Keeping up with regulatory changes and ensuring compliance is

essential to avoid unexpected losses and maintain market
stability.
The fundamental trend of the evolution of insurance and reinsurance
markets conditions the ability of economic agents to transfer and
mutualise risks. It has to be considered together with the capacity of
States to replace insurers and reinsurers or to structure guarantee
schemes that will ensure a continuation of the protections.

Technological innovations

5

The surge in data collection tools and the application of data‑centric
technologies, including increasingly complex algorithms and
artificial intelligence, paired with the extraordinary growth in
computing capabilities – exemplified by the advent of quantum
computing – are reshaping decision‑making processes. These
developments introduce new kinds of risks, altering how people
perceive information and truth (evidenced by the rise of the
"post‑truth" concept), reality, and standardised behaviours, which
can rapidly influence certain markets.
The anticipated advancements in quantum computing present
substantial risks to data security and existing encryption methods,
making the shift to post‑quantum cryptography essential.
Artificial intelligence’s influence extends to the job market, where it
can displace workers and exacerbate inequality, as well as lead to
the deterioration of professional skills. The pace of artificial
intelligence innovation often exceeds the development of regulatory
frameworks, resulting in governance gaps and the potential
geopolitical friction. Moreover, the considerable energy demands of
artificial intelligence and its carbon footprint are increasing
sustainability concerns.
The financial sector is also witnessing transformative shifts due to
the rise of decentralised finance, digital assets based on blockchain
technology, and the creation of digital currencies by central banks,
all of which could structurally alter the banking industry.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

357

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

In light of these trends, the Group's competitive landscape is being
transformed. The emergence of fintechs, significant companies
investing in the financial space like GAFAM & BigTechs (Google,
Apple, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft), and other technological
breakthroughs are disrupting traditional business models. These
forces are shifting the focus towards enhancing customer
experiences and employing new technologies to lower costs in less
valuable operations.
To remain relevant in this dynamic environment of changing value
chains and heightened security needs for information systems and
data, the Group is implementing a proactive strategy. This includes
fostering industrial collaborations with fintech entities.

Evolving regulatory environments
In addition to the regulatory measures recently adopted or pending
adoption, and already cited as top risks, the trend towards
increasing complexity of the banking regulatory environment and
associated supervision, as well as regional divergences, induces
relative uncertainty about future developments, compliance costs,
and the risk of proper execution of various measures. The Group has
established an active monitoring system for its regulatory
environment, enabling it to minimise these risks.
Possible future divergence by type of regulated entity, for example,
depending on their degree of innovation, may introduce risk of a
competitive nature.

Health risks
The threats posed by climate change and environmental degradation
are substantial, endangering vital ecosystem services that are
fundamental to health and healthcare infrastructure. The
anticipated impacts on health stemming from climate change and
the destruction of natural habitats are set to escalate, including a
rise in air pollution and greater occurrence of heatwaves. The threat
of compromised access to safe water and sanitation, along with an
uptick in waterborne diseases due to flooding, are additional worries.
Moreover:
■ it

is anticipated that climate change will
malnutrition as it leads to greater food scarcity;

exacerbate

■ urban expansion, alterations in land usage, and the diminishing

of natural environments are factors that drive the appearance
and resurgence of pathogens, including invasive fungal
diseases. The warming climate also prolongs the transmission
season for established illnesses such as malaria and dengue;

Furthermore, the emergence of antimicrobial resistance and
diseases that transmit from animals to humans (zoonotic diseases)
introduces additional complexity to prospective health
challenges. The risk of new germs or re‑emerging pathogens—
bacteria, viruses, parasites, or fungi—that could lead to epidemics of
infectious diseases difficult to control with high mortality rates and
economic disruptions is amplified by the resistance that bacteria
have developed to antibiotics, viruses to antiviral drugs, and fungi to
antifungal treatments.
The evolution of lifestyles, the aging of populations, and the decline
in birth rates in certain regions will impact healthcare systems and
economic production. Healthcare systems are also facing financial
deficits and the migration of medical personnel to more profitable
and/or less demanding sectors or regions.
In this context, the increasing frequency and extent of infectious
disease outbreaks, combined with chronic illnesses, could negatively
impact already overburdened healthcare systems over the next
decade.
Despite the lessons learned from the health crisis associated with
Covid‑19, a similar outbreak could result in novel breakdowns in
infrastructure and supply chains, leading to significant repercussions
for all involved parties.

Demographic issues
Demographic transition (decrease in fertility rate, increase in life
expectancy) is a major underlying development in many countries. In
the years and decades to come, it will have a significant impact on
economic growth, but also on health and retirement budgets, and on
savings and consumption behaviour.

Misinformation and disinformation
The spread of manipulated information, especially through synthetic
content and artificial intelligence technologies, is rapidly evolving
and constitutes a risk. It can significantly impact society by
influencing individual opinions and contributing to societal divisions
and polarisation. Key concerns include:
■ the

potential for misinformation
processes and provoke civil unrest;

■ mental health could be further compromised by escalating

stress factors such as environmental anxiety, aggression,
poverty, and isolation.

358

disrupt

democratic

■ increasing distrust in media and government, which fuels

societal polarisation, affecting social cohesion and mental
health;
■ the risk that government measures against misinformation

could lead to repression and loss of freedoms, while inaction
can also be detrimental, harming international relations and
affecting global markets;

■ increased atmospheric carbon dioxide levels may lead to

nutritional deficits in crops and hasten the absorption of heavy
metals, which have associations with a variety of pathologies;

to

■ artificial intelligence advancements making it easier to generate

and disseminate false information;
■ governmental regulatory efforts struggling to keep pace with

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

the rapid technological advancements;

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Annual risk survey

■ the

broad societal impacts of misinformation, including
individual manipulation, economic damage, societal fractures,
and the emergence of new types of crimes;

■ the use of misinformation by governments to control public

discourse, suppress dissent, and restrict press freedoms.
Additionally, the interaction between digitalisation, social media, and
artificial intelligence has intangible consequences, as deepfakes and
disinformation‑for‑hire services increase mistrust between societies,
businesses, and governments. Social media amplifies the spread of
negative news, with false information proven to disseminate faster
and wider than true information.
Such risks also affect financial institutions, blurring the relationship
with truth and evidence, and posing multiple risks to banks that can
impact their operations and reputation.
Overall, misinformation and disinformation represent significant
challenges across various levels of society and industry, with
profound implications for global stability, trust, and economic health.

Societal issues
The widening wealth gap, societal polarisation, and social unrest
highlight a complex interplay of economic, social, political and
geopolitical issues that can lead to economic downturns and fewer
business opportunities. Inequalities have intensified over the past
years, with inflation eroding purchase powers, exacerbating job
losses consequences and economic strain, particularly affecting the
less affluent and fuelling populist movements.
Disinformation is a key driver of societal polarisation, which risks
triggering economic and political instability, as trust in government
and media declines. This fragmentation and loss of social cohesion
threaten social stability and economic productivity, driven by factors
such as debt crises, state instability, cost‑of‑living issues,
unemployment, climate migration, digital divides, and algorithmic
biases.

5

The increasing divide between rich and poor poses significant
political challenges and can ignite social unrest, disrupting
infrastructure and services. Coupled with other risk factors—
technological, economic, and environmental—this increase in
inequalities fosters the development of illicit activities and the
growth of organised crime, further destabilising societies.
State fragility, fuelled by climate change, conflicts, and economic
hardship, creates a governance gap where transnational organised
crime can flourish. Corruption exacerbates this issue, allowing
criminal networks to control transportation hubs, law enforcement,
and parts of the public sector, thereby undermining the rule of law
and weakening economic growth. Environmental crimes, such as
illegal logging and fishing, drive forced labour and human rights
abuses, while socioeconomic vulnerabilities heighten exposure to
criminal networks.
Polarisation on various issues has marked recent political events,
leading to economic slowdowns, civil unrest, and deeper political
divisions, which threaten democratic stability. It highlights social
discontent over inequality and perceived policy failures.
Financial institutions and companies must be mindful of societal
expectations.
Beyond responses designed to meet its customers’ changing needs,
the Group is, on a more general basis, adapting its responses to the
expectations of the society in which it operates in terms of how it
conducts its business, respect for human rights and environmental
protection.
The BNP Paribas Group Code of conduct defines standards of conduct
in line with the values and missions determined by the Bank.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

359

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5.2 Capital management and capital adequacy
SCOPE OF APPLICATION
The prudential scope of application defined in Regulation (EU)
No. 575/2013 on capital requirements is not the same as the
accounting scope of consolidation whose composition concerns the
application of IFRS as adopted by the European Union. The notes to
the consolidated financial statements cover the accounting
consolidation scope.
The consolidation principles and the scope of consolidation in
accordance with the accounting consolidation method used are
described respectively in notes 1.b Consolidation and 8.k Scope of
consolidation to the consolidated financial statements.

PRUDENTIAL SCOPE
In accordance with banking regulation, BNP Paribas Group has
defined a prudential scope to monitor capital ratios calculated on a
consolidated basis. Its specificities are as follows:
■ insurance companies (primarily BNP Paribas Cardif and its

subsidiaries) that are fully consolidated within the accounting
scope are consolidated under the equity method in the
prudential scope;
■ unregulated entities of the real estate services (BNP Paribas

Real Estate) and businesses that are fully consolidated within
the accounting scope are consolidated under the equity method
within the prudential scope;
■ jointly controlled entities are consolidated under the equity

method in the accounting scope and under the proportional
consolidation method in the prudential scope.
As a reminder, since 1 July 2024, the entities of the Arval business
under exclusive control are fully consolidated within the prudential
scope.

360

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5

The differences between the accounting and prudential scopes of consolidation are summarised in the table below.

➤ TABLE 7: DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE ACCOUNTING AND PRUDENTIAL SCOPES (EU LI3)
31 December 2024
Neither
consolidated
nor deducted from
Equity method
own funds

Method of regulatory consolidation
Name of the entity

Method of accounting
consolidation Full consolidation

BNP Paribas Cardif and its subsidiaries(1)

Full consolidation

Proportional
consolidation

x

Description of the entity
Insurance

BNPP SB Re

Full consolidation

x

Insurance

BNPP Vartry Reinsurance DAC

Full consolidation

x

Insurance

Darnell DAC

Full consolidation

x

Insurance

Decart Re Ltd

Full consolidation

x

Insurance

Greenstars BNPP

Full consolidation

x

Insurance

Greenval Insurance DAC

Full consolidation

x

Insurance

Le Sphinx Assurances Luxembourg SA

Full consolidation

x

Insurance

BNP Paribas Real Estate and its non‑regulated
subsidiaries(1)

Full consolidation

x

Real Estate services

(2)

Collective investment funds

2SF – Société des Services Fiduciaires

Full consolidation
Equity method

x Asset management
x

Retail Banking

Bantas Nakit AS

Equity method

x

Retail Banking

Partecis

Equity method

x

Retail Banking

Baroda BNPP AMC Private Ltd

Equity method

x

Asset Management

BNPP ABC Wealth Management Co Ltd

Equity method

x

Asset Management

x

Corporate &
Institutional
Banking

FScholen

Equity method

Uptevia SA

Equity method

x

Corporate &
Institutional
Banking

Lyf SA

Equity method

x

Internet financial
services

Lyf SAS

Equity method

x

Internet financial
services

Services Logiciels d’Intégration Boursière

Equity method

x

Securities custody

Securitisation funds UCI and RMBS Prado

Equity method

x

Specialised loans

Securitisation funds Genius

Equity method

x

Specialised loans

Securitisation funds Wisdom

Equity method

x

Specialised loans

Genius Auto Finance Co Ltd

Equity method

x

Specialised loans

Union de Creditos Inmobiliarios SA

Equity method

x

Specialised loans

United Partnership

Equity method

x

Specialised loans

Zhejiang Wisdom Puhua Financial Leasing Co Ltd

Equity method

x

Specialised loans

5

(1) BNP Paribas Cardif and BNP Paribas Real Estate subsidiaries are identified in the note 8.k Scope of consolidation to the consolidated financial statements (footnote
(2)).
(2) Collective investment funds are identified in the note 8.k Scope of consolidation to the consolidated financial statements (footnote (4)).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

361

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

The table below shows the restatements between the accounting and prudential scopes of consolidation for each balance sheet item.

➤ TABLE 8: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET TO PRUDENTIAL BALANCE SHEET RECONCILIATION (EU LI1/EU CC2)
31 December 2024
In millions of euros

Accounting
scope

Adjustment of
insurance companies

Other adjustments
related to consolidation
methods(*)

182,496

(4)

12

182,504

267,357

591

(29)

267,919

390

590

Prudential
scope

Reference to
capital table
(see Appendix 2)

ASSETS
Cash and amounts due from central banks
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Securities
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions more than 10%-owned
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions less than 10%-owned

980

1

6,462

2

6,461

1

Loans and repurchase agreements

225,699

1,365

(293)

226,771

Derivative financial instruments

322,631

723

(23)

323,331

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

20,851

(13)

92

20,930

71,430

3,445

74,875

3,443

3,443

Financial assets at fair value through equity
Debt securities
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions more than 10%-owned
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions less than 10%-owned
Equity securities

1
2

1,610

1,610

of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions more than 10%-owned

668

668

1

of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions less than 10%-owned

294

294

2

Financial assets at amortised cost
Loans and advances to credit institutions
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions more than 10%-owned

31,147

246

177

31,393
177

of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions less than 10%-owned
Loans and advances to customers
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions more than 10%-owned
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions less than 10%-owned
Debt securities

2
900,141

6,987

4,361

911,489

141

25

(141)

25

1

1

2

(144)

146,831

1
146,975

of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions more than 10%-owned

1

of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions less than 10%-owned
Remeasurement adjustment on interest‑rate risk hedged portfolios
Investments and other assets of insurance activities

286,849

(758)
(286,849)

6,215

(612)

(37)

5,566

Accrued income and other assets

174,147

(2,874)

(1,417)

169,856

7,862

4,422

(4)

12,280

7,096

4,387

(727)

10,756

1

519

32

98

649

3

Property, plant and equipment and investment property

50,314

(535)

(172)

49,607

Intangible assets

4,392

(687)

(23)

3,682

4,392

(687)

(23)

3,682

3

5,550

(323)

(290)

4,937

3

2,704,908

(274,364)

2,279

2,432,823

of which investments in credit or financial institutions
of which goodwill

of which intangible assets excluding mortgage servicing rights
Goodwill
TOTAL ASSETS

362

2
(758)

Current and deferred tax assets
Equity‑method investments

1

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5

31 December 2024

In millions of euros

Accounting
Adjustment of
scope insurance companies

Other adjustments
related to
consolidation
methods(*)

Prudential
scope

Reference to
capital table
(see Appendix 2)

LIABILITIES
Deposits from central banks

3,366

3,366

Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Securities

79,958

Deposits and repurchase agreements

304,817

128

(67)

304,878

79,958

Issued debt securities

104,934

27

(369)

104,592

of which liabilities qualifying for additional Tier 1 capital
of which liabilities qualifying for additional Tier 2 capital

4
18

18

Derivative financial instruments

301,953

308

(17)

302,244

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

36,864

(58)

17

36,823

66,872

(4,790)

985

63,067

1,034,857

1,177

632

1,036,666

2,083

200,219

5

Financial liabilities at amortised cost
Deposit from credit institutions
Deposit from customers
Debt securities

198,119

17

Subordinated debt

31,799

(1,062)

30,737

of which liabilities qualifying for additional Tier 1
capital(2)

3,851

3,851

4

of which liabilities qualifying additional for Tier 2
capital(3)

26,640

26,640

5

(10,696)

(10,696)

Remeasurement adjustment on interest‑rate risk
hedged portfolios
Current and deferred tax liabilities

3,657

(64)

5

3,598

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

136,955

(1,951)

(923)

134,081

Liabilities related to insurance contracts

267,506

(267,506)

9,806

(345)

(66)

9,395

2,570,767

(274,119)

2,280

2,298,928

Share capital, additional paid‑in capital and retained
earnings

118,957

(1)

3

118,959

6

Net income Group share for the period

11,688

11,688

7

5

Financial liabilities related to insurance activities
Provisions for contingencies and charges
TOTAL LIABILITIES
EQUITY

Total capital, retained earnings and net income Group share for
the period
Changes in assets and liabilities recognised directly in
equity

130,645

(1)

3

130,647
(2,506)

(2,508)

2

Shareholders’ equity

128,137

1

3

128,141

Minority interests

6,004

(246)

(4)

5,754

TOTAL CONSOLIDATED EQUITY

134,141

(245)

(1)

133,895

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

2,704,908

(274,364)

2,279

2,432,823

8

(1) Adjustment of jointly controlled entities under proportional consolidation for the prudential scope, which are consolidated using the equity method within the
accounting scope, and of the unregulated entities of BNP Paribas Real Estate and consolidated using the equity method within the prudential scope, which are fully
consolidated within the accounting scope.
(2) Debt eligible as additional Tier 1 capital includes undated super subordinated notes and contingent convertible notes recognised respectively in equity and debt.
(3) Debt eligible as additional Tier 2 capital is presented at its notional value (excluding accrued interest and revaluation of the hedged component).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

363

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

31 December 2023
In millions of euros

Accounting Adjustment of insurance
scope
companies

Other adjustments
related to consolidation
methods(1)

Prudential
scope

11

288,270

(105)

212,127

Reference to capital
table
(see Appendix 2)

ASSETS
Cash and amounts due from central banks

288,259

Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Securities
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions more than 10%-owned
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions less than 10%-owned

211,634

598

344

590

934

1

3,606

2

3,606

1

Loans and repurchase agreements

227,175

188

(325)

227,038

Derivative financial instruments

292,079

764

(89)

292,754

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

21,692

(49)

171

21,814

50,274

2,693

52,967

2,690

2,690

Financial assets at fair value through equity
Debt securities
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions more than 10%-owned
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions less than 10%-owned
Equity securities

1
2

2,275

2,275

of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions more than 10%-owned

766

766

1

of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions less than 10%-owned

894

894

2

Financial assets at amortised cost
Loans and advances to credit institutions
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions more than 10%-owned

24,335

(80)

177

24,255
177

of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions less than 10%-owned
Loans and advances to customers
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions more than 10%-owned
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions less than 10%-owned
Debt securities
of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions more than 10%-owned

2
859,200

5,050

27,556

891,806

150

25

(150)

25

1

1

2

(179)

120,982

1
121,161
100

100

Remeasurement adjustment on interest‑rate risk hedged portfolios

(2,661)

(2,661)

Financial investments and other assets of insurance activities

257,098

of which own funds instruments in credit or financial
institutions less than 10%-owned

(104)

(128)

6,324

Accrued income and other assets

170,758

(1,998)

(4,460)

164,300

of which goodwill
Property, plant and equipment and investment property
Intangible assets
of which intangible assets excluding mortgage servicing rights
Goodwill
TOTAL ASSETS

364

(257,098)

6,556

of which investments in credit or financial institutions

1
2

Current and deferred tax assets
Equity‑method investments

1

6,751

3,789

3,811

14,351

6,076

3,563

(798)

8,841

1

512

226

923

1,661

3

45,222

(581)

(34,937)

9,704

4,142

(462)

(164)

3,516

4,142

(462)

(164)

3,516

3

5,549

(225)

(922)

4,402

3

2,591,499

(247,435)

(9,840)

2,334,224

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5

31 December 2023

In millions of euros

Accounting
Adjustment of
scope insurance companies

Other adjustments
related to
consolidation
methods(1)

Prudential
scope

Reference to capital
table
(see Appendix 2)

LIABILITIES
Deposits from central banks

3,374

3,374

Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Securities

104,910

Deposits and repurchase agreements

273,614

260

104,910

Issued debt securities

83,763

21

273,874
(441)

83,343

of which liabilities qualifying for additional Tier 1 capital
of which liabilities qualifying for additional Tier 2 capital

4
18

18

Derivative financial instruments

278,892

638

(84)

279,446

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

38,011

(65)

(35)

37,911

Deposit from credit institutions

95,175

(8,510)

(1,075)

85,590

Deposit from customers

988,549

1,193

4,133

993,875

Debt securities

191,482

12

(6,822)

184,672

Subordinated debt

24,743

(1,780)

2

22,965

5

Financial liabilities at amortised cost

of which liabilities qualifying for additional Tier 1
capital(2)

1,352

1,352

4

of which liabilities qualifying for additional Tier 2
capital(3)

22,433

22,433

5

(14,175)

(14,175)

Remeasurement adjustment on interest‑rate risk
hedged portfolios
Current and deferred tax liabilities

3,821

533

(751)

3,603

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

143,673

(2,965)

(3,818)

136,890

Liabilities related to insurance contracts

218,043

(218,043)

Financial liabilities related to insurance activities

18,239

(18,239)

Provisions for contingencies and charges

10,518

(348)

(949)

9,221

2,462,632

(247,293)

(9,840)

2,205,499

5

115,814

6

10,975

7

TOTAL LIABILITIES

5

EQUITY
Share capital, additional paid‑in capital and retained
earnings

115,809

Net income Group share for the period

10,975

Total capital, retained earnings and net income Group share for
the period

126,784

Changes in assets and liabilities recognised directly in
equity

(3,042)

-

5

126,789

1

(3,041)
123,748

Shareholders’ equity

123,742

-

6

Minority interests

5,125

(142)

(6)

4,977

TOTAL CONSOLIDATED EQUITY

128,867

(142)

-

128,725

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

2,591,499

(247,435)

(9,840)

2,334,224

8

(1) Adjustment of jointly controlled entities under proportional consolidation for the prudential scope, which are consolidated using the equity method within the
accounting scope, and of the unregulated entities of BNP Paribas Real Estate consolidated using the equity method within the prudential scope, which are fully
consolidated within the accounting scope.
(2) Debt eligible as additional Tier 1 capital includes undated super subordinated notes and contingent convertible notes recognised respectively in equity and debt.
(3) Debt eligible as additional Tier 2 capital is presented at its notional value (excluding accrued interest and revaluation of the hedged component).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

365

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

The following table shows the breakdown of the different categories of assets and liabilities recognised on the Bank’s prudential balance sheet
by regulatory risk type. The sum of the amounts thus broken down is not necessarily equal to the net carrying values of the prudential scope,
because some items may be subject to capital requirements for several types of risk.

➤ TABLE 9: PRUDENTIAL BALANCE SHEET BY RISK TYPE (EU LI1‑B)
31 December 2024

Counterparty
credit risk
framework

Securitisation
framework

Market risk
framework

Not subject to
capital
requirements or
deducted from
capital

11,809

11,034

53

255,516

576

3,846

213,629

222,924

323,331

323,331

322,091

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

20,930

20,930

Financial assets at fair value through equity

76,485

72,703

Loans and advances to credit institutions

31,393

22,775

8,663

Loans and advances to customers

911,489

799,694

41,755

68,895

1,145

Debt securities

146,831

127,824

85

22,976

(3,970)

Items subject to:
Net carrying
values:
prudential scope

Credit risk
framework

182,504

182,504

Securities

267,919

Loans and repurchase agreements

226,771

Derivative financial instruments

In millions of euros

ASSETS
Cash and amounts due from central banks
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss

339

3,443

Financial assets at amortised cost

Remeasurement adjustment on interest‑rate risk hedged
portfolios

(758)

Current and deferred tax assets

5,566

5,772

Accrued income and other assets

169,856

34,659

Equity‑method investments

12,280

11,632

649

Property, plant and equipment and investment property

49,607

49,235

372

Intangible assets

3,682

1,390

2,292

Goodwill

4,937

TOTAL ASSETS

366

(44)

2,432,823

(758)
(206)
125,438

8,226

3,163

4,937
1,323,843

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

744,865

92,263

808,757

11,599

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5

31 December 2024
Items subject to:

In millions of euros

Net carrying
values:
prudential scope

Credit risk
framework

Counterparty
credit risk
framework

Securitisation
framework

Market risk
framework

Not subject to
capital
requirements or
deducted from
capital

LIABILITIES
Deposits from central banks

3,366

3,366

Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Securities

79,958

Deposits and repurchase agreements

304,878

Issued debt securities

104,592

79,958
296,393

296,393

8,485
104,592

Derivative financial instruments

302,244

302,244

300,466

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

36,823

36,823

63,067

18,396

44,670

1,036,666

2,938

1,033,728

Financial liabilities at amortised cost
Deposit from credit institutions
Deposit from customers
Debt securities

200,219

200,219

Subordinated debt

30,737

30,737

(10,696)

(10,696)

3,598

3,598

Remeasurement adjustment on interest‑rate risk hedged
portfolios
Current and deferred tax liabilities
Accrued expenses and other liabilities

134,081

Provisions for contingencies and charges

9,395

706

TOTAL LIABILITIES

88,047

357

5

46,577
8,690

2,298,928

706

744,841

-

677,174

1,473,966

TOTAL CONSOLIDATED EQUITY

133,895

-

-

-

-

133,895

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

2,432,823

706

744,841

-

677,174

1,607,861

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

367

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

31 December 2023

Counterparty
credit risk
framework

Securitisation
framework

Market risk
framework

Not subject to
capital
requirements or
deducted from
capital

9,467

7,565

73

202,064

537

2,296

216,332

224,716

292,754

292,754

291,603

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

21,814

21,814

Financial assets at fair value through equity

55,242

52,028

39

Loans and advances to credit institutions

24,255

19,081

4,997

Loans and advances to customers

891,806

807,137

27,480

55,716

1,473

Debt securities

120,982

106,771

474

20,125

(5,645)

Items subject to:
Net carrying
values:
prudential scope

Credit risk
framework

288,270

288,270

Securities

212,127

Loans and repurchase agreements

227,038

Derivative financial instruments

In millions of euros

ASSETS
Cash and amounts due from central banks
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss

435

2,779

Financial assets at amortised cost

Remeasurement adjustment on interest‑rate risk hedged
portfolios

(2,661)

Current and deferred tax assets

6,324

6,302

Accrued income and other assets

164,300

30,775

Equity‑method investments

14,351

12,690

1,661

Property, plant and equipment and investment property

9,704

9,349

355

Intangible assets

3,516

1,284

2,232

Goodwill

4,402

TOTAL ASSETS

368

177

2,334,224

(2,661)
22
120,337

11,818

3,078

4,402
1,345,450

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

691,792

76,349

730,201

8,410

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5

31 December 2023
Items subject to:

In millions of euros

Net carrying
values:
prudential scope

Credit risk
framework

Counterparty
credit risk
framework

Securitisation
framework

Market risk
framework

Not subject to
capital
requirements or
deducted from
capital

LIABILITIES
Deposits from central banks

3,374

3,374

Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Securities

104,910

104,910

Deposits and repurchase agreements

273,874

Issued debt securities

83,343

Derivative financial instruments

279,446

279,446

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

37,911

37,911

Deposit from credit institutions

85,590

21,567

64,023

Deposit from customers

993,875

1,289

992,586

Debt securities

184,672

184,672

Subordinated debt

22,965

22,965

(14,175)

(14,175)

3,603

3,603

266,720

266,720

7,153
83,343

277,708

Financial liabilities at amortised cost

Remeasurement adjustment on interest‑rate risk hedged
portfolios
Current and deferred tax liabilities
Accrued expenses and other liabilities

136,890

Provisions for contingencies and charges

9,221

884

TOTAL LIABILITIES

91,406

2,289

5

43,617
8,338

2,205,499

884

698,339

-

651,627

1,399,499

TOTAL CONSOLIDATED EQUITY

128,725

-

-

-

-

128,725

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

2,334,224

884

698,339

-

651,627

1,528,224

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

369

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

The following table shows the main differences between the amounts of accounting exposure on the prudential balance sheet (see previous
table) and the amounts of exposure used for regulatory purposes, based on the different types of risk, except market risk. Indeed, for the latter,
the main regulatory measure used by the Group is Value at Risk (VaR), which reflects the sensitivity of the Bank’s trading book to the different
market parameters (see Market risk exposure section 5.7 Market risk). Therefore the VaR amount does not relate directly to the net carrying
value of the assets and liabilities subject to market risk.

➤ TABLE 10: RECONCILIATION BETWEEN NET CARRYING VALUES UNDER THE PRUDENTIAL SCOPE AND THE EXPOSURE
AMOUNTS CONSIDERED FOR REGULATORY PURPOSES (EU LI2)

31 December 2024
In millions of euros

ASSETS NET CARRYING VALUE

Credit risk
framework

Counterparty credit
risk framework

Securitisation
framework

Market risk
framework

1,323,832

744,865

92,263

808,757

Liabilities net carrying value

(744,841)

Off‑balance sheet amounts net of depreciation

482,214

27,590

Credit risk depreciation amounts

17,664

62

Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (subject to 250%
risk‑weight)(1)

(8,290)

237,847

Differences in valuations due to the use of internal models(2)
Other adjustments
EXPOSURE AMOUNTS CONSIDERED FOR REGULATORY PURPOSES

13,006
1,828,426

237,871

119,915

(1) Includes deferred tax assets depending on future profits and significant participations in financial sector entities, subject to 250% risk‑weight.
(2) The main regulatory measure used by the Group for counterparty risk is the EEPE (Effective Expected Positive Exposure). The features of the valuation model are
described in the paragraph Counterparty risk measurement in section 5.6 Counterparty risk.

31 December 2023
In millions of euros

ASSETS NET CARRYING VALUE

Credit risk
framework

Counterparty credit
risk framework

Securitisation
framework

Market risk
framework

1,345,450

691,792

76,349

730,201

Liabilities net carrying value

(698,339)

Off‑balance sheet amounts net of depreciation

466,318

24,642

Credit risk depreciation amounts

18,167

35

Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (subject to 250%
risk‑weight)(1)

(7,701)

Differences in valuations due to the use of internal models(2)
Other adjustments
EXPOSURE AMOUNTS CONSIDERED FOR REGULATORY PURPOSES

205,836
6,960
1,829,194

199,289

101,026

(1) Includes deferred tax assets depending on future profits and significant participations in financial sector entities, subject to 250% risk‑weight.
(2) The main regulatory measure used by the Group for counterparty risk is the EEPE (Effective Expected Positive Exposure). The features of the valuation model are
described in the paragraph Counterparty risk measurement in section 5.6 Counterparty risk.

370

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

The exposure amounts used for regulatory purposes are presented:
■ in section 5.4 for credit risk;
■ in section 5.5 for securitisation positions in the banking book;
■ in section 5.6 for counterparty credit risk;

5

The risk‑weighted assets reported correspond to the
sub‑consolidation scope of the four subgroups. Thus, BGL
BNP Paribas subgroup is also included in BNP Paribas Fortis
subgroups.
The significant restrictions relating to the Group’s ability to transfer
cash within the entities are described in note 8.f Significant
restrictions in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates to the
consolidated financial statements.

■ in section 5.7 for market risk.

SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES
Aggregate information on the risk‑weighted assets of BNP Paribas’
significant subgroups and subsidiaries are given as Group
contribution in Appendix 4 to this chapter.
The following subgroups are considered significant, based on the
criterion that their risk‑weighted assets amounted to more than 3%
of the Group’s total risk‑weighted assets (excluding entities
consolidated under the equity method) at 31 December 2024:
■ BNP Paribas Fortis;
■ Banca Nazionale del Lavoro (BNL);

Subsidiaries whose prudential requirements are supervised as part
of the consolidated supervision of BNP Paribas SA, in accordance
with article 7.1 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013, are identified in the
scope of consolidation in note 8.k Scope of consolidation to the
consolidated financial statements, under reference (1).
Compliance with capital requirements at the individual level of each
entity that does not have an exemption is verified at the level of
their respective division or business line. As at 31 December 2024,
the Group’s entities had a capital level that complied with regulatory
requirements.

■ BNP Paribas Personal Finance;
■ BGL BNP Paribas.

REGULATORY CAPITAL
The BNP Paribas Group is required to comply with the French
regulation that transposes European Directives on “Access to the
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit
institutions and investment firms” and “Financial conglomerates”.
In the various countries in which the Group operates, BNP Paribas
also complies with specific regulatory ratios in line with procedures
controlled by the relevant supervisory authorities. These ratios
mainly address the issues of capital adequacy, risk concentration,
liquidity and asset/liability mismatches.
As at 1 January 2014, Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013, establishing the
methods for calculating the solvency ratio, defines it as the ratio
between the regulatory capital and the sum of:
■ the amount of risk‑weighted assets for credit and counterparty

risks, calculated using the standardised approach or the
Internal Ratings‑Based Approach (IRBA) depending on the
particular entity or the activity of the Group concerned;
■ capital requirements for market risk, for credit valuation

adjustment risk and for operational risk, multiplied by a factor
of 12.5.

5

BREAKDOWN OF REGULATORY CAPITAL
Regulatory capital is divided into three categories (Common Equity
Tier 1 capital, Additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital), which
consist of equity and debt instruments, to which regulatory
adjustments have been made.

Common Equity Tier 1 capital
Common Equity Tier 1 capital instruments mainly comprise:
■ the consolidated equity attributable to shareholders restated

for the anticipated distribution of results and undated super
subordinated notes, which are ineligible for this category;
■ minority interest reserves of regulated entities, adjusted for

their capitalisation surplus.
The main regulatory adjustments are as follows:
■ gains and losses generated by cash flow hedges;
■ adjustments to the value of instruments measured at fair value

required by prudent valuation;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

371

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

■ goodwill and other intangible assets, net of deferred tax

■ negative difference between the amount of the provision

liabilities. Since 31 December 2020, in accordance with
Regulation (EU) No. 2020/2176, certain software products have
benefited from a specific prudential amortisation allowing the
application of a preferential weighting instead of a deduction
from CET1 capital;

recognised for each non‑performing exposure and the minimum
provisioning level as defined in article 47a of Regulation (EU)
No. 2019/630;

■ net deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability and

arising from tax loss carry‑forwards;

■ securitisation tranches for which the Group has opted for the

own funds deduction instead of a 1,250% weighting.
Treasury shares held or granted a buy‑back authorisation are
deducted from this category.

■ expected losses on equity exposures;
■ share of expected losses on outstanding loans measured using

the Internal Ratings‑Based Approach (IRBA) which is not
covered by provisions and other value adjustments;

➤ TABLE 11: TRANSITION FROM CONSOLIDATED EQUITY TO COMMON EQUITY TIER 1 (CET1) CAPITAL
In millions of euros

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Consolidated equity(1)

133,895

128,725

Undated super subordinated notes ineligible in CET1

(12,207)

(13,549)

Proposed distribution(2)

(6,495)

(6,329)

Ineligible minority interests

(3,228)

(2,852)

(112)

(293)

Additional value adjustments linked to prudent valuation requirements

(1,941)

(1,817)

Goodwill and other intangible assets

(7,649)

(8,055)

(181)

(311)

Negative amounts resulting from the calculation of expected losses

(1,786)

(837)

Other prudential adjustments

(2,169)

(1,824)

COMMON EQUITY TIER 1 (CET1) CAPITAL

98,128

92,857

Changes in the fair value of hedging instruments recognised directly in equity

Net deferred tax assets arising from tax loss carry‑forwards

(1) In 2024, the Group carried out a share buyback programme for a total amount of EUR 1,055 million.
In 2023, the Group carried out a share buyback programme for a total amount of EUR 5 billion, including EUR 4 billion to offset the effect of the dilution of net
earnings per share related to the sale of 100% of its commercial banking activities in the United States by Bank of the West
(2) The planned ordinary distribution at 31 December 2024 takes into account –EUR 1,084 million in respect of the distribution in the form of a share buyback
programme.
The ordinary distribution as at 31 December 2023 included –EUR 1,055 million under a share buyback programme carried out in 2024.

372

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5

The table below shows the calculation of value adjustments applied to instruments measured at fair value, related to the prudent valuation
requirements subject to a deduction from Common Equity Tier 1 capital.

➤ TABLE 12: VALUE ADJUSTMENTS RELATED TO PRUDENT VALUATION (PVA) (EU PV1)
a

b

c

d

e

EU e1

EU e2

f

g

h

31 December 2024
Risk category

In millions of euros

Equity

Interest
rates

1

Market price uncertainty

1,225

196

21

234

13

3

Close‑out cost

468

218

23

195

4

Concentrated positions

217

150

14

26

5

Early termination

9

1

6

Model risk

95

72

6

41

7

Operational risk
107

17

34

35

10 Future administrative costs

Total category level
post‑diversification

Category level AVA –
Valuation uncertainty

Foreign
exchange

Credit Commodities

Unearned
credit
spreads
AVA

Investment and
funding costs
AVA

25

35

759

232

527

21

435

415

20

12

419

284

135

11

10

1

93

93

192

192

1,941

1,227

f

g

1
107

TOTAL ADDITIONAL VALUATION
12 ADJUSTMENTS (AVAS)

a

b

Of which: Of which:
Total core Total core
approach in approach in
the trading the banking
book
book

c

d

e

EU e1

EU e2

714

5

h

31 December 2023

In millions of euros

Equity

Interest
rates

1

Market price uncertainty

1,138

176

16

181

22

3

Close‑out cost

386

295

32

210

4

Concentrated positions

238

135

12

44

5

Early termination

6

1

6

Model risk

105

107

8

77

7

Operational risk
82

6

33

37

10 Future administrative costs
TOTAL ADDITIONAL VALUATION
12 ADJUSTMENTS (AVAS)

Total category level
post‑diversification

Category level AVA –
Valuation uncertainty

Risk category

Foreign
exchange

Credit Commodities

Unearned
credit
spreads
AVA

Investment and
funding costs
AVA

35

30

Of which: Of which:
Total core Total core
approach in approach in
the trading the banking
book
book
645

172

473

27

438

391

47

7

436

328

107

9

8

1

130

130

159

159

1,817

1,188

1
130

629

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

373

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

Additional Tier 1 capital

Tier 2 capital

Additional Tier 1 capital is mainly composed of subordinated debt
instruments with the following characteristics:

Tier 2 capital is composed of subordinated debt with no buy back
incentive, as well as non‑eligible minority reserves in Tier 1 capital
within their limit of eligibility. A prudential discount is applied to the
subordinated debt with less than five years of residual maturity.

■ they are perpetual and include no redemption incentive;
■ they are not held by the Bank, its subsidiaries or any company

in which the Group holds 20% or more of the capital;

Prudential deductions from Tier 2 capital primarily concern:

■ they have a capacity to absorb losses;

■ Tier 2 capital components in significant financial entities;

■ they may include a buy back option, five years after the issue

■ Tier 2 own capital instrument buy back authorisations.

date at the earliest, exercisable at the issuer’s discretion
(subject to authorisation by the supervisor);
■ they have remuneration arising from distributable elements

that may be cancelled, with no requirements for the Bank.
This category is also composed of non‑eligible minority reserves in
common equity within their limit of eligibility.
Authorisations to redeem Additional Tier 1 own capital instruments
are deducted from this category.

Composition and evolution of regulatory capital
The detail of regulatory capital and regulatory adjustments is
presented in Appendix 2 Regulatory capital – Detail.
The table presenting the details of the debt instruments recognised
as capital, as well as their characteristics, in accordance with the
template (EU CCA) required by implementing Regulation
No. 2021/637, is available in the BNP Paribas Debt section of the
Investor Relations website: https://invest.bnpparibas/en/search/debt/
documents/documentation‑on‑programs‑and‑issuances.

➤ TABLE 13: REGULATORY CAPITAL
In millions of euros

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

20,202

21,253

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital: instruments and reserves(1)
Capital instruments and the related share premium accounts
of which ordinary shares

20,202

21,253

Retained earnings(2)

87,453

82,257

Accumulated other comprehensive income (and other reserves, to include unrealised gains
and losses under the applicable accounting standards)

(2,277)

(2,809)

Minority interests (amount allowed in consolidated CET1)

2,448

2,048

Independently reviewed interim profits net of any foreseeable charge or distribution(3)

4,406

3,970

COMMON EQUITY TIER 1 (CET1) CAPITAL BEFORE REGULATORY ADJUSTMENTS

112,231

106,719

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital: regulatory adjustments

(14,103)

(13,862)

COMMON EQUITY TIER 1 (CET1) CAPITAL

98,128

92,857

Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital: instruments

16,124

15,150

Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital: regulatory adjustments

(484)

(506)

ADDITIONAL TIER 1 (AT1) CAPITAL

15,640

14,644

TIER 1 CAPITAL (T1 = CET1 + AT1)

113,768

107,501

Tier 2 (T2) capital: instruments and provisions(4)

20,683

17,476

Tier 2 (T2) capital: regulatory adjustments

(3,870)

(3,233)

TIER 2 (T2) CAPITAL

16,813

14,243

TOTAL CAPITAL (TC = T1 + T2)

130,581

121,744

(1) Including as at 31 December 2024, -EUR 1,055 million in capital reduction related to the cancellation at 6 May 2024 of shares acquired in connection with the
implementation of the 2024 share buyback programme carried out in full in 2024.
Including as at 31 December 2023, -EUR 5 billion in capital reduction related to the cancellation in 2023 of shares acquired in connection with the implementation of
the 2023 share buyback programme carried out in full in 2023.
(2) Taking into account, as at 31 December 2023, an anticipated distribution of 60% (of which -EUR 1,055 million in the form of share buybacks) in respect of distributable
income after taking into account the compensation cost of undated super subordinated notes.
(3) Taking into account, as at 31 December 2024, a 60% proposed distribution of results (of which -EUR 1,084 million in the form of share buybacks) in respect of
distributable income after taking into account the compensation cost of undated super subordinated notes subject to usual conditions.
(4) In accordance with the applicable eligibility rules for grandfathered debt in Tier 2 capital.

374

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5

➤ TABLE 14: CHANGE IN REGULATORY CAPITAL
31 December 2024

In millions of euros

COMMON EQUITY TIER 1 (CET1) CAPITAL

92,857

31 December 2023
Common Equity Tier 1 capital: instruments and reserves

5,512

Capital instruments and the related share premium accounts

(1,052)

of which ordinary shares

(1,052)

Retained earnings

5,195

Accumulated other comprehensive income

532

Minority interests (amounts allowed in consolidated CET1)

400
(1)

Independently reviewed interim profits net of any foreseeable charge or distribution

436

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital: regulatory adjustments

(241)

of which additional value adjustments

(124)

of which intangible assets

406

of which net deferred tax assets depending on future profits excluding these arising from temporary differences

130

of which fair value reserves related to gains or losses on cash flow hedges

181

of which negative amounts resulting from the calculation of expected loss amounts

(799)

of which gains or losses on liabilities valued at fair value resulting from changes in own credit standing

434

of which securitisation positions deducted from own funds

(154)

of which other adjustments

(317)

31 December 2024

98,128

5

ADDITIONAL TIER 1 CAPITAL(2)
31 December 2023

14,644

Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital: instruments(2)

974

Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital: regulatory adjustments

22

Loans to credit or financial institutions more than 10%-owned
Others

22

31 December 2024

15,640

TIER 2 CAPITAL(2)
31 December 2023

14,243

Tier 2 (T2) capital: instruments and provisions(2)

3,207

Tier 2 (T2) capital: regulatory adjustments

(637)

Loans to credit or financial institutions more than 10%-owned

(653)

Others

17

31 December 2024

16,813

(1) Taking into account a 60% proposed distribution of result (including -EUR 1,084 million in the form of share buybacks) in respect of distributable income after taking
into account the interest expense of undated super subordinated notes subject to usual conditions.
(2) In accordance with the eligibility rules for grandfathered debt in additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital applicable.

➤ TABLE 15: CHANGE IN ELIGIBLE DEBT FOR THE CONSTITUTION OF EQUITY
In millions of euros

Tier 1

Tier 2

31 December 2023

14,901

17,286

New issues

2,288

4,974

Redemptions

(1,511)

(324)

Prudential discount
Others
31 December 2024

(1,824)
193

323

15,872

20,435

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

375

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

Transitional arrangements relating
to regulatory capital
Under Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (CRR), the calculation methods
introduced by Basel 3 were implemented gradually until 1 January
2022. Since 2019, the items still subject to these transitional
arrangements were subordinated debt issued prior to 31 December
2011, eligible under prior regulations but not eligible under CRR after
the end of the transition period, to which a declining eligibility
threshold applied. These transitional arrangements expired on
1 January 2022, and the instruments concerned were all called, with
the exception of one Tier 1 instrument and five Tier 2 instruments,
all of which had no prudential value as at 31 December 2024.
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (CRR 2), which came into force on
27 June 2019, introduces additional eligibility criteria for Tier 1 and 2
regulatory capital which supplement those provided for by
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013. Instruments that were previously
eligible under CRR, although not fulfilling these additional
requirements may, eventually, be recognised in a less subordinated
category, for a transitional period that may extend up to 28 June
2025. A Tier 2 capital instrument of EUR 31 million lost its eligibility
on 1 January 2022, as issued by an ad hoc entity (article 63(a) CRR).
In addition, at 31 December 2024, there were no longer any Tier 1
capital instruments eligible for the transitional arrangements in

376

force until 28 June 2025, because they were issued under the law of
countries outside the European Union without a bail‑in clause
(articles 52(1)(p) and 63(n) CRR); the stock of Tier 2 capital
instruments eligible for the same provisions amounted to
EUR 1.2 billion.
The details of the instruments concerned by these transitional
provisions, describing their eligibility period and the main
characteristics in relation to the CRR/CRR 2 Regulations and the
EBA’s opinion published on 21 October 2020, on the appropriate
treatment of instruments ineligible at the end of 2021 in relation to
the CRR criteria, are available on the Group’s investor relations
website:
https://invest.bnpparibas/en/search/debt/documents/
documentation‑on‑programs‑and‑issuances.
Regulation (EU) No. 2017/2395 and Regulation (EU) No. 2020/873
define the transitional measures relating to the introduction of
IFRS 9. These measures mitigate the impact of the increase in
expected credit losses related to the application of new standard on
CET1 capital until 2024. The Group has been applying these
transitional measures since 31 March 2020 in accordance with the
ECB recommendation. The Bank has opted for the arrangements
relating to the calculation of the exposure value calculated under the
standardised
approach,
defined
in
paragraph 4
and
paragraph 7 point b) in article 473a.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5

➤ TABLE 16: EFFECT OF THE APPLICATION OF TRANSITIONAL ARRANGEMENTS
FOR IFRS 9 ACCOUNTING STANDARD (EU IFRS9‑FL)

In millions of euros

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

98,128

92,857

Available capital
1

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital

2

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital as if IFRS 9 transitional arrangements had not been applied

98,128

92,857

3

Tier 1 capital

113,768

107,501

4

Tier 1 capital as if IFRS 9 transitional arrangements had not been applied

113,768

107,501

5

Total capital

130,581

121,744

6

Total capital as if IFRS 9 transitional arrangements had not been applied

130,581

121,744

Risk‑weighted assets
7

Risk‑weighted assets

762,247

703,694

8

Risk‑weighted assets as if IFRS 9 transitional arrangements had not been applied

762,247

703,694

Capital ratios
9

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital

12.87%

13.20%

10

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital as if IFRS 9 transitional arrangements had not been applied

12.87%

13.20%

11

Tier 1 capital

14.93%

15.28%

12

Tier 1 capital as if IFRS 9 transitional arrangements had not been applied

14.93%

15.28%

13

Total capital

17.13%

17.30%

14

Total capital as if IFRS 9 transitional arrangements had not been applied

17.13%

17.30%

Leverage ratios
15

Leverage ratio total exposure measure

2,464,334

2,346,500

16

Leverage ratio

4.62%

4.58%

17

Leverage ratio as if IFRS 9 transitional arrangements had not been applied

4.62%

4.58%

5

The Group did not apply the provisions pursuant to article 468 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as amended by the Regulation (EU) No.
2020/873 and Regulation (EU) No. 2024/1623 relating to the temporary treatment of unrealised gains or losses on financial instruments at fair
value through equity issued by central, regional or local governments.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

377

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

CAPITAL REQUIREMENT AND RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS
The table below shows risk‑weighted assets and capital requirement by risk type. Capital requirements make up 8% of risk‑weighted assets.

➤ TABLE 17: OVERVIEW OF RISK‑WEIGHTED EXPOSURE AMOUNTS (EU OV1)
a

b

c

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

RWAs Capital requirements
In millions of euros

31 December 2024

1

Credit risk

579,602

535,141

46,368 Details in section 5.4

2

of which standardised approach

227,092

188,191

18,167

3

of which foundation IRB (FIRB) approach

4

of which slotting approach

EU 4a

of which equities under the simple weighting approach

38,949

45,941

3,116

5

of which advanced IRB (A‑IRB) approach

311,061

287,009

24,885

of which other risk exposure

2,500

14,000

200

6

Counterparty credit risk

48,097

45,025

7

of which SACCR (Derivatives)

3,158

3,287

253

8

of which internal model method (IMM)

31,554

28,904

2,524

EU 8a

of which exposures to CCP related to clearing activities

8,827

7,193

706

EU 8b

of which CVA

4,084

5,189

327

9

of which other

474

452

38

15

Settlement risk

40

8

3

16

Securitisation exposures in the banking book

20,697

16,589

17

of which internal ratings‑based approach (SEC‑IRBA)

11,308

8,829

18

of which external ratings‑based approach (SEC‑ERBA)

1,565

1,258

125

19

of which standardised approach (SEC‑SA)

7,824

6,502

626

EU 19a

of which exposures weighted at 1,250%
(or deducted from own funds)(1)

20

Market risk

28,123

28,783

21

of which standardised approach

7,968

9,768

637

22

of which internal model approach (IMA)

20,155

19,015

1,612

23

Operational risk

64,964

58,897

5,197 Details in section 5.9

EU 23a

of which basic indicator approach

9,137

3,911

EU 23b of which standardised approach

11,094

10,215

887

EU 23c

of which advanced measurement approach (AMA)

44,733

44,771

3,579

24

Amounts below the thresholds for deduction
(subject to 250% risk weight)

20,724

19,252

1,658

29

TOTAL

762,247

703,694

60,980

3,848 Details in section 5.6

1,656 Details in section 5.5
905

2,250 Details in section 5.7

731

(1) The Group opted for the deductive approach rather than a weighting of 1,250%. The amount of securitisation exposures in the banking book deducted
from own funds stood at EUR 402 million at 31 December 2024 (EUR 270 million at 31 December 2023).

378

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5

RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS MOVEMENTS IN 2024

The Group’s total risk‑weighted assets amounted to
EUR 762.2 billion at 31 December 2024 compared with
EUR 703.7 billion at 31 December 2023. At 31 December 2024,
risk‑weighted assets calculated using the internal model
represented 56% of the Group’s risk‑weighted assets.

The change in risk‑weighted assets can be broken down into the
following effects:
■ asset size effect: impact stemming from the variation in

exposures (EAD) and impact related to the efficient
securitisation programmes and credit insurance initiated by the
Group;

The breakdown of risk‑weighted assets by risk type is presented in
the various appropriate sections.
Amounts below the thresholds for prudential capital deduction are
assets weighted at 250% pursuant to article 48 of Regulation (EU)
No. 575/2013. These mainly include:

■ asset quality effect: impact stemming from the change in risk

parameters (Probability of Default, Loss Given Default for the
internal ratings‑based approach, and risk weighting for the
standardised approach, etc.);

■ credit or financial institutions consolidated under the equity

method, except for insurance entities consolidated under the
equity method in the prudential scope, which are weighted
using the simple weighting method;

■ model update effect: impact stemming from changes in the use

of internal models (introduction of a new model, deployment on
a new exposure scope, annual recalibration or review of risk
parameters, application of add‑ons, etc.);

■ significant financial interests in credit or financial institutions in

which the Group holds a stake of more than 10%;

■ methodology and policy effect: impact stemming from changes

■ deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability and arise

in methodology and the establishment of new regulatory
requirements having an impact on the calculation of
risk‑weighted assets;

from temporary differences.
Settlement risk is defined in article 378 of Regulation (EU)
No. 575/2013 as the risk of loss of value related to a delay in the
settlement of securities transactions. As at 31 December 2024, the
risk‑weighted assets with respect to this risk were not significant for
the Group at EUR 40 million.

■ acquisition and disposal effect: impact stemming from changes

in the scope of consolidation;
■ currency effect: impact stemming from fluctuations in foreign
exchange rates on exposures.

➤ TABLE 18: RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS MOVEMENTS BY KEY DRIVER

5

Key driver
RWAs

31 December
2023

Asset
size

Asset
quality

Model
updates

Credit risk

535,141

9,044

(1,194)

12,960

Counterparty credit risk

45,025

564

1,509

1,762

In millions of euros

Settlement risk

Methodology Acquisitions
and policy and disposals
1,414

13,632

Currency

Other

Total 31 December
variation
2024

6,191

2,412

44,461

579,602

48

(810)

3,072

48,097

33

33

40

8

Banking book securitisation
positions

16,589

2,265

390

Market risk

28,783

1,603

(353)

Operational risk

58,897

2,240

(114)

Amounts below the
thresholds for deduction
(subject to 250% risk
weight)

19,252

854

1

TOTAL

703,694

16,571

239

566

(37)

14,686

1,414

888

4,108

20,697

(144)

(1,766)

(660)

28,123

3,993

(15)

6,067

64,964

1,014

(398)

1,472

20,724

343

58,553

762,247

18,496

6,804

The main reasons explaining the +EUR 59 billion increase in
risk‑weighted assets in 2024 are:

■ a +EUR 16 billion increase linked to the updating of models and

■ an +EUR 18 billion increase in perimeter effects, mainly linked
to the impact of risk‑weighted assets related to the full
consolidation within the prudential scope since 1 July 2024 of
the entities of the Arval business under exclusive control;

■ a +EUR 7 billion increase due to currency effects, linked to the

regulations;
appreciation of the US dollar.
Comments on the main changes in 2024 for each type of risk are
detailed in the various appropriate sections.

■ a +EUR 17 billion increase in line with business activity net of

the impact of the efficient securitisation transactions initiated
by the Group;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

379

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

BREAKDOWN OF RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS BY BUSINESS LINE
➤ TABLE 19: RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS BY RISK TYPE AND BUSINESS
31 December 2024
Corporate & Institutional Banking
RWAs
In millions of euros

Credit risk

Global Banking Global Markets

Commercial, Personal
Banking & Services

Securities
Services

Commercial
& Personal
Banking

Specialised
Businesses

Investment
& Protection
Services

Corporate
center

Total

122,171

13,670

4,302

230,906

125,959

42,536

40,057

579,602

of which standardised approach

6,450

3,237

488

85,978

113,857

13,760

3,321

227,092

of which advanced IRB approach

114,061

8,751

3,691

138,139

10,509

6,306

29,604

311,061

1,659

1,682

124

6,789

1,593

22,469

4,632

38,949

2,500

2,500

of which equity positions under the simple
weighting method
of which other risk exposure
Counterparty credit risk

783

41,016

3

2,270

of which internal model method (IMM)

199

27,117

1,631

of which exposures to CCP related
to clearing activities

522

7,359

744

of which CVA

14

3,845

9

of which other

45

426

3

Settlement risk

-

40

-

-

-

-

-

40

Securitisation exposures in the banking
book

9,929

6,803

-

3,185

355

84

340

20,697

of which internal ratings‑based approach
(SEC‑IRBA)

6,003

2,177

3,098

31

of which standardised approach (SEC‑SA)

3,573

3,976

87

164

of which external ratings‑based approach
(SEC‑ERBA)

353

649

Market risk

2,781

20,516

359

of which standardised approach

2,774

1,962

7

of which SACCR (Derivatives)

2,080

130

338

1,363

48,097

538

56

286

6

3,158

1,134

31,554

202

8,827

21

4,084

1,472

70

74

51

474

11,308
23

7,824

161

84

317

1,565

3,670

398

175

224

28,123

53

2,414

398

143

224

7,968

18,554

306

1,256

10,373

14,163

4,197

18,137

14,472

3,663

(41)

64,964

of which basic indicator approach

461

481

276

2,004

5,588

401

(73)

9,137

of which standardised approach

1,748

1,710

406

3,540

3,172

375

142

11,094

of which advanced measurement approach
(AMA)

8,164

11,973

3,514

12,593

5,713

2,887

(110)

44,733

Amounts below the thresholds
for deduction (subject to 250% risk weight)

13

114

280

10,204

2,778

940

6,394

20,724

146,050

96,323

11,524

268,183

144,093

47,736

48,338

762,247

of which internal model approach (IMA)
Operational risk

TOTAL

380

2,386

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

33

20,155

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5

31 December 2023
Corporate & Institutional Banking
RWAs
In millions of euros

Credit risk

Global Banking Global Markets

Commercial, Personal
Banking & Services

Securities
Services

Commercial
& Personal
Banking

Specialised
Businesses

Investment
& Protection
Services

Corporate
center

Total

117,212

11,521

4,291

223,157

108,619

35,962

34,378

535,141

of which standardised approach

9,858

2,712

826

78,162

80,327

12,360

3,946

188,191

of which advanced IRB approach

106,062

7,584

3,347

139,300

15,399

4,637

10,681

287,009

1,292

1,226

119

5,696

12,893

18,965

5,751

45,941

14,000

14,000

of which equity positions under the simple
weighting method
of which other risk exposure
Counterparty credit risk

1,022

39,817

5

2,242

of which internal model method (IMM)

432

26,228

1,117

of which exposures to CCP related
to clearing activities

469

6,044

607

of which CVA

83

4,886

16

of which other

33

416

3

Settlement risk

-

8

-

-

-

-

-

8

Securitisation exposures in the banking
book

7,713

5,411

-

2,836

241

100

289

16,589

of which internal ratings‑based approach
(SEC‑IRBA)

4,474

1,568

2,742

45

of which standardised approach (SEC‑SA)

3,082

3,316

93

of which external ratings‑based approach
(SEC‑ERBA)

157

526

Market risk

4,668

19,279

140

of which standardised approach

4,592

1,654

76

of which SACCR (Derivatives)

of which internal model approach (IMA)
Operational risk

1,743

2,038

143

285

(22)

45,025

701

89

242

7

3,287

(126)

28,904

73

7,193

24

5,189

1,253

84

53

42

452

8,829
10

6,502

196

100

279

1,258

2,936

219

199

1,343

28,783

5

1,791

219

163

1,343

9,768

17,624

135

1,145

36

19,015

10,113

13,956

4,081

16,981

10,090

3,659

18

58,897

of which basic indicator approach

343

419

233

1,725

902

315

(25)

3,911

of which standardised approach

1,470

1,502

363

2,928

3,318

426

209

10,215

of which advanced measurement approach
(AMA)

8,299

12,035

3,485

12,328

5,870

2,918

(166)

44,771

Amounts below the thresholds
for deduction (subject to 250% risk weight)

4

98

331

8,034

2,855

903

7,027

19,252

140,732

90,088

10,586

255,983

122,167

41,107

43,032

703,694

TOTAL

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

381

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

The breakdown of risk‑weighted assets by domain reflects the
Group’s diversified business mix, with 54% devoted to Commercial,
Personal Banking & Services (Including 35% for Commercial &
Personal Banking and 19% for Specialised Businesses), 34% to
Corporate & Institutional Banking, 6% to Investment & Protection
Services and 6% to Corporate Center.
The increase in the Group’s risk‑weighted assets was EUR
58.6 billion over 2024, with:
■ a EUR 21.9 billion increase in Specialised Businesses, driven by

Arval, linked to the impact of the full consolidation within
prudential scope since 1 July 2024 of the entities of the Arval
busoness under exclusive control;
■ a EUR 12.5 billion increase in Corporate & Institutional Banking,

including EUR 6.2 billion in Global Markets and EUR 5.3 billion
in Global Banking;

382

■ a EUR 12.2 billion increase in Commercial & Personal Banking,

mainly driven by Europe‑Mediterranean;
■ a EUR 6.6 billion increase in Investment & Protection Services

mainly driven by Insurance.

Transitional arrangements relating
to risk‑weighted assets
Since 31 March 2020, the Group applies the provisions of Regulation
(EU) No. 2017/2395 on transitional measures relating to the
introduction of IFRS 9 for the calculation of risk‑weighted assets for
credit risk. Since 30 June 2020, the Group has also applied the
provisions of Regulation (EU) No. 2020/875 supplementing these
transitional measures (see Table 16: Effect of the application of the
transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 accounting standard).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5

CAPITAL ADEQUACY AND CAPITAL PLANNING
As a result, the G‑SIB buffer requirement for the Group
applying from 1 January 2024 remains unchanged compared
to the previous requirement, at 1.5% of the total amount of
risk exposures.

CAPITAL ADEQUACY
The BNP Paribas Group is required to comply with a range of
regulations:
■ European banking regulations under the CRR and CRD, which

The next update of the Group’s G‑SIBs at 31 December 2024
will be published in April 2025 and in the 1st update to the
Universal registration document,

also cover banking supervision;
■ regulations relating to financial conglomerates in respect of

additional supervision of its banking and insurance activities.
BNP Paribas’ insurance business is governed by Solvency II
insurance regulations.
Within the context of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, the ECB
thus became the direct supervisor of BNP Paribas as of 4 November
2014. The ECB draws on the competent national supervisory
authorities in fulfilling this role.

Requirements under banking regulations
and supervision

the buffer for Domestic Systemically Important Banks
(D‑SIBs) aims to strengthen the capital requirements for
institutions whose failure would have an impact on their
national economy. The D‑SIB buffer for BNP Paribas is set at
1.5% until to 2025;

■ the systemic risk buffer aims to limit systemic or macro

prudential non‑cyclical risks in the long term. This is not
significant for the Group;
■ the countercyclical capital buffer is defined as a surcharge of

With respect to Pillar 1, the Group is required to meet:
■ a minimum Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of 4.5%;
■ a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 6%;
■ a minimum Total capital ratio of 8%.

Additional requirements known as buffers
In addition to the minimum capital requirements regarding Pillar 1,
BNP Paribas has to maintain additional CET1 capital buffers:
■ the capital conservation buffer is equal to 2.5% of the

risk‑weighted assets. The aim of this buffer is to absorb losses
in a situation of intense economic stress;
■ the following two buffers were defined to limit systemic

institution failure risk. Only the highest of these two buffers is
applicable:
■

■

the buffer for Global Systemically Important Banks (G‑SIBs)
consists of a surcharge of CET1 capital defined by the
Financial Stability Board, based on the methodology
developed by the Basel Committee, which corresponds to the
global systemic importance of banks. Global systemic
importance is measured in terms of the impact a bank’s
failure can have on the global financial system and the wider
economy.
The measurement approach of the global systemic
importance is indicator‑based. The selected indicators reflect
the size of banks, their interconnectedness, the use of
banking information systems for the services they provide,
their global cross‑jurisdictional activity and their complexity.
The methodology is described in the document published in
July 2013 by the Basel Committee, entitled Global
systemically important banks: updated assessment
methodology and the higher loss absorbency requirement
(BCBS 255).
The values of G‑SIBs indicators at 31 December 2023 are
presented in GSIB1 format in Appendix 3 Countercyclical
capital buffers and G‑SIB buffer.
The Group received notification from the Autorité de contrôle
prudentiel et de résolution (ACPR), dated 27 November 2024,
that it was on the 2024 list of global systemically important
financial institutions in sub‑category 2, corresponding to its
score in the database at end 2023.

CET1 capital, whose purpose is to adjust over time to increase
the capital requirements in periods when credit growth is
accelerating and reduce them in slower periods. A rate may be
activated in each country by a discretionary decision from the
appointed national authority. In view of the notified rates by
country, the BNP Paribas countercyclical capital buffer was
0.67% at 31 December 2024 compared with 0.40% at
31 December 2023 (see Appendix 3 Countercyclical Capital
Buffer and G‑SIB Buffer).

5

Pillar 2 requirement
With respect to supervision, the second Pillar of the Basel Agreement
provides that the supervisor shall determine whether the policies,
strategies, procedures and arrangements implemented by the Group,
on the one hand, and the capital held, on the other hand, are
adequate for risk management and risk coverage purposes. This
evaluation exercise by the supervisors to determine the adequacy of
mechanisms and capital with respect to bank risk levels is
designated in the regulations under the term SREP (Supervisory
Review and Evaluation Process).
ICAAP (Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process) is the process
by which institutions assess the adequacy of their own funds with
their internal measurements of the capital needed to cover the risks
generated by their usual activities. ICAAP is used for the annual SREP.
Within the BNP Paribas Group, the ICAAP is based on two key
principles, as articulated in the European Central Bank’s Guide on
ICAAP: the assessment of the Group’s adequate level of available
capital to cover the capital needed in the internal perspective, and
the forward‑looking capital planning.
In the ICAAP, the adequacy of available capital to the risks borne by
the Group is assessed in the internal perspective, using a
comprehensive quantification of the capital needs generated by the
Pillar 1 risks specified by Basel regulations, as well as by the Pillar 2
risks identified as material within the framework of the Group’s risk
identification system. In this perspective, capital needs to cover
Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 risks are assessed using internal quantitative
approaches, supplemented, as necessary, by qualitative approaches
and dedicated monitoring frameworks.
Capital planning is based on the most recent actual and estimated
financial data available at the time. This data is used to project
future capital resources and requirements, in particular by taking
into account regulatory requirements, factoring in the Group’s goal
of maintaining a first‑class credit rating to protect its origination

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

383

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

capability, its business development targets and anticipated
regulatory changes.

■ 1.44% for Tier 1 capital;

Capital planning consists in comparing regulatory requirements and
the capital ratio targets defined by the Group with future projected
capital requirements, then testing their robustness in different
scenarios, including stressed macroeconomic environments.

The leverage ratio requirement that the Group must comply with on
a consolidated basis since 1 January 2024 is 3.85% (excluding Pillar 2
guidance) including a P2R of 0.10%.

Notification of SREP results

The Group’s CET1 ratio, Tier 1 ratio and total capital ratio must at all
times satisfy the following requirements corresponding to the limits
of applicable distribution restrictions (Maximum Distributable
Amount – MDA):

The results of the SREP process are notified annually to BNP Paribas
Executive Management by the ECB. The requirements applying for
the year 2024 were notified on 1 December 2024.
The SREP decision comprises two items: a requirement known as the
“Pillar 2 requirement” (“P2R”), and a non‑public guidance called
“Pillar 2 guidance” (“P2G”). Following the SREP assessment
conducted by the ECB in 2024, the requirements that the Group must
meet under Pillar 2 since 1 January 2025 are the following:

■ 1.84% for total capital.

Capital requirements

■ the minimum CET1 ratio, Tier 1 ratio and total capital ratio,

respectively, in accordance with article 92 (1) points a), b) and
c) of the CRR;
■ the Pillar 2 requirement;
■ the combined buffer requirement defined in article 128 (6) of

CRD 5, as transposed into the respective national law.

■ 1.14% for CET1 capital;

➤ TABLE 20: OVERALL CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS
31 December 2024

31 December 2025

CET1: Minimum requirements (Pillar 1)

4.50%

4.50%

CET1: Pillar 2 requirement(1)

1.11%

1.14%

Combined Buffer Requirement

4.72%

4.81%

of which capital conservation buffer

2.50%

2.50%

of which G‑SIB buffer

1.50%

1.50%

of which countercyclical capital buffer(2)

0.67%

0.72%

of which systemic capital buffer(3)

0.04%

0.09%

OVERALL CET1 CAPITAL REQUIREMENT

10.33%

10.45%

Tier 1 (CET1 + AT1): Minimum requirement (Pillar 1)

6.00%

6.00%

Tier 1: Pillar 2 requirement(1)

1.40%

1.44%

Combined Buffer Requirement

4.72%

4.81%

OVERALL TIER 1 CAPITAL REQUIREMENT

12.11%

12.25%

Total capital: Tier 1 (CET1 + AT1): Minimum requirement (Pillar 1)

8.00%

8.00%

Total capital: Pillar 2 requirement(1)

1.77%

1.84%

Combined Buffer Requirement

4.72%

4.81%

OVERALL TOTAL CAPITAL REQUIREMENT

14.49%

14.65%

(1) Only the Pillar 2 requirement is made public. Since 2020, the P2R has taken into account the application of article 104a of Directive (EU) No 2019/878.
(2) Countercyclical capital buffers as at 31 December 2024 and anticipated as at 31 December 2025 take into account the applicable rate increases applicable in 2025
(see Appendix 3: Countercyclical capital buffer and G‑SIB buffer.
(3) Implementation of a systemic risk buffer in Italy since 31 December 2024 equivalent to 0.5% of credit and counterparty RWA in Italy and 1% from 30 June 2025
(reciprocity measure taken by HCSF on 17 October 2024).

The CET1 capital requirement was 10.33% at 31 December 2024
(excluding Pillar 2 guidance), in view of the capital conservation
buffer at 2.5%, a G‑SIB buffer at 1.5%, a Pillar 2 requirement at 1.11%,
the countercyclical buffer at 0.67% and a systemic risk buffer at
0.04%.

■ the 2024 results after taking a 60% payout ratio into account,

At 31 December 2024, BNP Paribas’ CET1 ratio stood at 12.87% (1),
well above the minimum requirement level applicable in 2024
notified by the European Central Bank. Compared to 31 December
2023, the CET1 ratio had decreased by around 30 basis points as
at 31 December 2024, which is mainly explained by:

■ the impact of updating of models and regulations (-25 bps);

net of the risk‑weighted assets intrinsic growth (+30 bps);
■ the

optimising of risk‑weighted
implementation of securitisation
programmes (+10 bps);

■ the redeployment of the proceeds from the sale of Bank of the

■ the effect of the full consolidation within the prudential scope

sine 1 July 2024 of the entities of Arval business under exclusive
control (30 bps);

(1) CRD 5, including IFRS 9 transitional arrangements.

384

assets linked to the
and credit insurance

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

West (-15 bps).

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5

➤ FIGURE 5: MDA RESTRICTION THRESHOLD
Capital and leverage
requirements as
at 12/31/24

14.49%
12.11%

10.33%

0.04%
0.67%

0.04%
0.67%

1.50%

1.50%

2.50%

2.50%

1.40%

0.04%
0.67%
1.50%
2.50%
1.77%
Systemic risk buffer

3.85%

Countercyclical buffer

1.11%

G-SIB buffer

8.00%
Capital
ratios
based
on RWA

0.75%
0.10%

6.00%

4.50%

Leverage ratio
based on
leverage
exposure

3.00%

Conservation buffer
Pillar 2 requirement
Pillar 1

CET1

Tier 1

Total Capital

Leverage

12.9%

14.9%

17.1%

4.6%

BNP Paribas Capital ratios as at 31 December 2024

250 bps
€19.4 bn

280 bps
€21.4 bn

260 bps
€20.1 bn

80 bps
€18.9 bn

Distance as at 31 December 2024 to Maximum
Distributable Amount restrictions

5
As a reminder, since 1 January 2022, the Group is subject to a
restriction threshold applicable to distributions on the basis of the
MREL requirement (M‑MDA, see paragraph MREL). This constraint is
non‑biding because it is higher than the distance to the distribution
restriction thresholds.
Since 1 January 2023, the Group is subject to a restriction threshold
applicable to distributions on the basis of the leverage ratio
requirement (L‑MDA, see paragraph Leverage ratio).
The capital surplus over the thresholds for distribution restriction is
the lesser of the four amounts calculated respectively in relation to
CET1, Tier 1, total capital and leverage ratio requirements based on
exposure. At 31 December 2024, the excess of total capital over the
restriction
thresholds
applicable
to
distributions
was
EUR 18.9 billion.
BNP Paribas ratios are monitored and managed centrally, on a
consolidated basis. Where a French or international entity is
required to comply with banking regulations at its own level, its
ratios are also monitored and managed directly by the entity (see
paragraph Capital management at local level).

Requirements applicable to the Insurance business
BNP Paribas’ insurance business is governed by Solvency II, the
standard for calculating the solvency coverage ratio
(Directive 2009/138/EC as transposed into French law).
The objective of Solvency II is to:
■ integrate the concepts of risks and risk appetite;
■ harmonise the insurance regulatory regimes across Europe;
■ give more power to supervisory authorities.

Solvency II is based on three pillars that aim to:
■ Pillar 1: assess solvency using what is known as an economic

capital‑based approach;
■ Pillar 2: implement qualitative requirements, i.e. governance

and risk management rules that include a forward‑looking
approach to risk assessment. This assessment is called ORSA
(Own Risk & Solvency Assessment);
■ Pillar 3: improve the transparency of the insurance business by

making solvency the cornerstone of disclosures to the public
and the supervisory authority.
The BNP Paribas Cardif group complies with this regulation both in
terms of risk management and governance, as well as calculation
and reporting. Solvency II‑related data as at 31 December 2022 are
available in the Solvency and Financial Condition Report (SFCR) for
the BNP Paribas Cardif group, published on the institutional website
https://www.bnpparibascardif.com/en/financial‑informations.
Insurance risks are introduced in section 5.10 Insurance risks.
Solvency II sets out two capital requirements:
■ the Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR);
■ the Minimum Capital Required (MCR) or, for groups, the SCR

Group Minimum.
The SCR (Solvency Capital Requirement) is the level of own funds
required to absorb a full series of impacts after accounting for the
correlation between risks. It is calibrated to cover such an event with
a return period of 200 years within a one‑year timescale (Value at
Risk at 99.5%). The BNP Paribas Cardif SCR is evaluated by means of
the standard formula laid down by the regulation.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

385

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

The capital management policy of BNP Paribas Cardif aims notably
to ensure that the prudential solvency requirements are met, to
cover at least 100% of the SCR defined within the scope of the ORSA
assessment and to structure own funds so that the best balance can
be found between the share capital, subordinated debt and other
own funds elements, complying with the limits and levels laid down
by regulations.
At 31 December 2023, own funds eligible for the Solvency Capital
Requirement stood at EUR 14,900 million. The amount of SCR was
EUR 8,122 million and the SCR coverage ratio was 183%. Eligible own
funds for the SCR Group Minimum amounted to EUR 10,971 million.
The amount of SCR Group Minimum was EUR 3,491 million, and the
SCR Group Minimum coverage ratio was 314%.

A financial conglomerate is required to meet additional capital
adequacy requirements on a consolidated basis. The purpose is to
require sufficient capital to cover both banking sector and insurance
sector risks, while eliminating multiple gearing.
The capital surplus or shortfall results from the difference between
the financial conglomerate’s equity capital and the solvency
requirements applicable to the banking and insurance industries:
■ the financial conglomerate’s capital is determined based on the

sector’s solvency rules (CRR for the banking sector and
Solvency II for the insurance sector);
■ the requirements for the financial conglomerate are determined

on the basis of banking sector requirements, calculated
according to the CRR 2 and CRD 5 rules, including all capital
buffers as well as the requirement resulting from the
SREP 2023 applicable in 2024, and on the basis of the solvency
capital requirement (SCR) for the insurance sector, calculated in
accordance with the Solvency II regulation.

The Solvency report at 31 December 2024 will be published on
20 May 2025.

Compliance with the regulation on the additional
supervision of financial conglomerates
As a bancassurer, the BNP Paribas Group is also subject to additional
supervision as a financial conglomerate, pursuant to European
Directive 2002/87/EU, supplemented by Delegated Regulation
342/2014 of the European Commission and implemented into French
law by the Order of 3 November 2014.
The financial conglomerates directive has established additional
prudential supervision, added to the rules existing in the banking
and insurance sectors, because it has introduced additional
constraints on capital adequacy, the monitoring of large exposures,
and intragroup transactions.

In calculating the financial conglomerate’s capital adequacy, the
requirements and deductions of insurance entities are treated in
compliance with Solvency II rules in replacement of the rules
defined in the CRR. The latter consist primarily of a 370% weighting
of investments in equities treated according to the simple weighting
method (see Equities under the simple weighting method in
section 5.4 Credit risk).
Governance for the prudential supervision of financial conglomerates
falls to the Capital Committee, which meets quarterly under the
Chairmanship of the Chief Financial Officer.
As at 31 December 2024, BNP Paribas Group, as a financial
conglomerate, had capital of EUR 142.1 billion compared to a total
requirement of EUR 117.3 billion, which represents a capital surplus
of EUR 24.8 billion.

➤ TABLE 21: FINANCIAL CONGLOMERATES – OWN FUNDS AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIO (EU INS2)
a
In millions of euros

31 December 2023

1

Supplementary own fund requirements of the financial conglomerate (amount)

24,754

29,177

2

Capital adequacy ratio of the financial conglomerate (%)

121.10%

127.80%

RECOVERY AND RESOLUTION

■ the addition of further regulatory requirements for institutions.

These requirements, which overlap quite widely, aim to ensure
a sufficient quantity of liabilities able to absorb losses or be
converted into equity. In particular, they consist of:

Following the 2008/2009 financial crisis, international banking
regulatory bodies adopted a series of regulations and directives
based on the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board to
facilitate the authorities’ management of crises involving financial
institutions and limit the impact of a potential collapse on the
economy and public finances. They provide for:
■ powers and instruments for the supervisory authorities to allow

for better anticipation and oversight of the recovery of banks in
difficulty, particularly by means of recovery plans;

■

■

a TLAC (Total Loss Absorbing Capacity) ratio for Global
Systemically Important Banks (G‑SIBs),
a MREL (Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible
Liabilities) ratio applicable to all European institutions;

■ bail‑in rules for banks, with a review of the ranking of creditors

■ powers and instruments for the resolution authorities in order

to implement orderly resolution of a bank that would not have
been able to recover by itself and would be placed in resolution.
This is based among other things on the resolution documents
and detailed reports required from banks to enable authorities
to prepare resolution plans;

386

a

31 December 2024

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

including an additional category of TLAC and MREL eligible debt
(non‑preferred senior), plus the creation of the Single
Resolution Fund, at European level, financed by the banks, with
the aim of avoiding any recourse to public assistance.

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

The recommendations of the Financial Stability Board were
transposed into French banking law in July 2013, introducing in
particular the obligation to create recovery and resolution plans, and
giving resolution powers for the ACPR (Autorité de contrôle
prudentiel et de résolution).
On a European level, Directive 2014/59/EU (BRRD – Bank Recovery
and Resolution Directive) was passed in 2014 and has been
transposed into the law of all European Union Member States. This
directive, as well as Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 (SRM Regulation –
Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation) of 2014 and various
additional delegated regulations, form the current regulations
governing the recovery and resolution of European financial
institutions. Following the European Commission proposal of
November 2016, the amendments contained in the BRRD2 and the
SRMR2 were approved and published in the Official Journal on 7 June
2019. In France, the transposition of the BRRD2 directives was
finalised on 21 December 2020.

Recovery Plan
The recovery plan, prepared at Group level, describes the possible
recovery options if the Group were to find itself in a distressed
situation. It contains information needed by the authorities to
understand the Group’s operations, resilience and capacity to absorb
losses.
BNP Paribas submitted its updated Recovery Plan to its supervisor,
the ECB, early October 2024. The Single Resolution Board (SRB) and
other authorities can obtain the Recovery Plan from the ECB.
Prepared in accordance with the Financial Stability Board’s
recommendations and the provisions of the French Monetary and
Financial Code, this Recovery Plan was submitted to the Board of
director’s Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance
Committee (CCIRC) for review and then to the Board of directors for
approval (see chapter 2 Corporate governance and internal control).
The new version of the Plan includes updated figures and takes
account of changes in the Group’s organisation and activities. It is
accompanied by a detailed description of tested recovery scenarios
and of the identified recovery options. It also takes account the
comments of the ECB and the Recovery College’s participating
authorities, which met in March 2024, as well as developments in
European regulations. It also incorporates lessons learned from dry
runs conducted regularly by BNP Paribas on certain aspects of the
plan with the participation of the Executive Management and the
ECB.
This Recovery College, organised under the auspices of the ECB,
brings together the authorities of the member countries of the
European Union in which BNP Paribas has a presence, as well as the
European Banking Authority and the Single Resolution Board.

Resolution documentation

5

Since 2016, the Group provides a series of documents annually.
These include an analytical declaration of BNP Paribas SA and its
subsidiaries’ liabilities (Liability Data report), required by the SRB to
carry out its analyses of the future requirements for liabilities eligible
for bail‑in, as well as various financial analyses, a presentation on
the Group’s organisational structure and analyses of its critical
functions and operational continuity in resolution. These statements
are in line with the requirements formalised by the EBA (on behalf of
the Commission).
In 2024, BNP Paribas also took part in a series of working meetings
of the SRB, the ACPR and other EU bank resolution authorities, under
the auspices of the SRB. The purpose of these meetings is to deepen
the SRB’s analyses of the Group’s capacity to deal with a potential
resolution.
The Crisis Management Group (CMG) and the Resolution College met
in January 2025 in view to approve the resolution plan drafted by the
SRB.
The resolution strategy privileged by the SRB for major institutions
such as the Group includes “bail‑in” which, in contrast to “bail‑out”,
involves the absorption of losses through BNP Paribas SA’s internal
resources. This implies the cancellation or reduction in the nominal
value of a debt and/or its complete or partial conversion into equity.
For major centralised banking institutions such as the Group, this
resolution strategy is applied at a Single Point of Entry (SPE), i.e.
BNP Paribas SA, regardless of where the losses occur within the
Group.
With regard to the US authorities, the Group presented a resolution
plan for its activities in the United States, pursuant to Rule 165(d) of
the Dodd‑Frank Act in December 2021. The next version of the
resolution plan will be submitted by 1 October 2025.

5

TLAC
In accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876, Global
Systemically Important Banks (G‑SIBs) have been subject to a
two‑fold TLAC requirement since 27 June 2019. This requirement
includes, on the one hand, a minimum ratio expressed as a
percentage of the risk‑weighted assets, and, on the other hand, a
minimum ratio expressed as a percentage of the leverage ratio
exposure.
At 31 December 2024, the minimum TLAC requirement for the Group
stood at 22.72% of the risk‑weighted assets, taking into account:
■ an 18% TLAC minimum requirement;
■ a 4.72% combined buffer requirement, in view of the capital

conservation buffer at 2.5%, the G‑SIB buffer at 1.5%, the
countercyclical capital buffer at 0.67% and a systemic risk
buffer at 0.04%.
From 1 January 2022, the Group’s minimum TLAC requirement
amounts to 6.75% of leverage exposure.

In 2024, the Group submitted a set of documents to the Autorité de
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (ACPR) to be forwarded to the
Single Resolution Board (SRB). These documents contain information
needed by the authorities to prepare the plan for the potential
resolution of BNP Paribas.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

387

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

➤ TABLE 22: COMPOSITION OF TLAC AND MREL RATIOS (EU TLAC1)

In millions of euros

MREL

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Amounts eligible for
the purposes of MREL,
TLAC
but not of TLAC

TLAC

Regulatory capital
1

Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1)

98,128

98,128

92,857

2

Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1)

15,640

15,640

14,644

6

Tier 2 capital (Tier 2)

16,813

16,813

14,243

11

Total TLAC eligible capital

130,581

130,581

121,744

74,252

74,252

72,301

Other eligible liabilities
12

Non‑preferred senior debt issued directly by the resolution entity (not grandfathered)(1)

EU‑12a

Non‑preferred senior debt issued by other entities within the resolution group
(not grandfathered)

EU‑12b

Non‑preferred senior debt issued prior to 27 June 2019 (grandfathered)

EU‑12c

Amortised portion of Tier 2 instruments with remaining maturity over one year

13

Preferred senior debt (not grandfathered before application of 3.5% RWA limit)

EU‑13a

Preferred senior debt issued prior to 27 June 2019 (grandfathered before application of 3.5%
RWA limit)

14

Preferred senior debt (after application of the 3.5% RWA limit)

17
EU‑17a

3,655

3,655

4,399

20,050

Option not
applied

20,050

Option not
applied

3,598

Option not
applied

3,598

Option not
applied

23,648

Option not
applied

23,648

Option non
applied

Eligible liabilities items before adjustments

101,555

77,907

23,648

76,700

of which subordinated liabilities items

77,907

77,907

-

76,700

232,137

208,489

23,648

198,444

23,648

198,082

Own funds and eligible liabilities: Adjustments to non‑regulatory capital elements
18

Total capital and other eligible liabilities before regulatory adjustments

19

Deduction of exposures between MPE resolution groups

20

Deduction of investments in other eligible liabilities instruments(2)

22

Total capital and other eligible liabilities after regulatory adjustments

EU‑22a

of which own funds and subordinated liabilities

(447)

(447)

231,690

208,042

(363)

208,042

Risk‑weighted assets and leverage ratio total exposure measure
23

Risk‑weighted assets (RWAs)

24

Leverage ratio total exposure measure

762,247

762,247

703,694

2,464,334

2,464,334

2,346,500

30.40%

27.29%

3.10%

28.15%

8.44%

0.96%

8.44%

Own funds and eligible liabilities ratio
OWN FUNDS AND ELIGIBLE LIABILITIES RATIO (percentage of risk‑weighted assets)

25
EU‑25a
26

of which own funds and subordinated liabilities

27.29%

OWN FUNDS AND ELIGIBLE LIABILITIES RATIO (as a percentage of leverage ratio total exposure
measure)

EU‑26a

of which own funds or subordinated liabilities

9.40%
8.44%

27

CET1 (as a percentage of RWAs) available after meeting the resolution group’s requirements

28

Combined buffer requirement

7.26%

7.26%

7.73%

4.71%

4.40%

29

of which capital conservation buffer

2.50%

2.50%

30

of which countercyclical buffer

0.67%

0.40%

31

of which systemic risk buffer

0.04%

0.00%

EU‑31a

of which G‑SIB or D‑SIB buffers

1.50%

1.50%

1,709,452

1,685,403

Memorandum items
EU‑32

Total amount of excluded liabilities referred to in article 72a(2) of Regulation (EU)
No. 575/2013

(1) Outstanding principal amount.
(2) This line includes the deduction of the unused portion of the general prior permission to reduce the eligible liabilities.

At 31 December 2024, the Group’s TLAC ratio broadly exceeded the
applicable minimum level of requirement.
This ratio stood at 27.29% of risk‑weighted assets, without using senior
preferred debt, which are eligible up to a limit of 3.5% of risk‑weighted
assets. It amounted to 8.44% of total (leverage) exposure measure.

388

The debt issuance targets aiming at satisfying these requirements
and their nature are described in the section Wholesale funding
trends based on regulatory changes in section 5.8 Liquidity risk.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5

➤ TABLE 23: CREDITOR RANKING OF THE RESOLUTION ENTITY BNP PARIBAS SA(1) (EU TLAC3)
31 December 2024
Insolvency ranking(2)
In millions of euros

1

2

12(3)

AT1
capital(4)

Participating
notes

15,980

229

1

Description of insolvency ranking

CET1
capital(4)

2

Regulatory capital instruments and liabilities(5)

120,534

3

3

5

6

T2 capital –
subordinated Non‑preferred
Preferred
debt(4)
senior debt senior debt(6)
27,025

784,465 1,027,912

79,680

of which excluded liabilities(5)

4

Non‑excluded regulatory capital instruments
and liabilities(5)

120,534

15,980

5

of which instruments eligible for the TLAC ratio

120,534

15,794

6

of which residual maturity ≥ 1 year and
< 2 years

229

TOTAL

689,868

689,868

27,025

79,680

94,597

338,043

23,928

74,252

23,648

258,157

2,982

6,943

1,899

11,823

7

of which residual maturity ≥ 2 years and
< 5 years

2,968

33,560

10,270

46,797

8

of which residual maturity ≥ 5 years and
< 10 years

11,927

24,288

8,941

45,156

9

of which residual maturity ≥ 10 years
(excluding perpetual)

6,052

9,462

2,539

10

of which perpetual instruments

120,534

15,794

18,052
136,328

(1) The data presented correspond to the scope of the resolution entity, BNP Paribas SA.
(2) The Appendix on insolvency ranking in the jurisdictions of the Banking Union published by the Single Resolution Board was updated on 27 August 2024 for France,
implying a ranking change of non‑preferred senior debt from 7 to 5 and prefered senior debt from 8 to 6.
(3) According to the Appendix on insolvency ranking, participating notes are classified in ranking 4. The ranking clauses of BNP Paribas SA's deeply subordinated notes
(AT1) indicate these notes are immediatly subordinated to participating notes. In accordance with the specific instructions of the ACPR, these participating notes are
presented between the ranks 2 and 3, at rank 12.
(4) Amounts before regulatory adjustments.
(5) For debt instruments, principal amount and accrued interest.
(6) With the implementation of the MREL requirement, prefered senior debt are included in this table as from 1 January 2024.

5

31 December 2023
Insolvency ranking
In millions of euros

1
2

Description of insolvency ranking
Regulatory capital instruments and debt
instruments(4)

1

2

4(2)

CET1
capital(3)

AT1
capital(3)

Participating
notes

116,227

14,823

228

22,936

80,969

235,184

228

22,936

80,969

235,184

3

7

8

TOTAL

T2 capital –
subordinated Non‑preferred
debt(3)
senior debt

(4)

3

of which excluded instruments

4

Non‑excluded regulatory capital instruments
and debt instruments(4)

116,227

14,823

5

of which instruments eligible for the TLAC
ratio

116,227

14,823

21,392

72,301

224,743

6

of which residual maturity ≥ 1 year and
< 2 years

2,850

7,510

10,361

7

of which residual maturity ≥ 2 years and
< 5 years

5,565

30,558

36,123

8

of which residual maturity ≥ 5 years and
< 10 years

9,420

26,259

35,679

9

of which residual maturity ≥ 10 years
(excluding perpetual)

3,557

7,973

11,530

10

of which perpetual instruments

116,227

14,823

131,050

(1) The data presented correspond to the scope of the resolution entity, BNP Paribas SA.
(2) According to the Appendix on the insolvency ranking in the jurisdictions of the Banking Union published by the Single Resolution Board, participating notes are
classified in rank 4. However, the ranking clauses of BNP Paribas SA’s deeply subordinated notes (AT1) indicate that these notes are immediatly subordinated to
participating notes. The participating notes are thus presented between ranks 2 and 3.
(3) Amounts before regulatory adjustments.
(4) For debt instruments, principal amount and accrued interest.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

389

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

MREL

LEVERAGE RATIO

The total Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible
Liabilities (MREL) applies to all European Union credit institutions
and investment firms from 1 January 2024.

The leverage ratio’s main objective is to serve as a complementary
measure to the risk‑based capital requirements (back‑stop principle).
It is calculated as the ratio between Tier 1 capital and an exposure
measure calculated using on- and off‑balance sheet commitments
valued using a prudential approach. In particular, derivatives and
repurchase agreements are also adjusted.

At 31 December 2024, the Group exceeded the MREL requirement
and the distance above the minimum requirement (“M‑MDA”) was
greater than the distance applicable to the distribution restriction
thresholds (“MDA”) calculated in relation to the capital requirements
(see paragraph Overall capital requirements).

At European level, the leverage ratio requirement is applied
gradually in accordance with the provisions contained in the CRR:

At 31 December 2024 :

■ up to 28 June 2021, the leverage ratio was the subject of a

statement submitted to the ECB and a disclosure requirement
under Pillar 3;

■ the Group’s MREL ratio stood at 30.40% of risk‑weighted assets.

The Group was thus above the minimum requirement level of
27.36%;
■ the Group’s MREL ratio stood at 9.40% of leverage exposures.
This ratio is to be compared to a minimum requirement of
5.91%;

■ from 29 June 2021 to 31 December 2022, institutions were

subject to a minimum leverage ratio requirement of 3%;
■ From 1 January to 31 December 2023, the leverage ratio

requirement stood at 3.75%. Global Systemically Important
Banks (G‑SIBs) are subject to an additional leverage
requirement of 50% of the institution’s G‑SIB buffer (see
paragraph Capital adequacy) and a new distribution threshold
applying to the leverage ratio. The distance applicable to the
distribution restriction thresholds (“L‑MDA”) is calculated in
relation to the capital requirements (see paragraph Overall
capital requirements).

■ the Group’s subordinated MREL ratio stood at 27.29% of

risk‑weighted assets, compared to a minimum requirement of
19.24%;
■ the Group’s MREL ratio stood at 8.44% of leverage exposures,

compared to a minimum requirement of 5.86%.

Changes in regulations
BNP Paribas closely tracks the regulatory developments relating to
banks recovery and resolution.
Further to the Eurogroup statement of June 2022 (1) that required a
targeted review of the Crisis Management and Deposit Insurance
(CMDI) framework (BRRD, SRMR and DGSD), the Commission
published a proposal on 18 April 2023. The European Parliament
defined its position in April 2024 and the Council in June 2024. The
trilogue started in December 2024. At this stage, the legislative
process is expected to be completed in 2025 or 2026. BNP Paribas is
closely following this process.

■ Since 1 January 2024, the leverage ratio requirement stood at

3.85%, including a P2R of 0.10%.

Processes used to manage the risk
of excessive leverage
Monitoring of the leverage ratio is one of the responsibilities of the
Capital Committee (as described in the section Capital management
hereafter).

Factors that had an impact on the leverage ratio
during the period to which the disclosed leverage
ratio refers
The leverage ratio stood at 4.6% at 31 December 2024, stable
compared to 4.58% at 31 December 2023. It was well above the
3.85% leverage requirement applicable since 1 January 2024.

(1) Eurogroup statement on the future of the Banking Union of 16 June 2022 – Consilium (europa.eu).

390

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

5

➤ TABLE 24: LEVERAGE RATIO – ITEMISED
➤ Summary reconciliation of accounting assets and leverage ratio exposures (EU LR1)
a
In millions of euros

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

1

Total assets as per published financial statements

2,704,908

2,591,499

2

Adjustment for entities which are consolidated for accounting purposes but are outside the scope of
regulatory consolidation

(272,085)

(257,275)

(3,477)

(4,003)

3

(Adjustment for securitised exposures that meet the operational requirements for the recognition of risk
transference)

4

(Adjustment for temporary exemption of exposures to central bank (if applicable))

5

(Adjustment for fiduciary assets recognised on the balance sheet pursuant to the applicable accounting
framework but excluded from the leverage ratio total exposure measure in accordance with point (i) of
article 429a(1) CRR)

6

Adjustment for regular‑way purchases and sales of financial assets subject to trade date accounting

7

Adjustment for eligible cash pooling transactions

8

Adjustments for derivative financial instruments

(94,524)

(100,967)

9

Adjustment for securities financing transactions (SFTs)(1)

23,513

21,586

10

Adjustment for off‑balance sheet items (i.e. conversion to credit equivalent amounts of off‑balance sheet
exposures)

223,239

207,680

11

(Adjustment for prudent valuation adjustments and specific and general provisions which have reduced
Tier 1 capital)

(2,464)

(2,472)

11a

(Adjustment for exposures excluded from the leverage ratio total exposure measure in accordance with point
(c) of article 429a(1) CRR)

11b

(Adjustment for exposures excluded from the leverage ratio total exposure measure in accordance with point
(j) of article 429a(1) CRR)

(18,187)

(16,703)

12

Other adjustments

(96,587)

(92,846)

13

LEVERAGE RATIO TOTAL EXPOSURE MEASURE

2,464,334

2,346,500

5

(1) Securities Financing Transactions: repurchase agreements and securities borrowing/lending.

➤ Leverage ratio common disclosure (EU LR2)
a
In millions of euros

b

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

1,833,082

1,763,655

(44,233)

(40,530)

On‑balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives and SFTs(1))
1

On‑balance sheet items (excluding derivatives, SFTs(1), but including collateral)

2

Gross‑up for derivatives collateral provided where deducted from the balance sheet assets pursuant to the
applicable accounting framework

3

(Deductions of receivables assets for cash variation margin provided in derivatives transactions)

4

(Adjustment for securities received under securities financing transactions that are recognised as an asset)

5

(General credit risk adjustments to on‑balance sheet items)

6

(Asset amounts deducted in determining Tier 1 capital)

(14,587)

(14,368)

7

Total on‑balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives and SFTs(1))

1,774,262

1,708,757

8

Replacement cost associated with SA‑CCR derivatives transactions (i.e. net of eligible cash variation margin)

66,126

58,593

156,722

133,250

Derivative exposures
8a

Derogation for derivatives: replacement costs contribution under the simplified standardised approach

9

Add‑on amounts for potential future exposure associated with SA‑CCR derivatives transactions

9a

Derogation for derivatives: Potential future exposure contribution under the simplified standardised
approach

9b

Exposure determined under Original Exposure Method

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

391

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

a
In millions of euros

b

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

(1,721)

(1,309)

10

(Exempted CCP leg of client‑cleared trade exposures) (SA‑CCR)

10a

(Exempted CCP leg of client‑cleared trade exposures) (simplified standardised approach)

10b

(Exempted CCP leg of client‑cleared trade exposures) (original exposure method)

11

Adjusted effective notional amount of written credit derivatives

451,280

404,326

12

(Adjusted effective notional offsets and add‑on deductions for written credit derivatives)

(422,670)

(381,259)

13

Total derivatives exposures

249,737

213,601

426,748

457,137

(204,170)

(235,392)

23,261

21,505

251

81

246,090

243,331

(1)

Securities financing transaction (SFT) exposures

Gross SFT(1) assets (with no recognition of netting), after adjustment for sales accounting transactions

14

(1)

15

(Netted amounts of cash payables and cash receivables of gross SFT

16

Counterparty credit risk exposure for SFT(1) assets

16a

Derogation for SFTs(1): Counterparty credit risk exposure in accordance with articles 429e(5) and 222 CRR

17

Agent transaction exposures

17a

(Exempted CCP leg of client‑cleared SFT exposure)

18

Total securities financing transaction exposures

assets)

Other off‑balance sheet exposures
19

Off‑balance sheet exposures at gross notional amount

527,051

498,249

20

(Adjustments for conversion to credit equivalent amounts)

(303,812)

(290,569)

21

(General provisions deducted in determining Tier 1 capital and specific provisions associated with
off‑balance sheet exposures)

(524)

(655)

22

Off‑balance sheet exposures

222,715

207,026

(18,187)

(16,703)

(10,282)

(9,512)

(28,469)

(26,215)

Excluded exposures
22a

(Exposures excluded from the leverage ratio total exposure measure in accordance with point (c) of
article 429a(1) CRR)

22b

(Exposures exempted in accordance with point (j) of article 429a(1) CRR (on and off‑balance sheet))

22c

(Excluded exposures of public development banks – Public sector investments)

22d

(Excluded exposures of public development banks (or units) – Promotional Loans)

22e

(Excluded passing‑through promotional loan exposures by non‑public development banks (or units))

22f

(Excluded guaranteed parts of exposures arising from export credits)

22g

(Excluded excess collateral deposited at triparty agents)

22h

(Excluded CSD related services of CSD/institutions in accordance with point (o) of article 429a(1) CRR)

22i

(Excluded CSD related services of designated institutions in accordance with point (p) of article 429a(1) CRR)

22j

(Reduction of the exposure value of pre‑financing or intermediate loans)

22k

(Total exempted exposures)
Capital and total exposure measure

23

Tier 1 capital

24

Leverage ratio total exposure measure

113,768

107,501

2,464,334

2,346,500

25

LEVERAGE RATIO

4.62%

4.58%

Leverage ratio (without the adjustment due to excluded exposures of public development banks – Public
EU‑25 sector investments) (%)

4.62%

4.58%

Leverage ratio (excluding the impact of any applicable temporary exemption of central bank reserves) (%)

4.62%

4.58%

3.00%

3.00%

25a

Leverage requirement
26

392

Regulatory minimum leverage ratio requirement (%)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

a
26a

b

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Additional leverage ratio requirements (%)

0.10%

0.00%

In millions of euros

5

26b

of which: to be made up of CET1 capital

0.00%

0.00%

27

Leverage ratio buffer requirement (%)

0.75%

0.75%

27a

Overall leverage ratio requirement (%)

3.85%

3.75%

Transitional

Transitional

291,830

294,819

Choice on transitional arrangements and relevant exposures
EU‑27b Choice on transitional arrangements for the definition of the capital measure
Disclosure of mean values
28
29

Mean of daily values of gross SFT(1) assets, after adjustment for sale accounting transactions and netted of
amounts of associated cash payables and cash receivable
Quarter‑end value of gross SFT(1) assets, after adjustment for sale accounting transactions and netted of

222,577

221,745

30

Total exposure measure (including the impact of any applicable temporary exemption of central bank
reserves) incorporating mean values from row 28 of gross SFT(1) assets (after adjustment for sale accounting
transactions and netted of amounts of associated cash payables and cash receivables)

amounts of associated cash payables and cash receivables

2,533,587

2,419,574

30a

Total exposure measure (excluding the impact of any applicable temporary exemption of central bank
reserves) incorporating mean values from row 28 of gross SFT(1) assets (after adjustment for sale accounting
transactions and netted of amounts of associated cash payables and cash receivables)

2,533,587

2,419,574

31

Leverage ratio (including the impact of any applicable temporary exemption of central bank reserves)
incorporating mean values from row 28 of gross SFT(1) assets (after adjustment for sale accounting
transactions and netted of amounts of associated cash payables and cash receivables)

4.49%

4.44%

31a

Leverage ratio (excluding the impact of any applicable temporary exemption of central bank reserves)
incorporating mean values from row 28 of gross SFT(1) assets (after adjustment for sale accounting
transactions and netted of amounts of associated cash payables and cash receivables)

4.49%

4.44%

(1) Securities Financing Transactions: repurchase agreements and securities lending/borrowing operations.

5

➤ Split of on‑balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives, SFTs(1) and exempted exposures) (EU LR3)
a
In millions of euros

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

EU‑1

Total on‑balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives, SFTs(1), and exempted exposures), of which:

1,760,379

1,696,910

EU‑2

Trading book exposures

264,827

211,023

EU‑3

Banking book exposures, of which:

1,495,552

1,485,887

EU‑4

Covered bonds

EU‑5

Exposures treated as sovereigns

369,409

442,944

EU‑6

Exposures to regional governments, MDB, international organisations and PSE not treated as
sovereigns

46,161

37,386

EU‑7

Institutions

33,602

27,376

EU‑8

Secured by mortgages of immovable properties

188,102

184,067

EU‑9

Retail exposures

230,845

228,618

EU‑10

Corporate

360,462

355,974

EU‑11

Exposures in default

13,333

13,369

EU‑12

Other exposures (e.g. equity, securitisations, and other non‑credit obligation assets)

253,638

196,154

(1) Securities Financing Transactions: repurchase agreements and securities borrowing/lending

Pursuant to article R.511‑16‑1 of French Monetary and Financial Code, BNP Paribas’ asset yield (i.e. net accounting income divided by the total
balance sheet on a consolidated basis) was 0.43% in 2024 compared to 0.42% in 2023.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

393

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

CAPITAL MANAGEMENT [Audited]
To ensure the Group’s sustainability, the Bank must maintain an
adequate level of capital with respect to the risks to which it is
exposed in the course of its activities and strategy. Capital is a rare
and strategic resource, which requires stringent, clearly defined,
rigorous management according to an approach, which takes
account of the needs and demands of stakeholders, including
shareholders, supervisors, creditors and depositors.

Governance
The governance of the development, approval and update of the
capital planning process is handled by two committees:
■ the Risk‑Weighted Assets Committee: it is jointly chaired by the

Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Risk Officer, and comprises
the operational divisions’ Chief Financial Officers and Chief Risk
Officers. The committee meets quarterly to examine forecasts of
the Group’s risk‑weighted assets in the context of the budget
cycle and updating of its estimates.

OBJECTIVES
BNP Paribas’ capital management:

The Risk‑Weighted Assets Committee is tasked with:

■ is governed by policies and procedures which make it possible

to understand, document and supervise capital management
practices throughout the Bank;

■

■ takes risk measurement into account to determine the use of

■

the capital;
■

■ considers capital requirements and resources under normal

operating conditions, as well as under situations of severe, but
plausible stress;
■ presents a forward‑looking vision of the Bank’s capital adequacy

■

monitoring and discussing the forecasts of the Group’s
risk‑weighted assets for each business line,
identifying the main assumptions underlying these forecasts
and checking their accuracy,
identifying any evolution factors and quantifying their
impacts,
proposing adjustments if required;

■ the Capital Committee: it meets at least quarterly and is chaired

by the Group Chief Financial Officer. The committee’s mission is
to validate the Group’s targets in terms of solvency ratios and
loss absorbing capacity requirements in case of resolution (TLAC
and MREL) as well as the trajectory to achieve these targets;
monitor compliance with this trajectory; and, where necessary,
propose corrective measures, consistent with the Group’s Risk
Appetite Statement. The committee ensures, in this respect,
internal capital adequacy is taken into account in the ICAAP as
well as in the results of the global stress tests processes.

to the Executive Management;
■ allocates the capital constraint to the business lines in keeping

with their strategic objectives;
■ complies with the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment

Process (ICAAP) and is consistent with the Risk Appetite
Framework;
■ is monitored by an appropriate governance.

CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AT CENTRAL LEVEL

The Capital Committee is tasked with:

BNP Paribas’ capital management aims to ensure and verify that the
Group has adequate capital to comply with the regulatory capital
ratios, as well as specific requirements, for instance to operate as a
Global Systemically Important Bank. To ensure its capital adequacy,
the Group abides by the following principles:

■

■ maintaining the capital at an appropriate level in view of

BNP Paribas’ activities, risk appetite, growth and strategic
initiatives;
■

■ maintaining BNP Paribas’ capital at a level which complies with

regulatory requirements;
■

■ keeping a balance between capital adequacy and return on

capital;
■ meeting its obligations to creditors and counterparties, at each

due date;
■ continuing to operate as a financial intermediary.

monitoring, validating and anticipating changes in the
business lines’ risk‑weighted assets as well as changes in the
Group’s prudential ratios, in central scenario and adverse
scenario, and monitoring these indicators relative to the
Group’s Risk Appetite, which is stated in the Risk Appetite
Statement. This includes solvency ratios, leverage ratio,
TLAC/MREL ratios, capital adequacy of the financial
conglomerate, etc.,
identifying any evolution factors and quantifying their
impacts,
defining trends in short and medium terms capital
consumption (at least 3 years) and proposing or reporting the
ensuing arbitrages to the Group’s Executive Committee,

■

monitoring internal capital adequacy as part of the ICAAP,

■

monitoring potential regulatory changes,

■

■

■
■

monitoring the sensitivity of the CET1 ratio to changes in
exchange rates,
validating management
aforementioned ratios,

buffers

applicable

to

the

monitoring the impacts of global stress test results,
monitoring the implementation of the supervisor’s decisions
that have an impact on the Group’s solvency ratio or the
amount of its risk‑weighted assets.

The Capital Committee is also the Group’s competent Executive
Management authority for all issues related to the internal credit
and operational risk model and the methodologies used in the ICAAP.

394

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Capital management and capital adequacy

Monitoring indicators

CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AT LOCAL LEVEL

Capital management at the consolidated level rests on the following
indicators:

The Group has to allocate available capital among its different
entities. To ensure a free and efficient flow of capital throughout the
Group, the capital allocation process within the Group is centralised
at head office level. It is mainly based on two principles: compliance
with local regulatory requirements and analysis of the local business
needs of the entity and growth prospects. In line with these two
principles, the aim is to minimise capital dispersion.

■ the solvency ratios:

BNP Paribas uses the CET1 ratio as its main internal capital
management indicator;
■ risk‑weighted assets:

The risk‑weighted assets are calculated per business line and
per type of risk. The change in risk‑weighted assets is analysed
per type of effect (in particular: volume effect, parameters
effect, perimeter effect, currency effect and method effect);
■ the leverage ratio:

It reports the amount of Tier 1 capital to a measure of both onand off‑balance sheet exposures using a prudential approach. In
particular, derivatives and repurchase agreements are adjusted;
■ notional equity:

The capital allocation transfers the capital constraints to all
Group divisions and thus represents a major constraint
concerning the Group’s development and management. The
evaluation of the business lines’ performance includes the
analysis of their pre‑tax Return On Notional Equity (RONE)
indicators. The equity component of this ratio is the notional
equity, which corresponds to the business lines’ consumption of
capital.
This management rests on two major processes which are closely
linked:
■ a detailed quarterly analysis of actual capital consumption by

divisions/business lines and of the Group’s solvency ratios, as
well as quarterly forecasts of these indicators throughout the
year;

5

Local Chief Financial Officers are responsible for the daily
management and reporting of their subsidiaries’ capital
requirements. When a capital need arises, it is analysed on a
case‑by‑case basis by dedicated teams at Group level, taking into
consideration the subsidiary’s present position, its future strategy as
well as the Group’s one in the relevant country, the entity’s growth
prospects and the macroeconomic environment. Furthermore, each
year, the Group manages the subsidiaries’ earnings repatriation
process. The Group general policy stipulates that the entire
distributable profit of every entity, including retained earnings, must
be paid out. This policy ensures that the capital remains centralised
at the BNP Paribas SA level and also contributes to reducing the
foreign exchange risk. Exceptions are considered on a case‑by‑case
basis.
Local Chief Executive Officers are responsible for ensuring the
subsidiary’s ongoing financial viability and competitiveness in terms
of capital, where relevant. However, any capital action requested by
a subsidiary is assessed by and subject to authorisation from head
office.

5

In addition, every year the Group examines the branches’ capital
allocations in order to maintain an adequate level of capital in light
of the different regulations.

■ the yearly budget process, which plays a central role in the

strategic planning process.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

395

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Risk management [Audited]

5.3 Risk management [Audited]
GOVERNANCE
The specialised committees of the Board of directors (see part 2.1.2,
Corporate governance of BNP Paribas of chapter 2 Corporate
governance and internal control), which examine the risks taken and
the risk policies on a Group scale, are:

■ the Joint Committee that combines the CCIRC and the Financial

■ the

In line with the Group’s Risk Appetite Statement, Executive
Management provides broad guidelines for risk management
through Group‑level governance bodies of which the main ones are
shown in the diagram below:

Internal control, risk management and compliance
Committee (CCIRC);

Statements Committee;
■ the

Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR
Committee (CGEN).

➤ FIGURE 6: OVERVIEW OF GROUP LEVEL GOVERNING BODIES COVERING RISK‑RELATED TOPICS
Specialised
Committees
of the Board of
directors

Compensation
Committee

Coverage
of Risk-related
topics by the
General Managment

Internal Control,
Risk management
and Compliance
Committee (CCIRC)

Joint meeting of CCIRC
and
Financial statements
Committee

Non-compliance risk

Legal risk

Financial statements
Committee

Corporate Governance,
Ethics, Nominations
and CSR Committee
(CGEN)

Credit, market
and operational risks

Liquidity and
rates risks

Group Executive Committee
Group Supervision and Control Committee (GSCC)
ALCo Group
Acquisitions Committee

Compliance, Risk and Finance
Committee (CRIF)

Sustainable Finance Strategic Committee (SFSC)
General Management Credit Committee (CCDG)
General Management Doubtful Committee (CDDG)
Financial Markets Risk Committee (FMRC)
Risk & Development Policy Committee (RDPC)
Country Strategic RDPC
Group IT Risk
Committee
Capital Committee
Budgetary Committees

396

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Risk management [Audited]

Main Group‑level governance bodies have the following roles:
■ Capital Committee, described under Capital management in

section 5.2 Capital management and capital adequacy,
validates the Group’s objectives in terms of solvency ratios and
Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC and MREL) requirements in
case of resolution as well as the trajectory to achieve these
targets, monitors the compliance with this trajectory and, when
relevant, proposes corrective actions to achieve target solvency
ratios. As the Group’s competent Executive Management
authority for all issues related to the internal credit and
operational risks model, the Capital Committee is informed of
decisions made in the MARCo Committees (Model Approval and
Review Committee);
■ Group ALM Treasury Committee (Group ALCo) is responsible for

the management of the liquidity risk, interest rate risk in the
banking book and structural foreign exchange risk over the
whole Group;
■ Group Supervision and Control Committee (GSCC) brings

together the Group’s control functions at Executive
Management level and takes a Group‑wide approach to tackling
all aspects of risk exposure;
■ Acquisitions Committee decides on acquisitions, disposals and

external partnerships for operations under its jurisdiction as
part of the Group’s general investment approval procedure. The
Acquisitions Committee reviews the strategic relevance of the
proposed projects from the Group’s point of view, as well as the
various components of the business plans, including synergies
and execution risks. In particular, it ensures the intrinsic
profitability of projects (measured by Return on Investment), as
well as the impact on the Group’s solvency, liquidity and
profitability, and their adequacy with the Group’s Risk Appetite
Statement;
■ the Sustainable Finance Strategic Committee (SFSC) aims to

validate the Group’s sustainable finance strategy and
commitments in this area. It approves the overall strategy in
terms of sustainable finance, decides the main focuses of
sustainable finance commercial policies and monitors their
operational implementation. Where necessary, it also validates

5

cross‑functional infrastructure choices ensuring expertise and
consistency in the implementation of regulatory requirements
and the Group’s commitments in methods, analyses, risk
management, data, tools, standards and reporting related to
sustainable finance;
■ the General Management Credit Committee (CCDG) is the

Group’s highest authority concerning credit and counterparty
risks. This committee decides primarily on credit requests
exceeding the amount of individual delegations attributed to
divisions and business lines or relating to transactions of a
specific nature or which would deviate from the principles of
the General Credit Policy. A Compliance representative may
attend CCDG meetings when an opinion on financial security is
needed;
■ the General Management Doubtful Committee (CDDG) is the

Group’s highest level decision‑making committee in terms of
specific provisioning and recognitions of losses relative to the
Group’s customer exposures;
■ the Financial Markets Risk Committee (FMRC) is the body which

governs the Group’s risk profile of the capital markets activities;
its tasks include, among others, analysing market and
counterparty risks and setting limits for capital markets
activities;
■ the Risk & Development Policy Committees (RDPC) have the

dual objective of defining an appropriate risk policy for any
given subject which may be a business activity, a product, a
geographic area (region or country), a customer segment or
economic sector, and of investigating development
opportunities in relation to the subject in question;

5

■ the Country Strategic RDPCs define the Group’s risk appetite by

setting country envelopes for medium‑to‑high‑risk countries
considering country risk, market conditions, business strategies
as well as other topics such as those related to compliance or
climate risk;
■ the Group IT Risk Committee (GITRC) defines and oversees the

Group’s IT risk profile. This is the highest authority in terms of
technological and cybersecurity risk management.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

397

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Risk management [Audited]

RISK MANAGEMENT ORGANISATION
POSITION OF THE CONTROL FUNCTIONS
Risk management is central to the banking business and is one of
the cornerstones of operations for the BNP Paribas Group.
BNP Paribas has an internal control system covering all types of
risks to which the Group may be exposed, organised around three
lines of defence (see section 2.4 Internal Control in chapter 2
Corporate governance and internal control):

ORGANISATION OF THE RISK AND COMPLIANCE
FUNCTIONS

■ as the first line of defence, internal control is the business of

Approach

every employee, and the heads of the operational activities are
responsible for establishing and running a system for
identifying, assessing and managing risks according to the
standards defined by the functions exercising an independent
control in respect of the second line of defence;
■ the main control functions within BNP Paribas ensuring the

second line of defence are the Compliance, RISK and LEGAL
Functions. Their Heads report directly to Chief Executive Officer
and account for the performance of their missions to the Board
of directors via its specialised committees;
■ General Inspection provides a third line of defence. It is

responsible for periodic control.

GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE RISK AND
COMPLIANCE FUNCTIONS
Responsibility for managing risks primarily lies with the divisions
and business lines that are at the origin of the underlying
transactions. RISK continuously performs a second‑line control over
credit and counterparty risks, market risk, interest rate and foreign
exchange rate risks on the banking book, liquidity risks, insurance
risks, and operational risk, including technological and cybersecurity
risks, over data protection risks, modelling risks and environmental
and social risk factors, as well as the associated governance risks. As
part of this role, it must ascertain the soundness and sustainability
of the business commercial developments and their overall
alignment with the risk appetite target set by the Group. RISK’s remit
includes formulating recommendations on risk policies, analysing
the risk portfolio on a forward‑looking basis, approving customers
loans and trading limits, guaranteeing the quality and effectiveness
of monitoring procedures, controlling the maturity of the processes
and underlying operational risks and defining or validating risk
measurement methods. RISK is also responsible for ensuring that all
the risk implications of new businesses or products have been
adequately assessed.
Compliance deals identically with risks related to financial security
(money laundering, terrorist financing, corruption and influence
peddling), market integrity, protection of clients, professional ethics,
tax regulations applicable to customers and laws governing banking
activities.

398

Its mission is to provide, through its opinions and decisions, as well
as through its supervision and second level‑controls, a reasonable
assurance as to the effectiveness and consistency of the compliance
system over operations and the protection of its reputation.

The RISK organisation fully complies with the principles of
independence, vertical integration, and decentralisation issued by
the Group’s Management for the Group’s main control functions
(Compliance, RISK, LEGAL, and a third line of defence, General
Inspection). Hence within RISK:
■ all the teams in charge of risks, including those in operating

entities have been integrated in the function with reporting
lines to the Chief Risk Officers of these entities;
■ the Chief Risk Officers of the entities report to RISK.

This organisation enables the governance of risk management
activities to be strengthened, especially regarding model risk
management, through RISK Independent Review and Control (RISK
IRC) team, reporting directly to the Chief Risk Officer (CRO) which
groups together the teams in charge of the independent review of
the risk methodologies and models. This team is also in charge of
the independent review of operational risk of RISK Function, with the
organisation described in section 5.9 Operational risk.
In accordance with international standards and French regulations,
Compliance manages the system for monitoring compliance and
reputation risks for all of the Group’s businesses in France and
abroad. The system for monitoring non‑compliance and reputation
risks is described in section 5.9.
Independent and hierarchically integrated on a global basis,
Compliance brings together all employees reporting to the function.
Its organisation is based on its guiding principles (independence,
integration, decentralisation and subsidiarity of the function,
dialogue with the business lines) through local teams (operating
divisions, CPBS, IPS and CIB), areas of expertise, and departments in
charge of transverse missions.

Role of the Chief Risk Officer
In order to fulfil its missions and in compliance with regulations as
well as with the banking industry best practices, RISK is an
independent, hierarchically integrated and decentralised function.
The Group CRO is appointed by the “Dirigeant Effectif” in charge of
the consistency and efficiency of the permanent control of BNP
Paribas, who notifies the Board of directors accordingly. This
“Dirigeant Effectif” can also remove the Group CRO, after the prior
approval of the Board, to which the latter has direct access.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Risk management [Audited]

The Group CRO receives his/her authority from this “Dirigeant
Effectif” and reports to him/her directly. He/she is a member of the
Group Executive Committee.
Where necessary, the Group CRO also has direct and independent
access to the Board of directors of BNP Paribas (notably to the
relevant specialised committees). In particular, the CCIRC holds
hearings of the Group CRO on a periodic basis, without the presence
of the “Dirigeants Effectifs”.
This positioning serves the following purposes:
■ ensuring the objectivity of risk control, by removing any

involvement in commercial relationships;
■ making sure senior management is warned of any material

deterioration in risk and is rapidly provided with objective and
comprehensive information on the status of risks;
■ enabling the dissemination, throughout the Bank, of high and

uniform risk management standards and practices;

5

■ ensuring

the quality of risk assessment methods and
procedures by calling on professional risk managers in charge
of evaluating and enhancing these methods and procedures in
light of the best practices implemented by international
competitors.

Role of the Chief Compliance Officer
The Chief Compliance Officer reports to the Chief Executive Officer
and is a member of the BNP Paribas Executive Committee. She has
direct and independent access to the Board of directors and in
particular to its specialised committee, the Internal Control, Risk
Management and Compliance Committee (CCIRC), and can thus
inform it of any event likely to have a significant impact on the
Group. Lastly, the CCIRC periodically interviews her, without the
executive officers being present.
The Chief Compliance Officer has no operational activity outside of
the non‑compliance and reputation risk management framework and
no commercial activity, which guarantees her independence of
action. She exercises hierarchical supervision over all the
Compliance teams within the various business units, geographical
areas and functions.

RISK CULTURE
ONE OF THE GROUP’S CORE FOUNDING
PRINCIPLES
A strong and comprehensive risk and compliance culture is deeply
rooted in BNP Paribas Group’s core values and operational
principles.
Executive Management has chosen to include the risk culture in
three of its key corporate culture documents:
■ Code of conduct:

5

arising from transactions with clients – these are assessed on a
daily basis, tested against stress scenarios, and subject to
limits.
As a strongly diversified Group, both in terms of geography and
businesses, BNP Paribas is able to balance risks and their
consequences as they materialise. The Group is organised and
managed in such a way that any difficulties arising in one
business area will not jeopardise another in the Bank;
■ the Group’s mission and commitments:

The Group adopted a new Code of conduct in 2016. It applies to
all employees and defines the rules for our conduct in line with
the core values of our corporate culture. For example,
employees are reminded in the Code of conduct that the
Group’s interests are protected by responsible risk‑taking in a
strict control environment. The Code of conduct, updated in
2021, also includes rules for protecting customers’ interests,
financial security, market integrity, professional ethics and
anti‑bribery and corruption, which all play an important role in
mitigating non‑compliance and reputation risks;
■ Responsibility Charter:

Executive Management drew up a formal Responsibility Charter,
inspired by the Group’s core values (the “BNP Paribas Way”),
management principles and Code of conduct. One of the four
commitments is “Being prepared to take risks, while ensuring
close risk control”.
The Group sees rigorous risk control as part of its responsibility,
both to clients and to the financial system as a whole. The
Bank’s decisions on the commitments it makes are reached
after a rigorous and concerted process, based on a strong,
shared risk culture which pervades all levels of the Group. This
is true both for risks linked to lending activities, where loans
are granted only after in‑depth analysis of the borrower’s
situation and the project to be financed, and for market risks

The mission of BNP Paribas is to finance the economy and
advise its clients, by supporting them with their projects, their
investments, and the management of their savings, guided by
strong ethical principles. Through these activities, BNP Paribas
wants to have a positive impact on stakeholders and on society,
and be one of the most trustworthy players in the sector.
BNP Paribas’ 12 commitments as a Responsible Bank include in
particular the commitment to apply the highest ethical
standards and rigorously manage environmental, social, and
governance risks (see section 7.2 Economic Responsibility:
financing the economy in an ethical manner).

SPREADING THE RISK CULTURE
A culture of robust risk management and control has always been
one of BNP Paribas’ top priorities and is an integral part of the
Bank’s principles.
In addition to the various training programmes in support of this
ambition, numerous awareness and acculturation initiatives are
conducted at global and local level within different entities. These
include some programmes aimed at sharing risk management
advancements with a broad audience of employees presented
directly by Group experts, for example: cyber risks, operational
risks, credit and counterparty risks, ESG‑related risks, legal risks.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

399

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Risk management [Audited]

Also, Risk Culture, a Group‑wide initiative, aims to reinforce the
dissemination of the best practices in risk management by giving it a
transversal dimension that addresses all the Group’s employees.
Sponsored by four functions: Compliance, LEGAL, Human Resources
(HR), and RISK, Risk Culture is designed for the benefit of all staff and
intervenes on all types of risks to which the Group may be exposed
(credit, market, liquidity, operational, non‑compliance, regulatory,
environmental and social risks, etc.).

■ facilitating the sharing of knowledge between the various

Taking an adaptive and participatory approach, this initiative
supports the business lines and functions in their risk awareness
promotion efforts, for example in transformation projects or when
onboarding new employees. By leveraging the information already
shared by the entities, Risk Culture aims to make essential concepts
accessible to as many employees as possible and pays close
attention to ensure that conduct and behaviour requirements are
well integrated into this exercise of knowledge transmission. It
provides teams with contents that they can use for their information
and acculturation endeavours to enhance employees’ skills in all
aspects of the risk culture.

actions to raise awareness of good risk practices carried out on
the initiative of other entities.

In conjunction with operating entities, Risk Culture actions mainly
consist of:

players in the Bank, in particular changes in the Bank’s business
lines, news on regulatory requirements and new ways of
working. The experts of the Group are invited to expand
documentary resources which can be accessed by employees
through various communication channels available within the
Group;
■ relaying, if necessary by adapting from one entity to another,

In all its initiatives, Risk Culture promotes the six fundamental risk
management practices that are key to developing a robust risk
culture. They serve as a reminder to staff about the importance of
clearly understanding and anticipating risks with a long‑term
perspective, being disciplined with risks taken and reporting swiftly
and transparently on risk management.
Lastly, the risk culture is also spread throughout the Group by linking
compensation to performance and risk (see chapter 7, section 7.3
A competitive compensation policy), under a system that was
strengthened in this area since 2015 for those employees whose
decisions entail a significant risk component.

■ ensuring the dissemination of information and professional

development in the area of risk management, by means of
conferences and the publication of educational articles or
videos;

RISK APPETITE
DEFINITION AND OBJECTIVES
The Group does not have a specific risk appetite target, but some
risks are inherent to its business and therefore to the achievement of
its strategic objectives. It has prepared a Risk Appetite Statement
and Risk Appetite Framework, which should be seen as the Group’s
formal statement of its tolerance to the risks to which it is exposed
as it implements its strategy.
The Risk Appetite Statement is approved on a yearly basis, or more
frequently if necessary, by the Board of directors on the proposal of
Executive Management. Consistent with the Group’s strategy and in
light of the environment in which it operates, this document sets out
the qualitative risk principles it intends to follow in its business
activities, as well as a quantitative mechanism for supervising the
Group’s risk profile indicators through quantitative metrics and
thresholds. This system covers both the quantifiable and
non‑quantifiable risks to which it is exposed.
The Group’s risk appetite is determined by Executive Management,
during various committees it chairs (CCDG, FMRC, Group ALCo,
Capital Committee), which are tasked with managing the Group’s
different types of risk exposure. The Group’s strategic processes,

400

such as budget, capital and liquidity management, are in line with
the Risk Appetite Statement. Certain Risk Appetite Statement
indicators are included in the budget exercise and their expected
values in the budget are cross‑checked against the thresholds in the
Risk Appetite Statement.
The Group’s Risk Appetite Statement reflects the core values of its
risk culture. It states that the Group’s risk culture and its
commitments as a responsible bank are at the heart of its strategy.
The statement reaffirms the Group’s mission: to finance the
economy, advise its clients and help to finance their projects, guided
by strong ethical principles. The Group’s strategy underpinning its
risk appetite is founded on the core principles that have guided its
development: a balance between business activities to deliver
profitability and stability, a customer‑focused business model and an
integrated banking model to optimise services to the latter. This
strategy also factors developments in the banking industry, including
the trend towards a digital model, and a macroeconomic situation
marked by still high interest rates, in a context of particularly critical
geopolitical risk, while certain sectors of the economy show higher
levels of risk.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Risk management [Audited]

■ non‑compliance risk:

RISK PRINCIPLES
The risk principles aim to define the types of risk the Group is
prepared to accept in support of its business strategy.
They include the following in particular:
■ diversification and risk‑adjusted profitability:

The Group seeks to generate sustainable, client‑driven, risk
adjusted profits. Sustainable profitability will be achieved based
on selectivity and controlled evolution of BNP Paribas assets,
and the pursuit of a diversified business model. Whilst the
Group accepts some level of earnings volatility, it remains
attentive to contain, at all times, the level of maximum
potential losses in an adverse scenario;
■ solvency and profitability:

BNP Paribas has sufficient capital to cope with stress scenarios
and to meet regulatory capitalisation standards in force. In the
course of serving its clients, BNP Paribas accepts exposure to
risks when it earns a proper return over an acceptable time
frame, and when its potential impacts seem acceptable;
■ funding and liquidity:

the Group ensures that the diversification of and balance
between its resources and uses of funds correspond to a
conservative funding strategy, allowing it to withstand adverse
liquidity scenarios. The Group makes sure that it complies with
the regulatory liquidity ratios in force;
■ credit risk:

The Group only accepts exposure on customers it knows well,
based on comprehensive information, and pays close attention
to the structure of the financing it grants. The Group builds and
maintains a diversified risk portfolio, avoiding large
concentrations (especially on single names, industries and
countries) and ensures that it complies with the concentration
policies in force;
■ market risk:

The Group manages market risks (interest rates, equities,
currencies, commodities) within the following framework:
■

■

5

The Group is committed to compliance with all applicable
laws and regulations. It undertakes to implement a system to
manage the risk of non‑compliance, including through special
programmes dedicated to the most important regulations for
its business,
■ information, communication and technology risk:

The Group endeavours to reduce the risks related to the
security of its information through various awareness actions,
enhanced supervision of outsourced activities, heightened
protection of terminals, incident monitoring, and a
technology watch over IT vulnerabilities and attacks;
■ insurance activities:

BNP Paribas Cardif is exposed mainly to credit, underwriting
and market risks. The entity closely monitors its exposures and
profitability, taking into account its risks and the adequacy of its
capital with regard to solvency rules. It endeavours to contain
potential losses in adverse scenarios at acceptable levels;
■ risk associated with social and environmental responsibility:

The Group is particularly sensitive to its customers’
performance in terms of social and environmental
responsibility, believing that this could have a material impact
on its customers’ risk profile and, consequently, their solvency,
in addition to being a major reputational risk. BNP Paribas takes
social and environmental risks into consideration when
assessing customer‑related risks. The Group also tracks these
risks as part of the conduct of its own business, the conduct of
its counterparties’ business and of its investments on its own
behalf or on behalf of third parties.

SUPERVISION OF RISK PROFILE INDICATORS
The Risk Appetite Statement sets out the indicators that measure the
Group’s risk profile for its risk exposure categories.
Risk level thresholds are assigned to each metric. When these
thresholds are reached, they trigger an established process to
inform Executive Management and the Board of directors, and if
need be, to implement action plans.

for activities in the capital markets that are
customer‑focused, BNP Paribas intends to keep its market
risk profile in line with this customer‑focused business mode,

These indicators are monitored quarterly in the risk dashboards
presented to the CCIRC.

interest rate risk associated with its banking book with the
aim of stabilising its results on an ongoing basis to within
acceptable limits;

For example, the following ratios (described in the Key figures of
section 5.1 Annual Risk survey) are included in the Risk Appetite
statement indicators:

■ operational risk:

The Group aims to protect its customers, employees and
shareholders from operational risk. To do so it has developed a
risk management infrastructure based on identifying potential
risks, strategies to mitigate risk, and actions to raise awareness
of these risks. Some specific risks have resulted in the definition
of dedicated principles, in particular:

5

■ the solvency ratios (CET1, Tier 1, total own funds, TLAC, MREL

and leverage ratio);
■ the balance of the breakdown of risk‑weighted assets by

business line;
■ the cost of risk on loans outstandings (in annualised basis

points) and doubtful loans on gross outstandings ratio;
■ the liquidity ratios (LCR and NSFR).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

401

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Risk management [Audited]

STRESS TESTING
In 2025, BNP Paribas will participate in the EU‑wide stress test
organised every other year by the European Banking Authority.

To ensure dynamic risk supervision and management, the Group has
implemented a comprehensive stress testing framework.

BNP Paribas entities also take part in stress test exercises
organised by local supervisors. In 2024, as in previous years,
BNP Paribas’ Singapore Branch took part in the stress test
exercise organised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. In
2024, BNP Paribas’ Hong Kong Branch also took part on a
voluntary basis in a climate stress test exercise organised by
the Hong Kong Monetary Authority.

STRESS TESTING FRAMEWORK
The stress testing framework forms an integral part of the risk
management and financial monitoring system and is used with a
threefold objective of forward‑looking risk management, planning of
regulatory resources and liquidity requirements, and optimisation of
the deployment of these resources within the Group, mainly through
the Group’s and its main entities’ ICAAP and ILAAP processes.

■ internal stress tests:

Different types of stress tests

■

There are two types of stress tests:
■ regulatory stress tests:

These involve primarily the stress tests requested by the
European Banking Authority, the European Central Banks, or any
other supervisory authority.
In 2024, BNP Paribas participated in the One‑off Fit‑for‑55
climate risk scenario analysis organised by the European
Banking Authority under the mandate it received jointly with
EIOPA and ESMA from the European Commission to assess the
ability of the European financial sector to participate in the
financing of energy transition, and more specifically the level of
investment required for the European Union to meet its
commitment of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 55% by
2030. The participation of BNP Paribas in the exercise, like that
of the other 110 banks involved in the exercise, consisted in
providing information on selected credit risk and market risk
exposures as well as on revenues pertaining to climate risk
(greenhouse gas emissions of corporate clients, energy
performance certificates and asset location of financed assets
for selected residential and commercial real estate portfolios).
BNP Paribas did not participate in projection work, which was
performed by the European Banking Authority and the European
Central Bank for the banking sector and whose results were
made public by the European Banking Authority, the EIOPA, the
ESMA and the European Central Bank on 19 November 2024. In
2024, BNP Paribas also took part in the cyber resilience stress
test exercise organised by the European Central Bank.
In 2023, BNP Paribas took part in the EU‑wide stress test
organised by the European Banking Authority and the European
Central Bank. The exercise was conducted across a panel of 70
banks representing 75% of total assets of the banking system in
the European Union. As in previous years, macroeconomic
scenarios and a certain number of methodological assumptions
were applied to all banks for comparison purposes. A
macroeconomic stress scenario was used to test the impact on
exposure to credit, market and operational risks, and revenue
(net interest income and commissions) and applied to the P&L
account, risk weighted assets and capital aggregates.

402

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

■

stress tests dedicated to risk anticipation: they contribute to
the forward‑looking risk management, in particular of credit,
market, counterparty, interest rates in the banking book,
operational, activity and liquidity risks. The results of the
transverse stress tests are used, among other purposes, to
formulate the Bank’s risk appetite and periodically measure
its risk profile. They are periodically submitted to Group
Executive Management as well as the Board of directors’
Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance
Committee (CCIRC) through the quarterly Group risk
dashboard. Moreover, ad hoc stress testing is performed,
when appropriate, within Risk & Development Policy
Committees, portfolio reviews or Country Strategic
Committees to identify and assess areas of vulnerability
within the Group’s portfolios,
stress tests for the budget process: they contribute to
three‑year capital planning. Stress tests are carried out
annually as part of the budget process and are included in
the ICAAP and the ILAAP. They are reviewed at divisional and
business line level before being consolidated at Group level
to provide a comprehensive view of the impact on the Bank’s
capital, liquidity and earnings.
The calculated final output is a comprehensive range of
projected Group’s solvency ratios, as well as possible
adjustment measures. The scenarios used, the outcomes of
the stress tests and the proposed possible adjustment
measures (such as reducing exposures to a sub‑segment, cost
reduction initiatives, or changes in funding or liquidity
policies, etc.) are included in the budget synthesis report
presented to the Group Executive Management and to the
Board of directors at the end of the budget process. In
addition, in the Group’s ICAAP, its solvency can be analysed in
adverse scenarios other than an adverse budget scenario,
defined by risk topics occasionally identified by the Group,

■

reverse stress tests: they are conducted as part of the Bank’s
recovery and resolution plan and ICAAP. Reverse stress tests
consist of identifying scenarios likely to result in a drop in the
Bank’s solvency ratios to levels set in advance in line with
the methods of use in question. These exercises enable any
areas where the Bank is fragile in terms of changes in certain
risk factors to be detected and facilitate in‑depth analyses of
the remedial actions that could be implemented by business
lines or Group‑wide.

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Risk management [Audited]

Governance and implementation

INTERNAL STRESS TEST SCENARIO DEFINITION

This stress testing framework is based on a well‑defined governance,
with responsibilities shared between the Group and operating
entities in order to encourage operational integration and relevance
and, in particular, to develop internal stress test practices required
for proper risk management and Group resource planning.

In stress testing exercises, it is common practice to distinguish the
baseline scenario from one or several alternative scenarios. A
macroeconomic scenario is typically a set of macroeconomic and
financial variables (GDP and its components, inflation, employment
and unemployment, interest and exchange rates, stock prices,
commodity prices, etc.) projected over a given future period.

The Finance, RISK and ALM Treasury Functions have created a
shared team, Stress Testing and Financial Simulations (“STFS”),
responsible for developing stress testing, ICAAP, internal capital and
financial simulations capabilities planning across the Group’s
entities and activities.
The STFS team is responsible in particular for:
■ the definition and the implementation of the Group’s target

structure in terms of stress testing and ICAAP while covering
the associated organisational issues, modelisation, IT systems
and governance;
■ the performance of all of the Group’s stress testing exercises,

relying in particular on existing teams within the RISK and
Finance Functions;
■ the support of the stress test and ICAAP initiatives of the

Group’s business lines and legal entities in order to ensure
overall consistency and streamline procedures;
■ the coordination of the Group’s financial simulation system and

its adaptation to the challenges of SREP;
■ the Group’s risk identification process;
■ the production of the Group’s ICAAP report and, for certain risks,

the quantification of internal capital.
Stress test methodologies are tailored to the main categories of risk
and subject to independent review.
Stress tests may be run at Group, business line or portfolio level,
dedicated to one or more risk types and on a more or less large
number of variables depending on the pursued objective. Where
appropriate, the results of quantitative models may be adjusted on
the basis of expert judgement.
Since its creation, the Group’s stress testing framework has evolved
continuously in order to integrate the most recent developments in
stress tests, whether in terms of methodologies or improved
operational integration in the Group’s management processes. The
stress test framework by type of risks is detailed in
sections 5.4 Credit risk, 5.6 Counterparty credit risk and 5.7 Market
risk. In this context, the Group is engaged in the development of a
climate stress testing infrastructure, covering scenarios (see below),
data and models and methodologies, as well as encompassing both
transition and physical risks, which are the two main risk types into
which climate risk materialises.

5

Macroeconomic stress tests
Baseline scenario
The baseline scenario is considered as the most likely scenario over
the projection horizon. The baseline scenario is designed by Group
Economic Research in collaboration with various functions and
business lines possessing a specific expertise, in particular:
■ Group ALM Treasury for interest rates;
■ Wealth Management for equity indices;
■ BNP Paribas Real Estate regarding commercial real estate;
■ Local economists (BNP Paribas Fortis, BNL, TEB, BNP Paribas

Polska) when regional expertise is required;
■ Stress Testing & Financial Simulations (STFS) for coordination

and overall consistency of the scenario.
The global scenario is made up of regional and national scenarios
(Eurozone, France, Italy, Belgium, Spain, Germany, United Kingdom,
Poland, Türkiye, United States, Japan, China, India, Russia, etc.)
consistent with each other.

5

Alternative scenarios
Depending on the exercise, one or more alternative scenarios may be
used for stress tests.
STFS produces three types of alternative scenarios on a regular
basis, in collaboration with the same functions and business lines as
those requested in the central scenario: an adverse scenario, a
severe scenario and a favourable scenario.
■ The adverse scenario describes one or several potential shocks

to the economic and financial environment – i.e. the
materialisation of one or several risks to the baseline scenario –
over the projection horizon. An adverse scenario is thus always
designed in relation to a baseline scenario. The shocks
associated with the adverse scenario are translated in the set of
macroeconomic and financial variables listed above in the form
of deviations from their value in the baseline scenario.
■ The severe scenario is an aggravated version of the adverse

scenario.
■ The

favourable scenario reflects the impact of the
materialisation of risks with a positive effect on the economy.

Construction of scenarios
The baseline, adverse, severe and favourable scenarios are revised
quarterly to monitor the Bank’s risk appetite metrics and credit
provision calculations within the framework of IFRS 9.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

403

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Risk management [Audited]

They are validated during committee involving the Group Executive
Management for scenarios used in the Group’s budget process
(second and third quarters of the year). For the other two quarterly
exercises, scenarios are validated jointly by the Group Chief Risk
Officer and the Group Chief Financial Officer.

Lastly, in an adverse budget scenario, risks appertaining to the Group
and its business activities and not forming part of the adverse
macroeconomic scenario are added. They are identified and
quantified either by the Group’s businesses or centrally for those
likely to impact the Group as a whole.

The scenarios are then used to calculate expected losses (or profit
and loss impact in the case of market risks) over the year for all
Group portfolios:

Climate stress tests

■ For portfolios exposed to credit or counterparty risk and for the

equity portfolio of the banking book: this calculation measures
the impact of the scenario on the cost of risk and risk‑weighted
assets due to the deterioration of the portfolio quality resulting
from the macroeconomic scenario, or adverse moves in equity
prices. Credit risk stress tests are performed on the Bank’s
entire portfolio for all regions and all prudential portfolios,
namely Retail, Corporates and Institutions;
■ For market portfolios: the changes in value and their profit and

loss impact are calculated by simulating a one‑time shock,
which is consistent with the overall scenario.
The above calculations and related methodologies for stress tests on
credit and market risks are coordinated centrally at Group level by
STFS team. They also involve various teams of experts at Group and
territory’s levels in their implementation and design.

404

Beyond macroeconomic stress tests, the field of climate stress tests
is developing rapidly. In this context, the Group is engaged in the
analysis, adaptation and creation of transition and physical risk
scenarios.
With regard to transition risk, the analysis and adaptation works are
based at this stage on the work of the NGFS (Network for Greening
the Financial System), pioneer in this field. For the Group’s internal
requirements in terms of climate stress tests, NGFS scenarios can be
adjusted and adapted, so that they are more in touch with most
recent developments (e.g. at the macroeconomic level) or that they
are more specifically adapted to the Group’s portfolios. In addition, in
collaboration with other companies and institutions, the Group is
taking part in the initiative to define transition scenarios with more
precise sectoral aspects that are relevant to assess transition risk.
The physical risk scenarios used by the Group at this stage focus on
geographies with significant Retail Banking activities in Europe.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

5.4 Credit risk
Credit risk is the consequence resulting from the likelihood that a borrower or counterparty will fail to meet its obligations in accordance
with agreed terms. The probability of default and the expected recovery on the loan or receivable in the event of default are key
components of the credit quality assessment.

EXPOSURE TO CREDIT RISK
The following table shows the gross exposure of all of the
BNP Paribas Group’s assets exposed to credit risk. The banking book
securitisation positions as well as derivatives and repurchase
agreements exposed to counterparty risk are excluded from this
section and presented respectively in section 5.5 and 5.6.

The main differences between the carrying amounts of the
prudential balance sheet and the risk exposure amounts used for
regulatory purposes are presented in Table 10 in the Scope of
Application section of section 5.2 Capital management and capital
adequacy.

In accordance with Implementing Regulation (EU) No. 2021/637,
equity exposures under the standardised approach and using the
simple weighting method are included in this section.

These gross exposure amounts do not take into account guarantee
and collateral received by the Group in its normal credit risk
management operations (see section Credit risk mitigation
techniques).

5

➤ TABLE 25: CREDIT RISK EXPOSURE BY ASSET CLASS AND APPROACH
31 December 2024

Exposure

Simple
weighting
method

31 December 2023

Total

Total

Total –
excluding
foreign
exchange
effect

33,179

465,520

(62,318)

(68,063)

671,642

118,053

789,694

16,800

9,410

79,504

45,783

23,879

69,662

9,841

9,168

447,226

281,501

164,781

446,282

944

(1,174)

14,133

(2,197)

(2,241)

IRB Standardised
approach approach(1)

In millions of euros

IRB Standardised
approach approach(1)

Central governments and
central banks

364,667

38,535

403,202

432,341

Corporates

681,194

125,301

806,495

Institutions(2)

57,643

21,860

Retail

281,579

165,647

Equity

266

Other items(3)
TOTAL

Total

Simple
weighting
method

11,936

540

8,716

8,716

5,626

5,626

3,089

3,087

951

70,397

71,348

1,327

36,948

38,276

33,072

32,837

1,386,035

430,722

11,669 1,828,426 1,432,594

383,007

13,593 1,829,194

(768)

(16,975)

Units or shares in collective
investment undertakings

11,669

Variation

13,593

(1) In the following paragraphs, standardised credit risk exposures are reported according to the regulatory standardised classification.
(2) Institutions asset class comprises credit institutions and investment firms, including those recognised in other countries. It also includes some exposures to regional
and local authorities, public sector agencies and multilateral development banks that are not treated as central government authorities.
(3) Other non‑credit obligation assets include tangible assets, accrued income and residual values.

Exposure related to loan acquisitions on the secondary market in 2024 only accounts for a marginal amount.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

405

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

TRENDS IN CREDIT RISK EXPOSURE
The decrease of credit risk exposure, excluding the foreign exchange
effect, was -EUR 17 billion in 2024. The foreign exchange effect of
+EUR 16 billion is mainly explained by the appreciation of the US
dollar.
Including those effects, the main changes by exposure class are the
following:
■ the -EUR 62.3 billion decrease in central governments and

central banks arising from a reduction of liquidity placed in the
European Central Banks;
■ the +EUR 33.1 billion increase in Other items following the full

consolidation in the prudential scope since 1 July 2024 of the
entities of the Arval business under exclusive control;
■ the +EUR 16.8 billion increase in corporate activity driven by

CIB, notably in North America, offset by CPBS, mainly in France;
■ the +EUR 9.8 billion increase in Institutions, mainly in Europe.

APPROACHES USED TO CALCULATE
CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS
BNP Paribas has opted for the most advanced approaches allowed
under Basel 3. In accordance with the European Directive and its
transposition into French law, in 2007 the supervisor authorised the
Group to use internal models to calculate capital requirements
starting on 1 January 2008.
For credit risk, the share of gross exposures under the IRBA approach
was 75% at 31 December 2024, down slightly compared to
31 December 2023.
This significant scope includes in particular Corporate & Institutional
Banking (CIB), Commercial & Personal Banking in France (CPBF).
Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium (CPBB), BNL bc, Personal
Finance and Commercial & Personal Banking in Luxembourg (CPBL).
The IRBA scope nevertheless excludes certain entities such as those
subsidiaries in the Europe‑Mediterranean business lines.
Within the scope of equity exposures, the Group has mainly opted for
the simple weighting method.

➤ FIGURE 7: GROSS CREDIT RISK EXPOSURE BY APPROACH
At 31 December 2024

75% (2023: 78%)

1% (2023: 1%)
Simple
risk-weight
method

IRBA approach

24% (2023: 21%)
Standardised
approach

Total: EUR 1,828 billion
(2023: EUR 1,829 billion)

406

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

The amounts and percentages below are presented net of provisions for credit risk.

➤ TABLE 26: SCOPE OF THE USE OF IRB AND SA APPROACHES (EU CR6‑A)
a

b

c

d

e

31 December 2024
(2)

Exposure for purposes of leverage ratio

In millions of euros

1

Central governments or central banks

Total exposure value
for exposures
subject to the
Standardised
Exposure value for
exposures subject to approach and to the
IRB approach
IRB approach(1)
364,093

Percentage of total
exposure value Percentage of total
subject to the
exposure value
permanent partial subject to a roll‑out
use of the SA (%)
plan (%)

404,609

0.83%

0.62%

1.1

of which Regional governments or local
authorities

3,389

59.43%

40.57%

1.2

of which Public sector entities

2,474

54.31%

45.69%

Percentage of total
exposure value
subject to IRB
Approach (%)
98.55%

2

Institutions

45,122

73,955

0.01%

22.33%

77.67%

3

Corporates

480,935

785,952

0.46%

13.68%

85.85%

3.1
4

of which Specialised lending, IRB approach
Retail

80,322
278,077

402,857

100.00%
3.29%

10.45%

86.26%

4.1

of which secured by real estate SMEs

10,959

11,301

100.00%

4.2

of which secured by real estate non‑SMEs

185,517

184,896

100.00%

4.3

of which qualifying revolving

9,881

11,406

100.00%

4.4

of which SMEs

29,746

29,608

100.00%

4.5

of which Other retail

41,975

40,607

100.00%

11,660

17,672

951

951

1,180,838

1,685,997

5

Equity

6

Other non‑credit obligation assets

7

TOTAL

33.97%

5

66.03%
100.00%

1.20%

10.36%

88.44%

(1) EAD value used in the risk‑weighted assets calculation for the purpose of solvency ratio, pursuant to article 166 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013.
(2) Exposure value used as a measure of exposure for the purpose of leverage ratio, pursuant to article 249 of Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

407

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

31 December 2023
Exposure for purposes of leverage ratio(2)

In millions of euros

1

Central governments or central banks

Total exposure value
for exposures
subject to the
Standardised
Exposure value for
exposures subject to approach and to the
IRB approach
IRB approach(1)
431,674

Percentage of total
exposure value Percentage of total
subject to the
exposure value
permanent partial subject to a roll‑out
use of the SA (%)
plan (%)

473,358

1.35%

7.32%

1.1

of which Regional governments or local
authorities

5,790

12.96%

87.04%

1.2

of which Public sector entities

3,194

2.50%

97.50%

2
3
3.1
4

Institutions

37,244

61,342

0.16%

25.62%

Corporates

482,551

771,380

0.64%

13.14%

of which Specialised lending, IRB approach
Retail

79,066
278,276

400,428

91.33%

74.21%
86.22%
100.00%

2.80%

27.85%

69.35%

4.1

of which secured by real estate SMEs

10,675

11,014

100.00%

4.2

of which secured by real estate non‑SMEs

185,085

184,492

100.00%

4.3

of which qualifying revolving

10,051

11,533

100.00%

4.4

of which SMEs

30,819

30,745

100.00%

4.5

of which Other retail

41,644

39,918

100.00%

5

Equity

13,581

19,028

6

Other non‑credit obligation assets

1,327

1,327

7

TOTAL

1,244,653

1,726,864

0.00%

28.57%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

71.43%
100.00%

1.31%

15.56%

(1) EAD value used in the risk‑weighted assets calculation for the purpose of solvency ratio, pursuant to article 166 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013.
(2) Exposure value used as a measure of exposure for the purpose of leverage ratio, pursuant to article 249 of Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876.

408

Percentage of total
exposure value
subject to IRB
Approach (%)

83.13%

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY
CREDIT POLICIES [Audited]
The Bank’s lending activities are governed by the Global Credit
Policy. It applies to all Group activities that generate credit or
counterparty risk. The Global Credit Policy provides general
principles (including the risk assessment and decision‑making
process, adherence to the highest standards of compliance and
ethics) applicable to all credit risk, as well as specific principles
applicable to country risk, sector risks, clients selection and the
transaction structures. It is supplemented by specific policies
tailored to certain type of business or counterparty.
These credit policies are regularly updated in line with
developments in the credit environment in which the Group
operates.
BNP Paribas takes ESG criteria into account in its credit
decision‑making processes. For more details, see chapter 5.11
Environmental, social and governance risk.

INDIVIDUAL DECISION- MAKING PROCEDURES
[Audited]

A system of discretionary credit delegations has been established,
under which all lending decisions must be approved by managers or
representatives of the business teams, with the concurrence of a
formally designated RISK representative. Approvals are
systematically evidenced in writing, possibly electronically either by
means of a signed approval form or in the minutes of formal Credit
Committee meetings. Discretionary credit delegations correspond to
aggregate commitments by business group and vary according to
internal credit ratings and the specific nature of the business
concerned. All transactions proposed are subject to a detailed review
of the borrower’s current and future position. The review, conducted
when granting the transaction and updated at least on an annual
basis, is designed to ensure the Group has a comprehensive
understanding of the borrower and can monitor any potential
changes in its situation. Certain types of lending commitments, such
as loans to financial institutions, sovereign loans and loans to
customers operating in certain industries that are exposed to cyclical
risks or to a rapid pace of change, are subject to specific
authorisation procedures and require the sign‑off of an industry
expert or designated specialist. In Retail Banking, simplified
procedures are applied, based on statistical decision‑making aids.
Credit applications must comply with the Bank’s Global Credit Policy
and any relevant specific policies. Material exceptions undergo a
special approval process. Before making any commitments,
BNP Paribas carries out an in‑depth review of any known
development plans of the borrower, and ensures that it has thorough
knowledge of all the structural aspects of the borrower’s operations
and that adequate monitoring will be possible.
The General Management Credit Committee (CCDG) is the highest
level Group committee for all decisions related to credit and
counterparty risk. It has in particular ultimate decision‑making
authority for all credit applications notably for amounts in excess of
individual discretionary credit delegations or applications that would
not comply with the Global Credit Policy.

MONITORING AND PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
PROCEDURES [Audited]
Monitoring exposures
A comprehensive risk monitoring system is organised around control
units, which are responsible for ensuring that lending commitments
comply with the credit decision, that credit risk reporting data are
reliable and that risks are effectively monitored. Daily irregular
exception reports are produced and various early warning tools are
used to identify early the deterioration of credit risks. The various
monitoring levels are carried out under the supervision of RISK.
Non‑performing loans or those placed under credit watch (see
Exposures, provisions and cost of risk) are overseen more closely via
dedicated quarterly committee meetings (see the Governance part of
section 5.3 Risk management). To supplement this mechanism, the
Doubtful Committee meets on a monthly basis to validate the
proposed changes in individual provisions for doubtful loans for
which an adjustment is necessary based on expected financial flows.
The responsibilities of the control teams include the monitoring of
exposures against approved authorisations, covenants, and
guarantees. This allows the identification of any signs of
deterioration against the risk profile approved by the Credit
Committee. Control teams flag up (to the RISK teams and business
units) any cases that fail to comply with Credit Committee decisions
and oversee their resolution. In some cases, a specific alert is sent to
the senior management of RISK and of the relevant business unit.
These are mainly where exceptions remain unresolved and/or where
there are serious indications of deterioration in the risk profile
compared with that approved by the Credit Committee.

5

Furthermore, since 2018 the General Credit Policy has included
specific checks to be conducted for loans granted to clients
presenting high leverage ratios, in accordance with European Central
Bank guidelines.

Overall portfolio management and monitoring
The selection and careful evaluation of individual risks taken are
supported by a monitoring and risk control system based on more
aggregated portfolio levels in terms of division/business line, regions,
industry, business/product.
The overall portfolio management policy, including concentration of
risk by single name, industry and country, is based on this
monitoring system and Group Risk Committees review all reports
and analyses produced:
■ risk concentration by country is managed through country risk

limits that are set at the appropriate level of delegated
authority for each country. The Group, which is naturally
present in most economically active areas endeavours to avoid
excessive concentrations of risk in countries with a high
geopolitical risk or unstable political structures or which
economic position has been undermined. Country envelope
limits are reviewed at least once a year, and quarterly reports
are drawn up on their use;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

409

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

■ the Group

closely monitors individual concentrations, in
particular on business groups, corporates, banks or sovereign
debts. These concentrations are reported in the quarterly risk
report to CCIRC. Related policies implemented by the Group are
described under Credit risk diversification of this section;

■ impairment valuation procedure for defaulted exposures:

Monthly, RISK reviews corporate, bank and sovereign loans
requiring a review of their impairment, to determine the
amount of any decrease in value to be recognised, either by
reducing the carrying amount or by recording a provision for
impairment, in accordance with applicable accounting
standards (see note 1.f.5 Impairment of financial assets
measured at amortised cos and debt instruments measured at
fair value through shareholders’ equity to the consolidated
financial statements).

■ regular reviews by the Group are carried out of portfolios in

certain industries, either because of the magnitude of the
Group’s exposure to the sector or because of sector‑specific
risks, such as the cyclical nature of the industry or rapid
technological developments. In these reviews, special focus is
placed on ESG issues in potentially sensitive sectors. The Group
draws on the expertise of the relevant business lines and
independent industry specialists working in RISK (Industry and
Sector Studies). These reviews provide Executive Management,
and if appropriate the CCIRC, with an overview of the Group’s
exposure to the sector under consideration, and assist it to
decide on strategic guidelines. As an illustration, in 2023, an
internal portfolio review was undertaken on Petrol & Gas,
Electricity generation, Commercial real estate, Metals & Mining,
and Automotive;

The Group uses various methodologies (expert opinions,
statistical calculations) for defaulted exposures to retail
customers. These impairments are referred to as stage 3. The
amount of this impairment loss is based on the present value of
probable recovered net cash flows under various scenarios and
including from the possible realisation of the collateral held.
Estimated expected cash flows also includes a cash flow
scenario from the possible sale of non‑performing loans or all
loans. Proceeds from the sale is net of costs associated to the
sale.

■ Stress tests assess portfolio vulnerabilities by measuring the

impact of various adverse scenarios. They are conducted on a
quarterly basis on the entire portfolio and on an ad hoc basis
on sub‑portfolios to identify any concentrations. They help to
ensure that the Bank’s credit risk exposure is in line with its risk
appetite.
Lastly, BNP Paribas may use credit risk transfer instruments, such as
securitisation programmes, credit derivatives or credit insurance, to
mitigate individual risks, reduce portfolio concentration or cap
potential losses arising from crisis scenarios.

IMPAIRMENT VALUATION PROCEDURES [Audited]
The Group applies the impairment procedures described below for
all loans subject to impairment (see note 1.f.5 Impairment of
financial assets at amortised cost and of debt instruments at market
value through shareholders’ equity to the consolidated financial
statements):
■ impairment valuation procedure for performing loans:

A loss allowance for loans in stage 1 or stage 2 is constituted by
each operating division based on an estimation of expected
credit losses. This is validated on a quarterly basis during a
committee meeting attended by the Chief Financial Officer and
Chief Risk Officer of each operating division. Estimations of
expected credit losses result from the default risk in the coming
twelve months for financial instruments whose credit risk has
not significantly increased since initial recognition (stage 1) or
upon maturity for unimpaired loans whose credit risk has
significantly increased since initial recognition (stage 2). A tool
used by most of the Group’s business lines enables calculations
to be performed based on the parameters of the rating system
described below and integrating the potential impact of
macroeconomic and sectoral dynamics;

410

RATING SYSTEM [Audited]
Each counterparty is rated internally by the Group using uniform
principles, regardless of the approach used to calculate regulatory
capital requirements.
The Bank has a comprehensive internal rating system compliant
with regulatory requirements regarding capital adequacy. A periodic
assessment and control process has been deployed within the Bank
to ensure that the system is appropriate and correctly implemented.
The system was formally validated by the supervisor in
December 2007 and is inspected on a regular basis.
For loans to institutions, corporates, sovereigns and specialised
lendings, the system is based on three parameters: the
counterparty’s probability of default (PD) expressed via a rating, the
Global Recovery Rate (GRR) or its complement, Loss Given Default
(LGD), which depends on the structure of the transaction, and the
Credit Conversion Factor (CCF), which estimates the off‑balance
sheet exposure at risk.
There are twelve counterparty ratings. Ten cover performing clients
with credit assessments ranging from “excellent” to “very
concerning”, and two relate to clients classified as in default, as per
the definition by the banking supervisor.
Confirmation or amendments to the probability of default
parameters and GRR applicable to each transaction are reviewed at
least once a year as part of the loan approval process or annual
credit review. These are based on the combined expertise of business
line staff and, as a second look, the RISK representatives (who have
the final say in case of disagreement). It uses appropriate tools
including analysis aids and credit scoring systems. The decision to
use these tools and the choice of technique depends on the nature of
the risk.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

For retail counterparties, the system is also based on three
parameters: Probability of Default (PD), the Global Recovery Rate
(GRR) and the Credit Conversion Factor (CCF). On the other hand,
rating methods are applied automatically to determine the loan
parameters.
Internal estimates of risk parameters are used in the Bank’s
day‑to‑day management in line with regulation recommendations.
Thus, apart from calculating capital requirements, they are used for
example when setting delegated limits, granting new loans or
reviewing existing loans to measure profitability, determine
impairments and for book analyses.

➤ TABLE 27: INDICATIVE MAPPING OF INTERNAL

Non‑Investment
Grade

Default

The Group has developed an indicative equivalence between the
Bank’s internal ratings and the long‑term issuer ratings assigned by
the major rating agencies. Nevertheless, the Bank has a much
broader clientele than just those counterparties rated by an external
rating agency. An indicative equivalence is not relevant in Retail
Banking. It is used when the internal ratings are assigned or
reviewed in order to identify any differences between the Bank’s
assessment of a borrower’s probability of default and that of one or
more of the rating agencies. However, the internal ratings do not aim
to reproduce or even approximate the external ratings. There are
significant variances in both directions within the portfolio. Some
counterparties rated 6 or 7 by BNP Paribas could be considered
Investment Grade by the rating agencies.
For further details, see the sections Internal rating system –
sovereign, financial institution, corporate and specialised financing
portfolios and Internal rating system specific to retail customers.

COUNTERPARTY RATING WITH AGENCY RATING
SCALE AND AVERAGE EXPECTED PD

Investment Grade

5

Internal rating
BNP Paribas

LT Issuer/
Unsecured
issuer’s ratings
S&P/Fitch

Average expected PD

1+

AAA

0.01%

1

AA+

0.01%

1-

AA

0.01%

2+

AA-

0.02%

Quantitative models have been developed and are used to connect
credit risk and rating migration parameters with macroeconomic
and financial variables projected in stress testing scenarios (see
section 5.3 Stress testing), for historical data as well as the relevant
forecast period.

2

A+/A

0.03%

The quality of the methods used is guaranteed by:
■ strict governance in terms of the separation of duties and

2-

A-

0.04%

3+/3/3-

BBB+

0.06% to 0.10%

4+/4/4-

BBB

0.13 to 0.21%

5+/5/5-

BBB-

0.26% to 0.48%

6+

BB+

0.69%

6/6-

BB

1.00% to 1.46%

7+/7

BB-

2.11% to 3.07%

7-

B+

4.01%

8+/8/8-

B

5.23% to 8.06%

9+/9/9-

B-

9.53% to 13.32%

10+

CCC

15.75%

10

CC

18.62%

10-

C

21.81%

11

D

100%

12

D

100%

CREDIT RISK STRESS TESTING

responsibilities;

5

■ a review of existing systems (models, methodologies, tools) by

an independent entity;
■ periodic evaluation of the effectiveness and pertinence of the

system as a whole.
This governance is based on internal policies and procedures, the
supervision of the Credit Risk Stress Testing Committees by business
line and the integration of the stress tests within the risk
management system.
The central stress testing framework is consistent with the structure
defined in the EBA guidelines for European stress tests:
■ it is based on the parameters used to calculate capital

requirements (regulatory EAD, PD and LGD);
■ the expected loss conditional to the macroeconomy is used as a

measure of the cost of risk resulting from new defaults;
■ the stressed cost of risk is supplemented with impacts on

stage 1 and 2 provisions and provisions on the outstanding
non‑performing loans;
■ the regulatory capital stress testing is performed on the basis of

rating migrations, default events, and the stressed regulatory
PD used in calculating regulatory capital requirements.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

411

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

Stress testing of credit risk is used in the evaluation of the Group’s
risk appetite, and more specifically during portfolio reviews. They are
based on models integrated into the risk management and financial
planning processes, shared with the provisions calculation system
and the internal economic measurement of capital requirements.
The system was strengthened and adapted to the evolution of the
risk environment:
■ it integrates consideration of the heterogeneity of sectoral

trajectories according to scenarios, in particular in high
inflation and energy transition contexts;

■ the Forward Looking Adjustment of Internal Rating (FLAIR)

approach makes it possible to include in the projections
developments that are unparalleled in the recent historical
period or likely to lead to rapid changes in the relationships
observed historically between variables. This system is used to
take into account the impact of the rise in recent interest rates
and contributes to the assessment of climate change risks.
The Bank has developed a partnership with the Centre de
Mathématiques appliquées de l’École Polytechnique en France
(CMAP) to ensure access to the most advanced scientific knowledge
in the measurement of climate change risks, cyber risks, uncertainty
and extreme events more generally.

CREDIT RISK DIVERSIFICATION
The Group’s gross exposure to credit risk stood at EUR 1,817 billion
at 31 December 2024, stable compared to 31 December 2023 with
EUR 1,815 billion. This portfolio, which is analysed below in terms of
its diversification, comprises all exposures to credit risk shown in
Table 25, excluding equity exposures under the simple weighting
method, shown in the section Credit risk: equities under the simple
weighting method.
These exposure amounts are based on the gross carrying value of
the financial assets. They do not include collateral taken by the
Group in its normal credit risk management operations (see section
Credit risk mitigation techniques).
No single counterparty gives rise to an excessive concentration of
credit risk, due to the size of the business and the high level of
industrial and geographical diversification of the client base. The
breakdown of credit risks by industry and by region is presented in
the tables hereafter.
This risk is mainly assessed through the monitoring of the indicators
shown below.

412

SINGLE NAME CONCENTRATION
The single name concentration risk of the portfolio is subject to
regular monitoring. It is assessed on the basis of the total
commitments at client or business group level and is based on two
types of monitoring:

Monitoring of large exposures
Article 395 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of 26 June 2013
establishes a limit of 25% of the Bank’s capital for exposure by
business group (after exemptions and taking credit risk mitigation
techniques into account).
BNP Paribas is well below the concentration thresholds set by this
regulation. The exposure (as defined above) of a client or a group of
connected clients never exceeds 10% of the Bank’s eligible capital.

Monitoring through individual “single name”
concentration policies
The single name concentration risks are part of the Group’s
concentration policies. They are meant to identify and closely
monitor any single business group with an excessive concentration
of risk to proactively manage individual concentrations relative to
the Group’s Risk Appetite Statement.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

BREAKDOWN BY REGULATORY ASSET CLASS
➤ TABLE 28: CREDIT RISK EXPOSURE BY ASSET CLASS AND APPROACH TYPE
Exposure
In millions of euros

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Central governments or central banks

364,667

432,341

Institutions

57,643

45,783

Corporates

681,194

671,642

Corporates – Specialised financing

81,299

80,020

Corporates – SME

40,129

49,095

Other corporates

559,766

542,527

Retail

281,579

281,501

Retail – Secured by real estate property

185,506

185,070

Retail – Secured by commercial property

11,391

11,106

Retail – Revolving exposures

11,813

11,901

Retail – SME

30,851

31,932

Retail – Other

42,018

41,492

Other risk assets

951

1,327

1,386,035

1,432,594

Central governments or central banks

31,604

29,288

Regional governments or local authorities

3,394

5,793

Public sector entities

2,476

3,196

Multilateral development banks

4,661

1,637

International organisations

1,325

1,279

Institutions

16,528

15,828

Corporates

111,485

106,662

Retail

126,466

124,421

Exposures secured by mortgages on immovable property

42,326

41,726

Exposures in default

10,669

10,062

TOTAL IRB APPROACH

Items associated with particular high risk(1)

5

232

Exposures in the form of units or shares in collective investment undertakings
Equity

8,716

5,626

266

540

Other items

70,575

36,948

TOTAL STANDARDISED APPROACH

430,722

383,007

1,816,757

1,815,602

TOTAL
(1) Immovable property financing exposures whose risk profile may be affected by market conditions.

GEOGRAPHIC DIVERSIFICATION
Country risk is the sum of the risks on all exposures to obligors in the
country concerned. It is not the same as sovereign risk, which is the
sum of all exposures to the central government and its various
branches. Country risk reflects the Bank’s exposure to a given
economic and political environment, which are taken into
consideration when assessing counterparty quality.

The geographic breakdown shown below is based on the
counterparty’s country of residence.
The geographic breakdown of the portfolios is balanced. In 2024, the
Group was particularly attentive to geopolitical risks and the
economic performance of emerging countries.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

413

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

➤ TABLE 29: CREDIT RISK EXPOSURE BY GEOGRAPHIC REGION
Europe(1)

Netherlands

In millions of euros

Total Europe

France

Belgium

Luxembourg

Italy

Central governments or central
banks

251,486

128,238

36,654

21,581

19,061

7,650

16,804

192

21,305

Institutions

33,609

10,045

9,453

659

2,983

1,488

2,079

1,597

5,304

Corporates

463,410

138,168

70,104

28,553

54,197

49,615

31,697

28,306

62,770

Retail

279,920

149,010

84,296

8,987

35,343

586

356

307

1,035

951

951

1,029,376

426,413

200,507

59,781

111,584

59,339

50,936

30,402

90,414

20,896

4,274

111

119

3,943

376

850

131

11,093

Other items
TOTAL IRB APPROACH
Central governments or central
banks
Regional governments or local
authorities

3,152

570

30

318

1,579

22

69

5

558

Public sector entities

2,329

609

31

12

1,510

32

56

7

73

Multilateral development banks

4,038

International organisations

1,324

Institutions

13,033

4,412

470

301

2,378

451

911

195

3,916

Corporates

88,386

20,241

6,128

1,879

13,902

10,621

9,866

2,857

22,894

Retail

112,662

11,873

3,888

226

31,104

16,890

19,332

1,642

27,706

Exposures secured by mortgages
on immovable property

38,528

7,640

8,140

136

1,052

1,374

1,381

5,348

13,458

Exposures in default

9,613

2,779

455

23

2,104

579

1,049

70

2,554

Items associated with particular
high risk(2)

1

1

Exposures in the form of units or
shares in collective investment
undertakings

8,430

4,453

957

1,832

569

122

129

126

242

Equity

4,002
1,036

135

100

37
51

3

197

76

3

98

5

6

5

3

1

Other items

64,717

20,035

5,087

913

8,849

9,436

8,510

1,524

10,363

TOTAL STANDARDISED APPROACH

367,305

77,998

25,436

9,959

67,045

39,946

42,156

11,907

92,859

1,396,681

504,411

225,943

69,739

178,628

99,284

93,092

42,309

183,274

TOTAL

(1) Within the scope of the European Union, the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) and the United Kingdom.
(2) Immovable property financing exposures whose risk profile may be affected by market conditions.

414

Germany

Other
European
countries

United
Kingdom

Exposure

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

31 December 2024
Asia Pacific

Rest of the World
Indian
South‑East peninsula & Total Rest of
Pacific
the World
North Asia Asia (ASEAN)

Mediterranean Gulf States &
basin
Africa

Latin
America

Other
countries

TOTAL

1,556

2,764

2,321

364,667

207

2,483

4,578

956

57,643

1,383

419

4,699

13,387

16,248

681,194

17

78

356

68

118

281,579

North
America

Total Asia
Pacific

Japan

55,400

50,524

27,109

6,002

10,016

7,398

7,258

359

259

6,335

8,297

1,818

4,136

726

1,617

9,402

1,178

126,677

54,971

8,489

17,929

12,527

16,026

36,136

612

410

19

158

191

43

637

Türkiye

951
189,024

114,202

37,434

28,225

23,459

25,084

53,433

2,936

963

9,094

20,798

854

178

72

39

9

58

9,676

5,857

1,780

9

135

237

236

4

-

133

19,643 1,386,035
1,896

31,604

1

3,394

133

2,476

14

14

82

540

492

-

-

770

1,052

131

586

186

150

1,672

1,254

129

121

32

136

16,528

953

7,730

101

3,705

1,937

1,987

14,416

6,355

5,852

654

362

1,193

111,485

232

2,262

8

2,168

9

77

11,311

7,624

1,669

1,142

36

840

126,466

22

478

1

283

148

46

3,297

1,977

1,111

87

10

112

42,326

2

4

1

3

1,051

212

564

199

12

63

10,669

-

-

199

37

49

4,661
-

1,325

231

17

10

2

7

49

231

5

232

44

5

8,716

58

4

4

8

6

1

266

994

2,262

444

1,596

93

130

2,603

1,096

475

83

714

235

70,575

4,170

14,562

775

8,894

2,433

2,461

44,684

24,654

11,945

2,295

1,308

4,482

430,722

193,194

128,764

38,209

37,119

25,892

27,545

98,117

27,590

12,908

11,389

22,106

24,125 1,816,757

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

415

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

Europe(1)

In millions of euros

Total Europe

France

Belgium

Luxembourg

Italy

United
Kingdom

Central governments or central
banks

331,619

207,395

37,758

26,423

21,375

5,385

Exposure

Netherlands

12,086

171

21,026

Institutions

26,044

7,569

8,715

424

1,968

878

1,702

1,799

2,991

Corporates

476,070

147,757

69,813

29,276

60,486

51,736

32,731

25,756

58,516

Retail

279,905

149,927

82,558

9,100

36,145

570

373

265

969

1,327

1,327

Other items
TOTAL IRB APPROACH

1,114,966

513,975

198,843

65,222

119,973

58,568

46,891

27,990

83,503

Central governments or central
banks

22,107

5,821

1,626

328

4,954

122

531

3

8,722

Regional governments or local
authorities

5,454

531

1,142

86

2,961

37

46

15

636

Public sector entities

3,085

583

77

12

1,943

41

37

6

385

Multilateral development banks

1,637

International organisations

1,279

1,030

175

20

51

Institutions

12,460

6,825

268

216

574

780

398

94

3,306

Corporates

87,079

21,905

5,546

1,603

9,518

8,541

8,472

1,492

30,002

1,603

34
3

Retail

111,342

15,373

4,631

287

29,786

15,613

17,516

1,448

26,689

Exposures secured by mortgages
on immovable property

39,057

7,298

7,223

85

949

1,229

2,054

5,666

14,554

Exposures in default

8,850

2,159

342

18

2,020

577

896

70

2,769

Items associated with particular
high risk(2)

-

Exposures in the form of units or
shares in collective investment
undertakings

5,482

3,167

397

1,135

458

97

35

65

128

467

210

-

196

1

27

2

15

16

34,866

20,369

2,365

441

4,074

2,354

3,752

166

1,344

Equity
Other items
TOTAL STANDARDISED APPROACH
TOTAL

333,166

85,270

23,792

6,031

57,288

29,452

33,739

9,040

88,553

1,448,132

599,245

222,635

71,254

177,261

88,020

80,630

37,030

172,056

(1) Within the scope of the European Union and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA).
(2) Immovable property financing exposures whose risk profile may be affected by market conditions.

416

Germany

Other
European
countries

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

31 December 2023
Asia Pacific

Rest of the World

North
America

Total Asia
Pacific

Japan

46,000

47,310

25,137

Indian
South‑East peninsula & Total Rest of
Pacific
the World
North Asia Asia (ASEAN)
6,921

9,171

6,081

Türkiye

Mediterranean Gulf States &
basin
Africa

7,412

404

277

2,121

Latin
America

Other
countries

TOTAL

2,648

1,962

432,341

5,670

7,382

1,454

4,194

705

1,029

6,687

1,059

181

3,105

1,951

390

45,783

108,216

49,882

7,721

17,085

10,813

14,264

37,474

1,200

425

8,603

14,863

12,382

671,642

560

418

20

163

191

45

619

17

72

318

78

134

281,501

-

-

160,445

104,992

34,332

28,363

20,879

21,419

52,191

2,680

955

366

237

53

14

1

168

6,578

4,683

1,672

196

5

5

137

137

1

5,793

1

16

94

3,196

-

-

-

1,637

-

-

-

1,279

299

1,681

12

410

221

1,038

1,388

506

83

265

332

201

15,828

1,000

6,131

51

3,011

1,534

1,535

12,453

4,825

5,136

521

638

1,333

106,662

114

2,460

4

2,107

7

342

10,505

4,864

1,367

1,103

2,475

696

124,421

20

315

1

110

155

48

2,334

1,144

1,076

62

9

44

41,726

8

4

1

1

3

1,200

138

797

200

36

29

10,062

-

-

112

26

58

6

292

972

-

16

1,327

94

14,147

19,540
133

14,868 1,432,594
90

29,288

-

12

73

7

815

2

8

5

-

5

6

4

6

9

76

818

390

293

24

1

5,626

8

1

540

86

25

36,948
383,007

2,467

11,852

206

6,491

1,929

3,226

35,522

16,690

10,518

2,176

3,718

2,420

162,912

116,845

34,537

34,854

22,808

24,645

87,713

19,370

11,473

16,323

23,258

17,288 1,815,601

INDUSTRY DIVERSIFICATION
The sectoral breakdown of the exposure class of non‑financial corporations by industry is available in Table 51 Breakdown of loans and
advances and provisions to non‑financial corporations by industry (EU CQ5).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

417

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS
➤ TABLE 30: CREDIT RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS
RWAs
In millions of euros

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Variation

311,061

287,009

24,052

Central governments or central banks

3,877

4,360

(482)

Institutions

11,043

7,963

3,080

Corporates

237,974

218,425

19,548

Corporates – Specialised financing

29,818

22,918

6,900

Corporates – SME

19,799

21,967

(2,169)

Other corporates

188,357

173,540

14,817

57,947

55,989

1,958

Retail – Secured by real estate property

27,360

23,174

4,186

Retail – Secured by commercial property

2,798

2,880

(82)

Retail – Revolving exposures

2,800

3,366

(566)

Retail – SME

9,336

9,469

(134)

Retail – Other

15,654

17,100

(1,446)

Other risk assets

220

272

(52)

227,092

188,191

38,901

7,463

4,842

2,621

IRB approach

Retail

Standardised approach
Central governments or central banks
Regional governments or local authorities

569

709

(139)

Public sector entities

965

1,110

(145)

Institutions

4,746

5,562

(816)

Corporates

71,688

60,937

10,751

Retail

64,540

62,749

1,791

Exposures secured by mortgages on immovable property

16,855

16,012

843

Exposures in default

5,488

4,957

531

Multilateral development banks
International organisations

Items associated with particular high risk(1)
Exposures in the form of units or shares in collective investment undertakings

10,961

7,838

3,123

Equity

1,704

2,265

(561)

Other items

41,788

21,211

20,578

Equity positions under the simple weighting method

38,949

45,941

(6,992)

Private equity exposures in diversified portfolios

3,836

3,480

357

Listed equity exposures

2,028

3,706

(1,679)

Other equity exposures

33,085

38,755

(5,670)

Other risk exposures

2,500

14,000

(11,500)

579,602

535,141

44,461

CREDIT RISK
(1) Immovable property financing exposures whose risk profile may be affected by market conditions.

418

324

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

➤ TABLE 31: CREDIT RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS MOVEMENTS BY KEY DRIVER (EU CR8)
➤ 4th quarter 2024

a

RWAs
In millions of euros

Capital requirements

Total

of which IRB approach

Total

of which IRB approach

1

30 September 2024

583,396

323,408

46,672

25,873

2

Asset size

(5,193)

(10,742)

(415)

(859)

3

Asset quality

(1,419)

(735)

(114)

(59)

4

Model update

(4,680)

(4,957)

(374)

(397)

5

Methodology and policy

6

Acquisitions and disposals

(784)

34

(63)

3

7

Currency

7,621

5,505

610

440

8

Others

661

(1,452)

53

(116)

9

31 DECEMBER 2024

579,602

311,061

46,368

24,885

➤ Year to 31 December 2024

a

RWAs
In millions of euros

Capital requirements

Total

of which IRB approach

Total

of which IRB approach

535,141

287,009

42,811

22,961

1

31 December 2023

2

Asset size

9,044

887

724

71

3

Asset quality

(1,194)

(1,250)

(95)

(100)

4

Model update

12,960

27,883

1,037

2,231

5

Methodology and policy

1,414

7

113

1

6

Acquisitions and disposals(1)

13,632

(5,832)

1,091

(467)

7

Currency

6,191

4,748

495

380

8

Others

2,412

(2,391)

193

(191)

9

31 DECEMBER 2024

579,602

311,061

46,368

24,885

5

(1) Including risk‑weighted assets relating to entities under exclusive control of the Arval business, fully consolidated within the prudential scope
since 1 July 2024.

Credit risk‑weighted assets increased by +EUR 44 billion in 2024,
primarily as a result of the following:
■ a +EUR 14 billion increase related to perimeter effects, mainly

linked to the full consolidation in the prudential scope since 1
July 2024 of the entities of the Arval business under exclusive
control;

■ a +EUR 9 billion increase in line with business activity (net of

the impact of the efficient securitisation transactions initiated
by the Group) mainly at Commercial, Personal Banking &
Services;
■ a +EUR 6 billion increase due to currency effects, linked to the

depreciation of the US dollar.

■ a +EUR 13 billion increase in line with updating of models;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

419

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

CREDIT RISK: INTERNAL RATINGS‑BASED APPROACH (IRBA)
The internal rating system developed by the Group covers the entire
Bank. The IRBA framework, validated in December 2007, covers the
portfolio described in Approaches used to calculate capital
requirements in the section entitled Exposure to credit risk.
The Group has developed specific internal models adapted for the
most common categories of exposure and clients in its loan portfolio.
BNP Paribas bases these developments on internal data gathered
over long periods. Each of these models is developed and maintained
by a specialist team, in conjunction with relevant RISK and business
line experts. Moreover, verification is performed to ensure
compliance with the floors set by the regulation on these models.
The Bank does not use models developed by external suppliers.
IRBA credit models are developed and used within a control system
comprising three lines of defence:
■ models producing internal estimates of the risk parameters are

developed and maintained by specialised RISK teams, which
also perform annual backtesting of each model in production;
■ another RISK team, which reports directly to the Group Chief

Risk Officer, conducts independent reviews of the models. Three
types of review are carried out: systematic before a model is
implemented, annual when reviewing backtesting carried out by
the first line, and finally periodic, covering all the IRBA models
used in the Bank according to an auditing plan that takes into
account a risk‑based approach;
■ finally, each year, the General Inspectorate conducts an overall

assessment of the models and their governance, and conducts a
detailed review of an identified risk area.
In addition, the first and second line of defence RISK teams regularly
report the most important information to Bank management and
senior management, through:
■ the Capital Committee, which is the competent Executive

Management authority for issues relating to internal credit
models, and which, as such, is informed of the main decisions

420

taken concerning these models, annually reviews the results of
backtesting and receives a summary of the results of the
independent review of the models; and
■ the

Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance
Committee (CCIRC), a body appointed by the Board of directors,
which receives a quarterly qualitative dashboard detailing the
major risk‑related events over the quarter and a metric based
on the recommendations of the independent review team.

Counterparty rating (or the Probability of Default) and the Loss Given
Default are determined either using purely statistical models for
portfolios with the highest degree of granularity (loans to individuals
or to very small enterprises) or a combination of models and expert
judgement based on indicative values.
Loss Given Default is defined as the loss that the Bank would suffer
in the event of the counterparty’s default in times of economic
downturn, as required by regulations. For each transaction, it is
measured using the recovery rate for a senior unsecured exposure to
the counterparty, adjusted for any risk mitigation techniques
(collateral or guarantees). Amounts recoverable against these
mitigants are estimated each year using conservative assumptions
as well as haircuts calibrated to reflect economic downturn
conditions.
The Bank models its own conversion factors on financing
commitments by using internal default data. Conversion factors are
used to measure the off‑balance sheet exposure at risk in the event
of a default. This parameter is assigned automatically depending on
the transaction type for all portfolios and therefore is not
determined by the Credit Committees.
Internal estimates of risk parameters are used in the Bank’s
day‑to‑day management in line with regulation recommendations.
Thus, apart from calculating capital requirements, they are used, for
example, when setting delegated limits, granting new loans or
reviewing existing loans to measure profitability, determining stage 1
and stage 2 impairment and for book analyses.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

➤ TABLE 32: MAIN MODELS: PD, LGD AND CCF/EAD
Modelled
parameter Portfolio

Number
of models

Model and methodology

Number of years –
Default/loss data

PD

Sovereigns

1

Qualitative

> 10 years

Central governments
and central banks

Financial Institutions

4

Quantitative + expert opinion

> 10 years

Institutions

Main asset class

Central governments
and central banks
Corporate – other
Insurance

1

Quantitative + expert opinion

> 10 years

Corporate – other

Large corporates

1

Quantitative + expert opinion

> 10 years

Corporate – other

Qualitative
Real Estate non‑retail in
France

1

Qualitative

> 10 years

Corporate – other

Specialised Lending

2

Qualitative

> 10 years

Corporate – specialised lending

Quantitative + expert opinion
General Non Retail Rating
Policy

1

Qualitative

> 10 years

Corporate – other

CPBF – Mid‑Corporates

1

Quantitative + expert opinion

> 10 years

Corporate – SME

CPBF – Retail Professionnals & 1
Entrepreneurs

Quantitative

> 10 years

Retail – other SME

CPBF – Retail Individuals

1

Quantitative

> 10 years

Retail – other non‑SME/qualifying
Revolving/secured by real estate
non‑SME

Consumer Finance

2

Quantitative

> 10 years

Retail – other non‑SME

BNPP FORTIS – Mid‑Corporates 3

Quantitative + expert opinion

> 10 years

Retail – other/secured by real estate
SME

BNPP FORTIS – Professionals

1

Quantitative

> 10 years

Retail – other SME/secured by real
estate SME

BNPP FORTIS – Individuals

1

Quantitative

> 10 years

Retail – Secured by real estate
non‑SME

BNPP FORTIS – Public entities 1

Quantitative + expert opinion

9 years

Institutions

BNL bc – Mid‑Corporates

1

Quantitative – logistic
regression

> 10 years

Corporate – SME

BNL bc – Retail Individuals

1

Quantitative – logistic
regression

> 10 years

Retail – other non‑SME

BNL bc – Professionals & Retail 1
Mid‑Corporates

Quantitative – logistic
regression

> 10 years

Retail – other SME

BGL – Retail

1

Quantitative

> 10 years

Retail non‑SME/secured by real estate
SME

BGL – Mid‑Corporates

3

Quantitative

> 10 years

Corporate - SME

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

421

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

Modelled
parameter Portfolio

Number
of models

Model and methodology

Number of years –
Default/loss data

LGD

Sovereigns

1

Qualitative

> 10 years

Central governments
and central banks

Banks

4

Quantitative + expert opinion

> 10 years

Institutions

Main asset class

Central governments
and central banks
Corporate – other
Insurance

1

Qualitative

> 10 years

Corporate – other

Large corporates

1

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Corporate – other

> 10 years

Corporate – specialised lending

Quantitative + expert opinion
Quantitative
Specialised lending

2

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

General Non Retail Rating
Policy

1

Qualitative

> 10 years

Corporate – other

CPBF – Mid‑Corporates

1

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Corporate – SME

CPBF – Professionals

1

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Retail – other SME

CPBF – Individuals

1

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Retail - non SME

Consumer Finance

2

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Retail – other non‑SME

BNPP FORTIS - Professionnals 1
& Mid‑Corporates

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Retail – other non‑SME/qualifying
Revolving/secured by real estate
non‑SME

BNPP FORTIS – Individuals

1

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Retail – other SME/secured by real
estate non‑SME

BNPP FORTIS – Public entities 1

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Institutions

BNL bc – Mid‑Corporates

1

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Corporate – SME

BNL bc – Retail Individuals

1

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Retail – other non‑SME

BNL bc – Professionals &
Mid‑Corporates

1

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Retail – other non‑SME

BGL – Retail

1

Quantitative

> 10 years

Retail – other non‑SME

BGL – Mid‑Corporate

1

Quantitative

> 10 years

Corporate -SME

Qualitative

422

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

Modelled
parameter Portfolio

Number
of models

Number of years –
Default/loss data

CCF/EAD CCF for corporates, banks
and sovereigns

1

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Central governments
and central banks

CPBF – Retail

1

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Retail

Consumer Finance

2

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Retail

BNPP FORTIS – Professionals & 1
SME

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Retail

BNPP FORTIS – Individuals

1

Quantitative – calibrated on
internal data

> 10 years

Retail

BNPP FORTIS – Public entities 1

Quantitative + expert opinion

> 10 years

Institutions

BNL bc – Retail

2

Fix value

-

Retail

BNL bc – Mid‑Corporates

1

Fix value

-

Corporates – SME

BGL – Retail

1

Quantitative

> 10 years

Retail

BGL - Mid‑Corporate

1

Quantitative

> 10 years

Corporate - SME

Model and methodology

BACKTESTING
Each one of the three credit risk parameters (PD, LGD, CCF/EAD) is
backtested annually in order to check the performance and
conservatism of every model and business segment of the Bank.
Backtesting of an internal Probability of Default model primarily
aims at ensuring that the ratings attributed internally by the PD
model are more conservative than the default rates observed during
the year for the population under the scope of this model. When
external ratings are available, for clients covered by a low default
portfolio model, they are also used to challenge the conservatism of
our internal ratings.
Backtesting of a Loss Given Default model is only based on exposures
that are on default and includes both closed and open files. The Long
Run Average LGD is compared with the corresponding LGD estimated
from the model applied to the relevant application scope. The
Time‑to‑Workout is defined as the period during which the institution
realises the vast majority of the recoveries and it is used as the
largest period for which recoveries are expected. When a recovery
process is operationally closed, or reaches the Time‑to‑Workout (i.e.
pseudo‑closed), the observed LGD is calculated using all observed
cashflows (recoveries, cost of recoveries and additional drawings)
discounted back to the default date and compared with the
outstanding at default (which may include additional drawings when
relevant). When the recovery process is open or incomplete, future
recoveries are estimated until Time‑to‑Workout by extrapolating
historical recoveries, as well as any additional drawings, observed
for the underlying population.

5

Main asset class

For both PD and LGD backtesting, additional tests are performed to
assess and track over years the data representativeness, the
stability, the risk differentiation as well as the correct calibration and
conservatism of the model. In case any of these dimensions has
deteriorated, or if any major alert is threatening the model’s
relevancy, a recalibration can be proposed or even, in more extreme
cases, a redevelopment of the model.

5

All this work is reviewed annually in the Capital Committee (see
section 5.2 under Capital management). The results from the
backtesting are also certified internally by an independent team and
the results sent to the supervisor. Any change is submitted to the
supervisor for approval, in line with the regulation.
The following tables present an overview of the performance of the
models for regulatory risk parameters PD and LGD within the
context of the Group’s IRBA scope
For constructing the PD tables (see Tables 33, 34, 35 and 36
hereafter), each obligor is assigned to its correspondent class of
[Portfolio x PD Scale] and then the indicators of each class are
computed as follows:
■ Observed average default rate: The number of obligors falling in

default during the observed year divided by the number of
performing obligors at the end of the previous year;
■ Average PD weighted by the number of debtors: average of the

1‑year probability of default attributed to each performing
obligor by PD internal models;
■ Exposure weighted average PD: average (weighted by the

exposure of each obligor) of the 1‑year probability of default
attributed to each performing obligor by PD internal models;
■ Average historical annual default rates: average (weighted by

the number of historical years observed) of the yearly observed
average default rates (defined above).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

423

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

For constructing the LGD tables (see Table 37 hereafter), each facility
is assigned to one of the six pre‑defined types of Portfolios and then
the indicators are computed as follows:

■ Arithmetical average of the historic LGD observed: average

(weighted by the number of facilities) of the rates of loss in the
event of default historically observed for each facility having
been in default.

■ Arithmetical average of the estimated LGD: average (weighted

by the number of facilities) of the rates of loss in the event of
default attributed by internal LGD models to each performing
facility;

➤ TABLE 33: BACKTESTING OF PD ON CENTRAL GOVERNMENT, CENTRAL BANK AND INSTITUTION PORFOLIO (EU CR9)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

2023
Number of obligors at the end of the year
of which: number of
obligors which
defaulted during the
year

Observed average Exposures weighted
default rate (%)
average PD (%)

Average PD weighted Average historical
annual default
by the number of
rate (%)
debtors (%)

Portfolio

PD scale

Central governments
and central banks

0.00 to <0.15%

530

0.00 to <0.10%

382

0.10 to <0.15%

148

0.15 to <0.25%

67

0.20%

0.23%

0.25 to <0.50%

3

0.29%

0.32%

1
1

0.19%
0.68%

0.01%

0.06%

0.01%

0.04%

0.10%

0.12%

0.01%
0.05%

0.50 to <0.75%

65

1

1.54%

0.69%

0.65%

0.41%

0.75 to <2.50%

60

1

1.67%

1.03%

1.18%

2.27%

0.75 to <1.75%

53

1

1.89%

1.03%

1.06%

2.39%

2.03%

1.75 to <2.50%

7

1.85%

2.50 to <10.00%

5

7.20%

3.60%

0.21%

2.50 to <5.00%

3

3.56%

2.78%

0.83%

5.00 to <10.00%

2

8.35%

5.24%

10.00 to <100.00%

19

1

5.26%

20.77%

10.21%

2.07%

10.00 to <20.00%

19

1

5.26%

16.70%

10.21%

1.21%

20.00 to <30.00%
30.00 to <100.00%
100% (Default)
Institutions

424

100.00%

100.00%

0.00 to <0.15%

619

0.04%

0.07%

0.04%

0.00 to <0.10%

460

0.04%

0.05%

0.04%

0.10 to <0.15%

159

0.12%

0.12%

0.07%

0.15 to <0.25%

258

0.17%

0.19%

0.21%
0.13%

0.25 to <0.50%

181

0.38%

0.35%

0.50 to <0.75%

83

0.61%

0.59%

0.06%

0.75 to <2.50%

227

1.08%

1.29%

0.47%

0.75 to <1.75%

205

1.04%

1.21%

0.50%

1.75 to <2.50%

22

2.04%

2.04%

2.50 to <10.00%

119

3.57%

4.53%

0.77%

2.50 to <5.00%

83

3.15%

3.41%

0.53%

5.00 to <10.00%

36

8.41%

7.09%

0.73%

10.00 to <100.00%

29

17.04%

19.71%

2.63%

10.00 to <20.00%

17

11.65%

14.53%

2.02%

20.00 to <30.00%

11

22.87%

25.43%

3.81%

100.00%

100.00%

30.00 to <100.00%

1

100% (Default)

12

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

44.91%

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

5

h

2022
Number of obligors at the end of the year

Portfolio
Central governments
and central banks

of which: number of
obligors which
defaulted during the
year

PD scale

Observed average Exposures weighted
default rate (%)
average PD (%)

Average PD weighted Average historical
by the number of
annual default
debtors (%)
rate (%)

0.00 to <0.15%

750

0.01%

0.04%

0.00 to <0.10%

664

0.01%

0.03%

0.10 to <0.15%

86

0.13%

0.12%

0.15 to <0.25%

61

0.19%

0.22%

0.25 to <0.50%

29

0.29%

0.32%

0.50 to <0.75%

58

0.69%

0.65%

0.33%

0.75 to <2.50%

93

1.30%

1.30%

2.28%

0.75 to <1.75%

75

1.29%

1.12%

2.38%

1.75 to <2.50%

18

1.88%

2.05%

0.00%

2.50 to <10.00%

19

8.33%

5.49%

0.44%

2.50 to <5.00%

10

3.07%

3.26%

0.64%

0.37%

5.00 to <10.00%

9

8.36%

7.97%

0.40%

10.00 to <100.00%

38

4

10.53%

19.48%

11.92%

3.61%

10.00 to <20.00%

34

1

2.94%

14.76%

10.75%

1.99%

20.00 to <30.00%

4

3

75.00%

21.81%

21.81%

12.86%

30.00 to <100.00%
Institutions

100% (Default)

14

100.00%

100.00%

0.00 to <0.15%

710

0.04%

0.07%

0.04%

0.00 to <0.10%

491

0.04%

0.05%

0.05%

0.10 to <0.15%

219

0.12%

0.13%

0.05%

0.15 to <0.25%

202

0.18%

0.20%

0.25%

0.25 to <0.50%

185

0.32%

0.34%

0.13%

0.50 to <0.75%

85

0.64%

0.58%

0.06%

0.75 to <2.50%

259

1.42%

1.32%

0.54%

0.75 to <1.75%

219

1.06%

1.16%

0.53%

1.75 to <2.50%

40

1.87%

2.20%

0.52%

2.50 to <10.00%

123

5.29%

5.29%

0.85%
0.49%

2.50 to <5.00%

66

3.34%

3.79%

5.00 to <10.00%

57

8.71%

7.02%

0.84%

10.00 to <100.00%

33

17.74%

17.77%

2.80%

10.00 to <20.00%

18

12.44%

13.06%

2.11%

20.00 to <30.00%

15

23.83%

23.42%

4.17%

18

100.00%

100.00%

5

30.00 to <100.00%
100% (Default)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

425

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

➤ TABLE 34: BACKTESTING OF PD ON CORPORATE PORTFOLIO (EU CR9)
a

b

c

D

e

f

g

h

2023
Number of obligors at
the end of the year

Portfolio
Corporates – Specialised
Lending

of which: number of
obligors which
defaulted during the
year

PD scale

Observed average Exposures weighted
default rate (%)
average PD (%)

Average PD
weighted by the
Average
number of debtors historical annual
(%) default rate (%)

0.00 to <0.15%

142

0.05%

0.09%

0.00 to <0.10%

55

0.04%

0.05%

0.10 to <0.15%

87

0.12%

0.12%

0.15 to <0.25%

87

0.21%

0.18%

0.02%

0.25 to <0.50%

361

0.39%

0.35%

0.13%

0.50 to <0.75%

264

1

0.38%

0.68%

0.68%

0.57%

0.75 to <2.50%

680

1

0.15%

1.31%

1.25%

0.44%

0.75 to <1.75%

576

1.21%

1.11%

0.30%

1.75 to <2.50%

104

1

0.96%

2.03%

2.05%

1.02%

2.50 to <10.00%

381

4

1.05%

4.34%

4.25%

1.38%

2.50 to <5.00%

271

3.37%

3.17%

1.19%

5.00 to <10.00%

110

4

3.64%

6.98%

6.90%

1.88%

10.00 to <100.00%

51

9

17.65%

16.21%

17.75%

13.61%

10.00 to <20.00%

36

4

11.11%

14.08%

15.82%

10.69%

20.00 to <30.00%

15

5

33.33%

22.27%

22.39%

24.24%

100.00%

100.00%

0.07%

0.12%

0.17%

0.05%

0.07%

0.13%

30.00 to <100.00%

Corporates – SME

426

100% (Default)

75

0.00 to <0.15%

1,339

0.00 to <0.10%

136

0.10 to <0.15%

1,203

3

0.25%

0.12%

0.12%

0.20%

0.15 to <0.25%

14,589

37

0.25%

0.21%

0.22%

0.21%

0.25 to <0.50%

2,633

4

0.15%

0.30%

0.40%

0.30%

0.50 to <0.75%

2,031

11

0.54%

0.66%

0.63%

0.56%

0.75 to <2.50%

15,403

211

1.37%

1.36%

1.21%

1.26%

0.75 to <1.75%

13,213

170

1.29%

1.03%

1.06%

1.11%

1.75 to <2.50%

2,190

41

1.87%

2.03%

2.10%

1.93%

2.50 to <10.00%

5,720

272

4.76%

4.36%

4.81%

4.08%

2.50 to <5.00%

3,511

107

3.05%

3.36%

3.59%

3.09%

5.00 to <10.00%

2,209

165

7.47%

6.97%

6.74%

6.38%

10.00 to <100.00%

1,711

192

11.22%

17.12%

16.25%

13.13%

10.00 to <20.00%

1,097

76

6.93%

12.72%

11.34%

9.81%

20.00 to <30.00%

513

84

16.37%

23.53%

21.72%

16.97%

30.00 to <100.00%

101

32

31.68%

43.17%

41.76%

29.52%

100% (Default)

1,495

100.00%

100.00%

3

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

0.22%

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

D

e

f

g

5

h

2023
Number of obligors at
the end of the year

Portfolio
Corporates – Other

of which: number of
obligors which
defaulted during the
year

PD scale

Observed average Exposures weighted
average PD (%)
default rate (%)

Average PD
weighted by the
Average
number of debtors historical annual
(%) default rate (%)

0.00 to <0.15%

5,016

2

0.04%

0.05%

0.09%

0.22%

0.00 to <0.10%

2,465

1

0.04%

0.03%

0.05%

0.05%

0.10 to <0.15%

2,551

1

0.04%

0.12%

0.12%

0.18%

0.15 to <0.25%

15,884

24

0.15%

0.21%

0.22%

0.16%

0.25 to <0.50%

5,836

5

0.09%

0.37%

0.36%

0.19%

0.50 to <0.75%

3,399

14

0.41%

0.66%

0.64%

0.55%

0.75 to <2.50%

16,648

113

0.68%

1.37%

1.26%

0.71%

0.75 to <1.75%

14,112

103

0.73%

1.03%

1.12%

0.61%

1.75 to <2.50%

2,536

10

0.39%

1.98%

2.08%

1.20%

2.50 to <10.00%

7,477

127

1.70%

4.55%

4.53%

2.52%

2.50 to <5.00%

5,004

73

1.46%

3.43%

3.44%

1.92%

5.00 to <10.00%

2,473

54

2.18%

7.00%

6.74%

3.86%

10.00 to <100.00%

1,493

111

7.43%

18.04%

16.01%

9.61%

10.00 to <20.00%

1,055

51

4.83%

15.27%

12.70%

7.46%

20.00 to <30.00%

393

51

12.98%

22.58%

22.13%

13.40%

30.00 to <100.00%

45

9

20.00%

34.09%

40.06%

21.91%

100% (Default)

2,254

100.00%

100.00%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

427

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

2022
Number of obligors at
the end of the year

Portfolio
Corporates – Specialised
Lending

of which: number of
obligors which
defaulted during the
year

PD scale

Observed average Exposures weighted
default rate (%)
average PD (%)

Average PD
weighted by the
Average
number of debtors historical annual
(%) default rate (%)

0.00 to <0.15%

164

0.08%

0.09%

0.00 to <0.10%

65

0.05%

0.06%

0.10 to <0.15%

99

0.12%

0.12%

0.15 to <0.25%

154

0.18%

0.18%

0.02%

0.25 to <0.50%

529

1

0.19%

0.34%

0.35%

0.14%

0.50 to <0.75%

375

1

0.27%

0.69%

0.68%

0.53%

0.75 to <2.50%

954

1.35%

1.26%

0.46%

0.75 to <1.75%

780

1.18%

1.09%

0.33%

1.75 to <2.50%

174

2.09%

2.00%

1.01%

2.50 to <10.00%

423

4

0.95%

4.95%

4.20%

1.33%

2.50 to <5.00%

300

1

0.33%

3.40%

3.14%

1.13%

5.00 to <10.00%

123

3

2.44%

6.76%

6.77%

1.81%

10.00 to <100.00%

58

9

15.52%

17.17%

16.94%

13.41%

10.00 to <20.00%

40

4

10.00%

15.31%

14.75%

10.73%

20.00 to< 30.00%

18

5

27.78%

22.97%

21.81%

23.78%

100.00%

100.00%

0.07%

0.12%

0.17%

0.05%

0.06%

0.14%

30.00 to <100.00%

Corporates – SME

428

100% (Default)

97

0.00 to <0.15%

1,637

0.00 to <0.10%

160

0.10 to <0.15%

1,477

4

0.27%

0.12%

0.13%

0.20%

0.15 to <0.25%

9,418

12

0.13%

0.17%

0.23%

0.22%

0.25 to <0.50%

4,776

3

0.06%

0.31%

0.35%

0.31%

0.50 to <0.75%

3,095

12

0.39%

0.64%

0.65%

0.58%

0.75 to <2.50%

14,738

90

0.61%

1.48%

1.24%

1.28%

0.75 to <1.75%

12,940

75

0.58%

1.03%

1.12%

1.12%

1.75 to <2.50%

1,798

15

0.83%

2.04%

2.10%

2.01%

2.50 to <10.00%

9,712

193

1.99%

4.16%

4.54%

3.95%

2.50 to <5.00%

6,718

100

1.49%

3.27%

3.43%

3.08%

5.00 to <10.00%

2,994

93

3.11%

6.76%

7.03%

6.22%

10.00 to <100.00%

1,943

135

6.95%

17.50%

15.51%

13.66%

10.00 to <20.00%

1,257

71

5.65%

13.47%

11.75%

10.37%

20.00 to <30.00%

658

63

9.57%

22.59%

21.55%

17.34%

30.00 to <100.00%

28

1

3.57%

40.42%

41.82%

30.90%

100% (Default)

3,000

100.00%

100.00%

4

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

0.24%

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

5

h

2022
Number of obligors at
the end of the year

Portfolio
Corporates – Other

of which: number of
obligors which
defaulted during the
year

PD scale

Observed average Exposures weighted
average PD (%)
default rate (%)

Average PD
weighted by the
Average
number of debtors historical annual
(%) default rate (%)

0.00 to <0.15%

5,636

2

0.04%

0.08%

0.09%

0.26%

0.00 to <0.10%

2,611

1

0.04%

0.05%

0.05%

0.07%

0.10 to <0.15%

3,025

1

0.03%

0.12%

0.12%

0.19%

0.15 to <0.25%

11,588

7

0.06%

0.18%

0.22%

0.16%

0.25 to <0.50%

6,331

4

0.06%

0.34%

0.35%

0.20%

0.50 to <0.75%

3,738

10

0.27%

0.67%

0.65%

0.55%

0.75 to <2.50%

16,433

56

0.34%

1.39%

1.28%

0.71%

0.75 to <1.75%

14,071

44

0.31%

1.15%

1.14%

0.60%

1.75 to <2.50%

2,362

12

0.51%

2.02%

2.07%

1.28%

2.50 to <10.00%

9,363

113

1.21%

4.68%

4.58%

2.54%

2.50 to <5.00%

6,349

64

1.01%

3.48%

3.47%

1.91%

5.00 to <10.00%

3,014

49

1.63%

6.80%

6.93%

3.96%

10.00 to <100.00%

1,708

103

6.03%

16.94%

16.18%

9.80%

10.00 to <20.00%

1,178

61

5.18%

14.68%

13.05%

7.70%

20.00 to <30.00%

500

33

6.60%

22.71%

22.21%

13.47%

30.00 to <100.00%

30

9

30.00%

34.27%

38.95%

21.74%

100% (Default)

2,867

100.00%

100.00%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

429

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

➤ TABLE 35: BACKTESTING OF PD ON RETAIL SECURED BY PROPERTY PORTFOLIO (EU CR9)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

2023
Number of obligors at
the end of the year

Portfolio
Retail – Secured by
immovable property
non‑SME

Retail – Secured by
immovable property SME

430

of which: number of
obligors which
defaulted during the
year

PD scale

Observed average Exposures weighted
default rate (%)
average PD (%)

Average PD
weighted by the
Average
number of debtors historical annual
(%) default rate (%)

0.00 to <0.15%

499,383

422

0.08%

0.05%

0.08%

0.06%

0.00 to <0.10%

219,410

51

0.02%

0.04%

0.05%

0.09%

0.10 to <0.15%

279,973

371

0.13%

0.12%

0.11%

0.11%

0.15 to <0.25%

81,348

94

0.12%

0.18%

0.19%

0.13%

0.25 to <0.50%

300,847

1,019

0.34%

0.38%

0.36%

0.31%

0.50 to <0.75%

204,964

981

0.48%

0.67%

0.59%

0.35%

0.75 to <2.50%

115,715

1,040

0.90%

1.51%

1.46%

0.96%

0.75 to <1.75%

86,217

643

0.75%

1.25%

1.29%

0.83%

1.75 to <2.50%

29,498

397

1.35%

2.10%

1.96%

1.42%

2.50 to <10.00%

50,184

1,213

2.42%

4.86%

4.47%

3.49%

2.50 to <5.00%

34,226

940

2.75%

3.41%

3.45%

2.45%

5.00 to <10.00%

15,958

273

1.71%

6.54%

6.64%

5.73%

10.00 to <100.00%

17,373

2,543

14.64%

23.63%

21.22%

20.25%

10.00 to <20.00%

11,696

1,136

9.71%

13.52%

13.88%

13.09%

20.00 to <30.00%

3,022

564

18.66%

25.72%

24.32%

24.96%

30.00 to <100.00%

2,655

843

31.75%

37.10%

49.99%

40.22%

100% (Default)

26,684

100.00%

100.00%

0.00 to <0.15%

2,495

0.06%

0.08%

0.12%

0.00 to <0.10%

1,720

0.05%

0.06%

0.07%

0.10 to <0.15%

775

3

0.39%

0.12%

0.13%

0.19%

0.15 to <0.25%

4,806

18

0.37%

0.20%

0.22%

0.23%

0.25 to <0.50%

8,764

30

0.34%

0.34%

0.36%

0.31%

0.50 to <0.75%

10,785

75

0.70%

0.68%

0.57%

0.41%

0.75 to <2.50%

11,223

73

0.65%

1.44%

1.41%

0.73%

0.75 to <1.75%

8,823

45

0.51%

1.22%

1.22%

0.62%

1.75 to <2.50%

2,400

28

1.17%

2.06%

2.10%

1.06%

2.50 to <10.00%

9,383

180

1.92%

4.51%

4.68%

1.98%

2.50 to <5.00%

6,004

85

1.42%

3.40%

3.73%

1.43%

5.00 to <10.00%

3,379

95

2.81%

6.40%

6.36%

2.90%

10.00 to <100.00%

2,142

223

10.41%

18.73%

18.46%

13.23%

10.00 to <20.00%

1,382

95

6.87%

14.08%

13.25%

8.33%

20.00 to <30.00%

546

79

14.47%

24.95%

23.33%

17.34%

30.00 to <100.00%

214

49

22.90%

38.87%

39.63%

28.37%

100% (Default)

2,515

100.00%

100.00%

3

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

0.12%

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

5

h

2022
Number of obligors at
the end of the year

Portfolio
Retail – Secured by
immovable property
non‑SME

Retail – Secured by
immovable property SME

of which: which
defaulted during the
year

PD scale

Observed average Exposures weighted
average PD (%)
default rate (%)

Average PD
Average
weighted by the
number of debtors historical annual
(%) default rate (%)

0.00 to <0.15%

503,520

430

0.09%

0.10%

0.08%

0.06%

0.00 to <0.10%

218,757

60

0.03%

0.06%

0.05%

0.06%

0.10 to <0.15%

284,763

370

0.13%

0.11%

0.11%

0.11%

0.15 to <0.25%

83,030

106

0.13%

0.18%

0.19%

0.13%

0.25 to <0.50%

295,890

686

0.23%

0.37%

0.36%

0.30%

0.50 to <0.75%

195,767

889

0.45%

0.59%

0.59%

0.33%

0.75 to <2.50%

110,626

837

0.76%

1.48%

1.46%

0.96%

0.75 to <1.75%

81,291

475

0.58%

1.28%

1.27%

0.84%

1.75 to <2.50%

29,335

362

1.23%

2.00%

1.96%

1.44%

2.50 to <10.00%

48,747

977

2.00%

4.20%

4.50%

3.60%

2.50 to <5.00%

33,125

710

2.14%

3.46%

3.46%

2.44%

5.00 to <10.00%

15,622

267

1.71%

6.52%

6.72%

6.16%

10.00 to <100.00%

20,529

2,275

11.08%

21.94%

19.99%

20.88%

10.00 to <20.00%

14,993

1,064

7.10%

13.13%

13.84%

13.41%

20.00 to <30.00%

2,976

410

13.78%

26.01%

24.18%

25.73%

30.00 to <100.00%

2,560

801

31.29%

40.97%

100% (Default)

30,727

0.00 to <0.15%

2,670

0.00 to <0.10%

1,834

0.10 to <0.15%

836

1

0.15 to <0.25%

5,642

0.25 to <0.50%

44.99%

51.15%

100.00%

100.00%

0.09%

0.08%

0.13%

0.07%

0.06%

0.09%

0.12%

0.12%

0.13%

0.20%

13

0.23%

0.18%

0.22%

0.23%

8,226

20

0.24%

0.36%

0.36%

0.39%

0.50 to <0.75%

11,657

76

0.65%

0.59%

0.57%

0.45%

0.75 to <2.50%

11,400

70

0.61%

1.41%

1.43%

0.77%

0.75 to <1.75%

8,763

44

0.50%

1.21%

1.22%

0.68%

1.75 to <2.50%

2,637

26

0.99%

2.05%

2.11%

1.02%

2.50 to <10.00%

9,642

142

1.47%

4.61%

4.66%

2.04%

2.50 to <5.00%

6,279

73

1.16%

3.47%

3.75%

1.46%

5.00 to <10.00%

3,363

69

2.05%

6.33%

6.36%

3.00%

10.00 to <100.00%

2,141

189

8.83%

18.21%

18.24%

14.49%

10.00 to <20.00%

1,378

77

5.59%

13.35%

13.18%

9.17%

1

0.04%

20.00 to <30.00%

577

65

11.27%

23.99%

23.18%

18.73%

30.00 to <100.00%

186

47

25.27%

38.88%

40.44%

31.76%

100% (Default)

3,050

100.00%

100.00%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

431

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

➤ TABLE 36: BACKTESTING OF PD ON OTHER RETAIL PORTFOLIO (EU CR9)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

2023
Number of obligors at
the end of the year

Portfolio
Retail – Qualifying
revolving

Retail – Other SME

432

of which: number of
obligors which
defaulted during the
year

PD scale
0.00 to <0.15% 1,806,307

Observed average Exposures weighted
default rate (%)
average PD (%)

Average PD
weighted by the
Average
number of debtors historical annual
(%) default rate (%)

3,321

0.18%

0.05%

0.08%

0.10%

0.00 to <0.10%

853,282

503

0.06%

0.04%

0.03%

0.06%

0.10 to <0.15%

953,025

2,818

0.30%

0.12%

0.13%

0.18%

0.15 to <0.25%

44,292

146

0.33%

0.17%

0.18%

0.26%

0.25 to <0.50%

301,943

2,046

0.68%

0.40%

0.34%

0.49%

0.50 to <0.75%

334,293

2,411

0.72%

0.65%

0.61%

0.64%

0.75 to <2.50%

300,253

7,941

2.64%

1.39%

1.24%

1.61%

0.75 to <1.75%

287,548

7,533

2.62%

1.24%

1.21%

1.55%

1.75 to <2.50%

12,705

408

3.21%

2.17%

2.04%

2.17%

2.50 to <10.00%

197,019

17,305

8.78%

5.00%

5.06%

5.53%

2.50 to <5.00%

105,837

6,072

5.74%

3.49%

3.36%

3.64%

5.00 to <10.00%

91,182

11,233

12.32%

7.15%

7.02%

7.46%

10.00 to <100.00%

59,480

11,242

18.90%

21.51%

19.31%

21.78%

10.00 to <20.00%

41,852

4,035

9.64%

12.75%

12.48%

12.08%

20.00 to <30.00%

7,799

2,345

30.07%

27.01%

28.33%

26.08%

30.00 to <100.00%

9,829

4,862

49.47%

39.83%

41.23%

41.23%

100% (Default)

163,426

100.00%

100.00%

0.00 to <0.15%

110,071

470

0.43%

0.07%

0.10%

0.17%

0.00 to <0.10%

45,539

97

0.21%

0.05%

0.07%

0.09%

0.10 to <0.15%

64,532

373

0.58%

0.13%

0.12%

0.22%

0.15 to <0.25%

88,152

405

0.46%

0.22%

0.21%

0.26%

0.25 to <0.50%

72,387

584

0.81%

0.32%

0.35%

0.46%

0.50 to <0.75%

119,906

1,688

1.41%

0.67%

0.60%

0.74%

0.75 to <2.50%

200,419

5,852

2.92%

1.59%

1.54%

2.31%

0.75 to <1.75%

150,213

3,763

2.51%

1.20%

1.35%

1.41%

1.75 to <2.50%

50,206

2,089

4.16%

2.08%

2.11%

4.91%

2.50 to <10.00%

131,857

8,788

6.66%

4.78%

4.94%

5.58%

2.50 to <5.00%

78,592

4,414

5.62%

3.63%

3.82%

4.59%

5.00 to <10.00%

53,265

4,374

8.21%

6.33%

6.58%

7.08%

10.00 to <100.00%

46,778

9,464

20.23%

18.10%

14.78%

17.00%

10.00 to <20.00%

38,697

6,911

17.86%

13.09%

11.66%

12.50%

20.00 to <30.00%

4,996

1,176

23.54%

26.71%

23.42%

25.72%

30.00 to <100.00%

3,085

1,377

44.64%

34.57%

39.83%

41.77%

100% (Default)

99,946

100.00%

100.00%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

5

h

2023
Number of obligors at
the end of the year

Portfolio
Retail – Other non‑SME

of which: number of
obligors which
defaulted during the
year

PD scale

Observed average Exposures weighted
average PD (%)
default rate (%)

Average PD
weighted by the
Average
number of debtors historical annual
(%) default rate (%)

0.00 to <0.15%

566,584

369

0.07%

0.06%

0.06%

0.06%

0.00 to <0.10%

428,443

109

0.03%

0.05%

0.04%

0.05%

0.10 to <0.15%

138,141

260

0.19%

0.12%

0.12%

0.16%

0.15 to <0.25%

140,599

485

0.34%

0.19%

0.20%

0.33%

0.25 to <0.50%

360,781

2,141

0.59%

0.39%

0.37%

0.50%

0.50 to <0.75%

134,477

909

0.68%

0.58%

0.64%

0.55%

0.75 to <2.50%

441,969

5,611

1.27%

1.39%

1.30%

1.33%

0.75 to <1.75%

393,960

4,201

1.07%

1.14%

1.23%

1.23%

1.75 to <2.50%

48,009

1,410

2.94%

2.11%

1.89%

3.32%

2.50 to <10.00%

116,131

7,201

6.20%

4.46%

5.07%

6.00%

2.50 to <5.00%

61,355

2,718

4.43%

3.49%

3.65%

3.91%

5.00 to <10.00%

54,776

4,483

8.18%

7.05%

6.65%

8.90%

10.00 to <100.00%

34,398

6,259

18.20%

22.77%

19.90%

20.13%

10.00 to <20.00%

22,795

3,009

13.20%

13.36%

14.04%

15.11%

20.00 to <30.00%

7,743

1,379

17.81%

26.60%

24.70%

21.47%

30.00 to <100.00%

3,860

1,871

48.47%

36.09%

44.91%

40.48%

100% (Default)

152,881

100.00%

100.00%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

433

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

2022
Number of obligors at
the end of the year

Portfolio
Retail – Qualifying
revolving

Retail – Other SME

434

of which: number of
obligors which
defaulted during the
year

PD scale
0.00 to <0.15% 1,787,470

Observed average Exposures weighted
average PD (%)
default rate (%)

Average PD
Average
weighted by the
number of debtors historical annual
(%) default rate (%)

3,292

0.18%

0.09%

0.08%

0.09%

0.00 to <0.10%

849,072

515

0.06%

0.03%

0.03%

0.06%

0.10 to <0.15%

938,398

2,777

0.30%

0.12%

0.13%

0.17%

0.15 to <0.25%

57,094

142

0.25%

0.17%

0.18%

0.25%

0.25 to <0.50%

296,988

1,926

0.65%

0.38%

0.34%

0.47%

0.50 to <0.75%

295,878

2,285

0.77%

0.61%

0.60%

0.63%

0.75 to <2.50%

316,764

7,285

2.30%

1.35%

1.24%

1.51%

0.75 to <1.75%

301,731

6,888

2.28%

1.29%

1.20%

1.46%

1.75 to <2.50%

15,033

397

2.64%

1.94%

2.05%

2.08%

2.50 to <10.00%

195,573

16,194

8.28%

4.97%

5.01%

5.23%

2.50 to <5.00%

106,856

5,664

5.30%

3.47%

3.36%

3.45%

5.00 to <10.00%

88,717

10,530

11.87%

7.20%

7.01%

7.01%

10.00 to <100.00%

56,430

10,144

17.98%

22.05%

18.93%

22.03%

10.00 to <20.00%

39,979

3,869

9.68%

12.92%

12.34%

12.29%

20.00 to <30.00%

8,016

2,298

28.67%

24.12%

28.33%

25.72%

30.00 to <100.00%

8,435

3,977

47.15%

48.44%

41.22%

40.48%

100% (Default)

162,034

100.00%

100.00%

0.00 to <0.15%

110,444

421

0.38%

0.09%

0.10%

0.15%

0.00 to <0.10%

45,341

72

0.16%

0.07%

0.07%

0.08%

0.10 to <0.15%

65,103

349

0.54%

0.12%

0.12%

0.18%

0.15 to <0.25%

92,257

404

0.44%

0.18%

0.21%

0.25%

0.25 to <0.50%

74,393

489

0.66%

0.33%

0.35%

0.43%

0.50 to <0.75%

122,861

1,550

1.26%

0.60%

0.60%

0.69%

0.75 to <2.50%

208,002

5,354

2.57%

1.50%

1.57%

2.29%

0.75 to <1.75%

150,885

3,305

2.19%

1.14%

1.36%

1.32%

1.75 to <2.50%

57,117

2,049

3.59%

2.07%

2.11%

5.08%

2.50 to <10.00%

124,230

7,117

5.73%

4.92%

4.97%

5.49%

2.50 to <5.00%

74,171

3,985

5.37%

3.68%

3.86%

4.58%

5.00 to <10.00%

50,059

3,132

6.26%

5.83%

6.61%

6.86%

10.00 to <100.00%

45,251

7,851

17.35%

17.44%

14.23%

16.82%

10.00 to <20.00%

38,262

5,846

15.28%

12.60%

11.47%

12.06%

20.00 to <30.00%

4,423

885

20.01%

24.24%

23.68%

25.83%

30.00 to <100.00%

2,566

1,120

43.65%

41.73%

39.14%

41.33%

100% (Default)

102,019

100.00%

100.00%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

5

h

2022
Number of obligors at
the end of the year

PD scale

Portfolio
Retail – Other non‑SME

of which: number of
obligors which
defaulted during the
year

Observed average Exposures weighted
average PD (%)
default rate (%)

Average PD
Average
weighted by the
number of debtors historical annual
(%) default rate (%)

0.00 to <0.15%

572,651

357

0.06%

0.10%

0.06%

0.06%

0.00 to <0.10%

433,424

133

0.03%

0.05%

0.04%

0.05%

0.10 to <0.15%

139,227

224

0.16%

0.12%

0.12%

0.16%

0.15 to <0.25%

144,330

393

0.27%

0.19%

0.20%

0.33%

0.25 to <0.50%

365,100

1,653

0.45%

0.38%

0.37%

0.50%

0.50 to <0.75%

136,848

764

0.56%

0.61%

0.64%

0.54%

0.75 to <2.50%

443,439

4,418

1.00%

1.39%

1.30%

1.35%

0.75 to <1.75%

398,325

3,328

0.84%

1.20%

1.23%

1.25%

1.75 to <2.50%

45,114

1,090

2.42%

2.00%

1.89%

3.28%

2.50 to <10.00%

115,346

5,805

5.03%

4.49%

4.97%

6.01%

2.50 to <5.00%

63,102

2,263

3.59%

3.52%

3.67%

3.88%

5.00 to <10.00%

52,244

3,542

6.78%

7.34%

6.55%

9.00%

10.00 to <100.00%

36,149

5,563

15.39%

23.12%

18.94%

20.40%

10.00 to <20.00%

25,797

2,923

11.33%

13.71%

13.54%

15.21%

20.00 to <30.00%

6,573

1,013

15.41%

24.37%

25.01%

22.09%

30.00 to <100.00%

3,779

1,627

43.05%

45.64%

45.24%

39.93%

100% (Default)

188,753

100.00%

100.00%

5

➤ TABLE 37: BACKTESTING OF LGD
2023
Arithmetical average
of the estimated LGD

Historic arithmetic average
of the observed LGD

Sovereigns and public sector entities

24%

18%

Institutions(1)

34%

32%

Large corporates(2)

39%

25%

Individuals

58%

37%

Professionals and SME retail

47%

35%

SME corporate

50%

41%

Portfolio

(1) Including the Banks, Insurance and Regulated funds & Agency arrangements portfolios.
(2) Including the Large corporates, Project financing and Energy and commodity financing portfolios.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

435

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

2022
Arithmetical average
of the estimated LGD

Historic arithmetic average
of the observed LGD

Sovereigns and public sector entities

31%

18%

Institutions(1)

32%

31%

Large corporates(2)

39%

22%

Individuals

58%

37%

Professionals and SME retail

48%

34%

SME corporate

51%

42%

Portfolio

(1) Including the Banks, Insurance and Regulated funds & Agency arrangements portfolios.
(2) Including the Large corporates, Project financing and Energy and commodity financing portfolios.

INTERNAL RATING SYSTEM – SOVEREIGN,
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION, CORPORATE
AND SPECIALISED FINANCING PORTFOLIOS
The IRBA for sovereigns, financial institutions, corporates and
specialised financing portfolios is based on a consistent rating
procedure in which RISK has the final say regarding the rating
assigned to the counterparty and the Global Recovery Rate (GRR)
assigned to transactions. Credit Conversion Factors (CCF) of
off‑balance sheet transactions are automatically assigned according
to counterparty and transaction type.
The generic process for assigning a rating to each segment is as
follows:
■ for large corporates and specialised financing, an analysis is

carried out by the unit proposing a rating and a Global Recovery
Rate to the Credit Committee, using the rating models and tools
developed by RISK. The rating and Global Recovery Rate are
validated or revised by the RISK representative during the
Credit Committee meeting. The committee decides whether or
not to grant or renew a loan and, if applicable, reviews the
counterparty rating at least once a year;
■ for financial institutions, the analysis is carried out by analysts

in the RISK Function. Counterparty ratings and Global Recovery
Rates are determined during review committees by
geographical area to ensure comparability between similar
banks;
■ for sovereigns, the ratings are proposed by the Economic

Research Department and approved at Country Ratings
Committee meetings, which take place generally three times
per year. The committee comprises members of Executive
Management, representatives of Economic Studies and the RISK
function;
■ for small and medium‑sized companies (other than retail

customers), a score is assigned by the RISK analysts.

436

For each of these sub‑portfolios, the risk parameters are measured
using a model certified and validated by the RISK teams, based
mainly on an analysis of the Bank’s historical data. The model is
supported as far as possible by tools shared Group‑wide to ensure
consistent use. The method is supplemented by expert judgement
provided it can be justified. However, the expert judgement remains
irreplaceable, with each of the scores and each of the GTRs relying
on the judgement, which may deviate, subject to justification, from
the strict application of the models.
The method for assessing risk parameters is based on a set of
common principles, and particularly the “two pairs of eyes” principle
which requires at least two people, at least one of whom has no
commercial involvement, to give their opinion on each counterparty
rating and each transaction Global Recovery Rate.
The same definition of default is used consistently throughout the
Group for each asset class, in accordance with regulations.
The chart hereafter presents a breakdown by PD range of
non‑defaulted loans and commitments for the asset classes Central
governments and central institutions and Corporates for all the
Group’s business lines, measured using the internal ratings‑based
approach (see Table 27: Indicative mapping of internal counterparty
rating with agency rating scale and average expected PD).
This exposure represented EUR 1.091 billion at 31 December 2024
compared with EUR 1,139 billion at 31 December 2023.
The majority of commitments are towards borrowers rated as good
or excellent quality, reflecting the heavy weighting of large
multinational groups and financial institutions in the Bank’s client
base. A significant proportion of commitments to non‑Investment
Grade borrowers are highly structured or secured by high quality
guarantees implying a high recovery rate in the event of default.
They include export financing covered by export credit insurance
written by international agencies, project finance, structured finance
and transaction financing.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

➤ FIGURE 8: IRBA EXPOSURE BY PD RANGE – SOVEREIGN, FINANCIAL INSTITUTION, CORPORATE AND SPECIALISED
FINANCING PORTFOLIOS

% of exposure

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

70%
60%
50%
40%
30%
20%
10%
0%
0.00 to < 0.15

0.15 to < 0.25

0.25 to < 0.50

0.5 to < 0.75

0.75 to < 2.50

2.5 to < 10

10 to < 100

PD range
(%)

The table also gives the average rates of the main risk parameters in
the Basel framework:

SOVEREIGN, FINANCIAL INSTITUTION,
CORPORATE AND SPECIALISED FINANCING
PORTFOLIOS

5

■ average probability of default weighted by exposure at default:

The following table presents the breakdown by PD range of loans
and commitments for the asset classes: Central governments and
central banks, Institutions and Corporates for all the Group’s
business lines using the advanced IRB Approach. This exposure
represented EUR 1.104 billion at 31 December 2024, including
EUR 1.091 billion of non‑defaulted loans and EUR 12 billion of
defaulted loans, compared with EUR 1,150 billion at 31 December
2023, including EUR 1,139 billion of non‑defaulted loans and
EUR 11 billion of defaulted loans.

average PD (1);
■ weighted average Credit Conversion Factor (CCF) for off‑balance

sheet items: average CCF (2);
■ average Loss Given Default weighted by exposure at default:

average LGD (3);
■ average residual maturity (in years) weighted by the exposure

at default: average maturity.
The average risk weight (average RW) is defined as the ratio between
risk‑weighted assets and the exposure at default (EAD), resulting
from the parameters defined above.
The column “Estimated loss amount” presents the expected loss at a
one‑year horizon.

(1) Average PD: “Probability of Default” – average probability of default weighted by exposure at default.
(2) Average CCF: “Credit Conversion Factor” – ratio of exposure at default to off‑balance sheet exposure.
(3) Average LGD: “Loss Given Default” – average Loss Given Default weighted by exposure at default.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

437

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

➤ TABLE 38: IRBA EXPOSURE BY PD SCALE AND ASSET CLASS – CENTRAL BANK, CENTRAL GOVERNMENT
AND INSTITUTION PORTFOLIO (EU CR6)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

31 December 2024

In millions of
euros

Central
governments
and central
banks

PD range

Balance
sheet
exposure

Off‑balance
sheet Weighted
exposure average
before CCF
CCF

Weighted
EAD average PD

Weighted
Number of obligors average LGD

Weighted
Risk
average ‑weighted
maturity assets(1)

Amount
Value
of adjustments
Average expected
and
weight losses(2) provisions(2)

0.00 to < 0.15% 353,653

593

30% 354,570

0.01%

100 to 1,000

2%

2

1,350

0%

2

0.00 to < 0.10% 353,068

593

30% 353,984

0.01%

100 to 1,000

2%

2

1,316

0%

1

71%

0.10%

0 to 100

10%

2

34

6%
11%

0.10 to < 0.15%

585

585

0.15 to < 0.25%

1,573

151

55%

1,656

0.20%

0 to 100

13%

2

184

0.25 to < 0.50%

3,640

710

55%

4,031

0.29%

0 to 100

21%

3

1,007

25%

2

0.50 to < 0.75%

1,271

759

55%

1,688

0.69%

0 to 100

19%

2

546

32%

2

0.75 to < 2.50%

856

206

64%

989

1.03%

0 to 100

14%

4

268

27%

1

0.75 to < 1.75%

852

205

64%

984

1.03%

0 to 100

14%

4

263

27%

1

109%

1.75 to < 2.5%

4

1

61%

4

1.85%

0 to 100

46%

1

5

2.50 to < 10%

523

211

55%

639

7.20%

0 to 100

6%

4

188

29%

2.5 to < 5%

58

174

55%

153

3.56%

0 to 100

4%

5

23

15%

3

5 to < 10%

465

37

55%

486

8.35%

0 to 100

7%

4

165

34%

3

10 to < 100%

456

3

54%

458

20.77%

0 to 100

13%

2

315

69%

13

10 to < 20%

93

55%

93

16.70%

0 to 100

3%

5

11

12%

20 to < 30%

363

54%

365

21.81%

0 to 100

15%

1

304

83%

12

55%

63 100.00%

0 to 100

25%

4

19

29%

16

3

30 to < 100%
100% (Default)
SUB‑TOTAL
Institutions

62
362,034

2,633

50% 364,093

0.08%

3%

2

3,877

1%

40

0.00 to < 0.15%

26,729

17,122

42%

33,933

0.04% 1,000 to 10,000

26%

3

6,944

20%

4

0.00 to < 0.10%

25,254

15,400

41%

31,662

0.04% 1,000 to 10,000

26%

3

6,382

20%

3

0.10 to < 0.15%

1,475

1,722

46%

2,271

0.12%

100 to 1,000

29%

1

562

25%

1

0.15 to < 0.25%

1,430

1,045

41%

1,864

0.17%

100 to 1,000

57%

2

765

41%

2

0.25 to < 0.50%

3,500

658

32%

3,714

0.38%

100 to 1,000

14%

1

769

21%

2

0.50 to < 0.75%

410

134

39%

467

0.61%

100 to 1,000

35%

3

283

61%

1

0.75 to < 2.50%

1,818

2,243

79%

3,601

1.08%

100 to 1,000

16%

2

1,216

34%

6

0.75 to < 1.75%

1,680

2,156

81%

3,431

1.04%

100 to 1,000

15%

2

1,109

32%

6

1.75 to < 2.5%

137

87

37%

170

2.04%

100 to 1,000

23%

1

107

63%

1

(32)

2.50 to < 10%

508

1,416

35%

994

3.57%

100 to 1,000

35%

2

649

65%

12

2.5 to < 5%

435

1,367

35%

915

3.15%

100 to 1,000

36%

2

544

59%

10

5 to < 10%

73

49

29%

80

8.41%

100 to 1,000

30%

3

106

133%

2

10 to < 100%

254

193

54%

366

17.04%

100 to 1,000

23%

4

407

111%

18

10 to < 20%

160

49

43%

190

11.65%

100 to 1,000

8%

4

98

52%

2

20 to < 30%

93

144

57%

176

22.87%

100 to 1,000

39%

3

309

176%

16

38%

184 100.00%

0 to 100

97%

2

10

5%

177

26%

2 11,043

24%

222

(206)

14,920

4%

263

(237)

30 to < 100%
100% (Default)

184

SUB‑TOTAL

34,833

22,810

TOTAL

396,867

25,444

45%

45,122

0.79%

409,215

(1) Add‑on included.
(2) The expected losses and provisions are not directly comparable data: the expected one‑year losses are statistical estimates through the cycle (TTC) whilst the
provisions for credit risk are calculated according to the IFRS 9 standard (see note 1.f.5 Impairment of financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt
instruments measured at fair value through shareholders’ equity to the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2024).

438

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

5

m

31 December 2023

In millions of
euros

Central
governments
and central
banks

PD range

Balance
sheet
exposure

Off‑balance
sheet Weighted
exposure average
before CCF
CCF

Weighted
EAD average PD

0.00 to < 0.15% 422,378

875

36% 423,540

0.00 to < 0.10% 418,230

875

Weighted
Number of obligors average LGD

0.01%

100 to 1,000

2%

Weighted
Risk
average ‑weighted
maturity assets(1)
2

1,774

Amount
Value
of adjustments
Average expected
and
weight losses(2) provisions(2)
0%

2

36% 419,392

0.01%

100 to 1,000

1%

2

850

0%

1

0.10 to < 0.15%

4,148

0%

4,148

0.13%

0 to 100

19%

3

924

22%

1

0.15 to < 0.25%

1,304

3%

1,304

0.19%

0 to 100

11%

2

177

14%

0.25 to < 0.50%

2,921

614

55%

3,259

0.29%

0 to 100

21%

2

913

28%

2

0.50 to < 0.75%

1,127

757

55%

1,544

0.69%

0 to 100

17%

2

579

38%

2

0.75 to < 2.50%

512

361

55%

710

1.30%

0 to 100

11%

3

200

28%

1

0.75 to < 1.75%

501

361

55%

699

1.29%

0 to 100

11%

3

191

27%

1

1.75 to < 2.5%

11

23%

11

1.88%

0 to 100

33%

1

9

79%

2.50 to < 10%

456

263

55%

601

8.33%

0 to 100

7%

4

252

42%

2.5 to < 5%

3

2

55%

4

3.07%

0 to 100

2%

2

5 to < 10%

453

261

55%

597

8.36%

0 to 100

7%

4

252

42%

4

10 to < 100%

556

83

55%

604

19.48%

0 to 100

12%

2

433

72%

15

10 to < 20%

152

83

55%

199

14.76%

0 to 100

3%

5

31

16%

1

20 to < 30%

405

57%

405

21.81%

0 to 100

16%

1

402

99%

14

55%

113 100.00%

0 to 100

14%

5

32

28%

15

4

8%

30 to < 100%
100% (Default)
SUB‑TOTAL
Institutions

86

47

429,341

3,001

50% 431,674

0.09%

2%

2

4,360

1%

40

0.00 to < 0.15%

23,355

12,145

44%

28,926

0.04% 1,000 to 10,000

25%

3

4,589

16%

3

0.00 to < 0.10%

22,421

11,021

44%

27,453

0.04% 1,000 to 10,000

25%

3

4,197

15%

3

0.10 to < 0.15%

934

1,124

46%

1,472

0.12%

100 to 1,000

32%

2

392

27%

1

0.15 to < 0.25%

1,430

1,171

45%

1,961

0.18%

100 to 1,000

39%

2

647

33%

1

0.25 to < 0.50%

1,803

1,747

68%

2,989

0.32%

100 to 1,000

18%

2

639

21%

2

0.50 to < 0.75%

361

184

36%

432

0.64%

100 to 1,000

19%

3

148

34%

1

0.75 to < 2.50%

1,789

578

34%

1,993

1.42%

100 to 1,000

28%

2

1,165

58%

8

0.75 to < 1.75%

989

240

42%

1,090

1.06%

100 to 1,000

27%

2

502

46%

3

1.75 to < 2.5%

800

338

29%

904

1.87%

100 to 1,000

29%

2

663

73%

5

2.50 to < 10%

489

363

43%

644

5.29%

100 to 1,000

36%

2

460

71%

9

2.5 to < 5%

318

239

38%

409

3.34%

100 to 1,000

44%

2

377

92%

6

5 to < 10%

171

124

53%

235

8.71%

100 to 1,000

22%

4

83

35%

4

10 to < 100%

44

144

51%

117

17.74%

100 to 1,000

47%

2

313

267%

10

10 to < 20%

14

93

53%

63

12.44%

100 to 1,000

40%

3

133

212%

3

20 to < 30%

30

51

48%

55

23.83%

100 to 1,000

54%

1

180

331%

7

20%

181

100%

0 to 100

47%

37,244

0.79%

5

(29)

30 to < 100%
100% (Default)

181

SUB‑TOTAL

29,452

16,331

TOTAL

458,792

19,332

468,918

97%

3

2

1%

168

25%

3

7,963

21%

203

(258)

12,323

3%

243

(287)

(1) Add‑on included.
(2) The expected losses and provisions are not directly comparable data: the expected one‑year losses are statistical estimates through the cycle (TTC) whilst the
provisions for credit risk are calculated according to the IFRS 9 standard (see note 1.f.5 Impairment of financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt
instruments measured at fair value through shareholders’ equity to the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2024).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

439

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

➤ TABLE 39: IRBA EXPOSURE BY PD SCALE AND ASSET CLASS CORPORATE PORTOFOLIOS (EU CR6)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

31 December 2024

In millions of
euros

Corporates –
Specialised
financing

0.00 to < 0.15%

9,319

3,903

53%

11,374

0.05%

100 to 1,000

31%

3

1,860

16%

1

0.00 to < 0.10%

8,440

2,957

52%

9,989

0.04%

100 to 1,000

32%

3

1,557

16%

1

0.10 to < 0.15%

879

946

53%

1,385

0.12%

0 to 100

19%

4

303

22%

Weighted
average
maturity

Risk
‑weighted
assets(1)

10,493

3,231

59%

12,378

0.21%

100 to 1,000

25%

4

4,233

34%

7

0.25 to < 0.50%

14,117

5,054

58%

17,029

0.39%

100 to 1,000

23%

3

7,558

44%

16

0.50 to < 0.75%

3,803

2,196

56%

5,062

0.68%

100 to 1,000

22%

4

2,874

57%

8

0.75 to < 2.50%

12,149

5,266

55%

15,054

1.31% 1,000 to 10,000

24%

4

7,736

51%

7

0.75 to < 1.75%

10,794

4,440

56%

13,275

1.21% 1,000 to 10,000

23%

4

6,300

47%

6

1.75 to < 2.5%

1,355

826

51%

1,779

2.03%

100 to 1,000

28%

3

1,437

81%

1

2.50 to < 10%

6,251

1,825

59%

7,330

4.34%

100 to 1,000

28%

3

3,743

51%

44

2.5 to < 5%

4,605

1,347

55%

5,355

3.37%

100 to 1,000

29%

3

3,096

58%

23

5 to < 10%

1,646

478

69%

1,976

6.98%

100 to 1,000

26%

3

646

33%

21

10 to < 100%

1,405

464

55%

1,660

16.21%

100 to 1,000

23%

3

657

40%

31

10 to < 20%

1,056

346

55%

1,247

14.08%

0 to 100

26%

3

246

20%

19

20 to < 30%

337

117

56%

401

22.27%

0 to 100

13%

5

403

100%

12

30 to < 100%

12

12

35.36%

0 to 100

12%

1

8

68%

1

100 to 1,000

1,743

81

35%

1,792 100.00%

59,281

22,019

56%

71,680

3.78%

0.00 to < 0.15%

1,853

755

54%

2,269

0.07%

0.00 to < 0.10%

1,265

399

58%

1,503

0.05%

100 to 1,000

29%

3

260

17%

0.10 to < 0.15%

588

355

49%

765

0.12%

100 to 1,000

34%

4

360

47%

0.15 to < 0.25%

2,361

833

34%

2,733

0.21% 1,000 to 10,000

30%

2

716

26%

2

20,000 to
30,000

100 to 1,000

51%

2

1,156

64%

911

25%

3

29,818

42%

1,024

31%

4

620

27%

1

0.25 to < 0.50%

6,173

1,267

41%

6,711

0.30%

29%

3

2,373

35%

6

0.50 to < 0.75%

1,480

313

34%

1,650

0.66% 1,000 to 10,000

24%

4

728

44%

3

0.75 to < 2.50%

10,594

2,408

48%

11,824

1.36%

20,000 to
30,000

31%

3

7,942

67%

52

0.75 to < 1.75%

7,022

1,691

49%

7,875

1.03% 10 000 à 20 000

28%

3

4,112

52%

22

1.75 to < 2.5%

3,572

717

47%

3,949

2.03% 1,000 to 10,000

38%

3

3,830

97%

30

10,000 to
20,000

32%

3

4,128

70%

80

33%

3

2,666

63%

47

2.50 to < 10%

4,129

4,735

36%

5,869

4.36%

2.5 to < 5%

2,631

4,416

36%

4,238

3.36% 1,000 to 10,000

5 to < 10%

1,498

319

40%

1,631

6.97% 1,000 to 10,000

29%

3

1,462

90%

32

10 to < 100%

1,306

130

52%

1,384

17.12% 1,000 to 10,000

31%

3

1,877

136%

70

10 to < 20%

844

78

58%

898

12.72% 1,000 to 10,000

33%

4

1,296

144%

38

20 to < 30%

419

51

43%

443

23.53% 1,000 to 10,000

27%

2

531

120%

28

30 to < 100%

42

1

77%

43

43.17%

25%

4

50

116%

5

100% (Default)

440

Weighted
EAD average PD

Weighted
average
Number of obligors
LGD

0.15 to < 0.25%

100% (Default)

SUB‑TOTAL

Value
Amount of adjustments
Average anticipated
and
weight losses(2) provisions(2)

PD range

SUB‑TOTAL
SME
corporates

Off‑balance
sheet Weighted
exposure average
before CCF
CCF

Balance
sheet
exposure

100 to 1,000

1,640

151

42%

1,705 100.00% 1,000 to 10,000

47%

2

1,415

83%

822

29,536

10,593

41%

34,145

30%

3

19,799

58%

1,035

7.02%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

(978)

(986)

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

5

m

31 December 2024
Balance
sheet
exposure

Off‑balance
sheet Weighted
exposure average
before CCF
CCF

Weighted
EAD average PD

Weighted
average
Number of obligors
LGD

Weighted
average
maturity

Risk
‑weighted
assets(1)

Value
Amount of adjustments
Average anticipated
and
weight losses(2) provisions(2)

In millions of
euros

PD range

Other
corporates

0.00 to < 0.15%

82,647 207,032

46% 178,897

0.05%

10,000 to
20,000

41%

2

40,908

23%

39

0.00 to < 0.10%

57,625 168,997

46% 135,442

0.03% 10 000 à 20 000

42%

2

25,844

19%

19

0.10 to < 0.15%

25,022

38,035

48%

43,455

0.12% 1,000 to 10,000

39%

2

15,063

35%

20

0.15 to < 0.25%

31,356

40,997

42%

48,748

0.21% 10 000 à 20 000

38%

2

21,079

43%

39

0.25 to < 0.50%

28,767

27,445

39%

39,791

0.37%

20,000 to
30,000

33%

3

20,534

52%

50

30%

3

7,005

62%

23

0.50 to < 0.75%

8,276

7,122

41%

11,354

0.66%

10,000 to
20,000

0.75 to < 2.50%

43,505

32,946

44%

58,382

1.37%

40,000 to
50,000

30%

3

52,134

89%

346

30%

3

25,704

68%

111

0.75 to < 1.75%

28,008

22,072

42%

37,634

1.03%

20,000 to
30,000

1.75 to < 2.5%

15,497

10,874

47%

20,748

1.98%

10,000 to
20,000

31%

2

26,430

127%

235

4.55%

10,000 to
20,000

30%

3

31,951

136%

256

10,000 to
20,000

162

2.50 to < 10%

16,635

16,200

41%

23,468

2.5 to < 5%

10,985

11,975

42%

16,098

3.43%

30%

3

23,375

145%

5 to < 10%

5,650

4,226

40%

7,370

7.00% 1,000 to 10,000

29%

3

8,576

116%

94

10 to < 100%

5,849

2,821

52%

7,330

18.04% 1,000 to 10,000

26%

2

9,734

133%

327

10 to < 20%

3,609

2,034

53%

4,704

15.27% 1,000 to 10,000

31%

3

7,537

160%

223

20 to < 30%

2,145

779

49%

2,528

22.58% 1,000 to 10,000

18%

1

2,141

85%

100

30 to < 100%

95

8

38%

98

34.09%

10%

2

56

58%

3

6,374

1,793

50%

2

5,012

70%

3,772

37%

2 188,357

50%

4,851

(4,455)

237,974

49%

6,910

(6,419)

100% (Default)

41%

100 to 1,000

7,139 100.00% 1,000 to 10,000

SUB‑TOTAL

223,409 336,356

45% 375,110

TOTAL

312,226 368,968

480,935

2.87%

5

(1) Add‑on included.
(2) The expected losses and provisions are not directly comparable data: the expected one‑year losses are statistical estimates through the cycle (TTC) whilst the
provisions for credit risk are calculated according to the IFRS 9 standard (see note 1.f.5 Impairment of financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt
instruments measured at fair value through shareholders’ equity to the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2024).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

441

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

31 December 2023

In millions of
euros

Corporates –
Specialised
financing

Off‑balance
sheet Weighted
exposure average
before CCF
CCF

PD range

Balance
sheet
exposure

0.00 to < 0.15%

5,732

3,944

50%

7,777

0.08%

100 to 1,000

12%

0.00 to < 0.10%

3,276

2,534

49%

4,606

0.05%

100 to 1,000

13%

0.10 to < 0.15%

2,456

1,411

51%

3,171

0.12%

100 to 1,000

9%

0.15 to < 0.25%

6,366

1,535

52%

7,163

0.18%

100 to 1,000

12%

4

Weighted
EAD average PD

Weighted
average
Number of obligors
LGD

Weighted
average
maturity
4

Risk
‑weighted
assets(1)

Value
Amount of adjustments
Average anticipated
and
weight losses(2) provisions(2)

814

10%

4

516

11%

4

299

9%

1,230

17%

1

2

0.25 to < 0.50%

14,129

5,235

53%

16,941

0.34% 1,000 to 10,000

15%

4

4,330

26%

9

0.50 to < 0.75%

5,950

2,453

63%

7,508

0.69%

100 to 1,000

17%

3

3,217

43%

9

0.75 to < 2.50%

13,006

6,035

57%

16,438

1.35% 1,000 to 10,000

14%

3

7,234

44%

30

0.75 to < 1.75%

10,365

5,241

57%

13,339

1.18% 1,000 to 10,000

14%

3

5,880

44%

21

1.75 to < 2.5%

2,642

793

57%

3,100

2.09%

100 to 1,000

13%

3

1,354

44%

9

2.50 to < 10%

5,874

2,818

54%

7,405

4.95% 1,000 to 10,000

12%

3

3,404

46%

40

2.5 to < 5%

3,219

1,432

52%

3,971

3.40%

100 to 1,000

13%

3

1,834

46%

17

5 to < 10%

2,655

1,386

56%

3,434

6.76%

100 to 1,000

10%

4

1,571

46%

22

10 to < 100%

2,740

2,399

54%

4,036

17.17%

100 to 1,000

8%

4

1,537

38%

60

10 to < 20%

1,843

2,234

54%

3,052

15.31%

100 to 1,000

5%

4

949

31%

25

20 to < 30%

896

165

53%

984

22.97%

0 to 100

15%

2

588

60%

35

1,622

182

67%

1,769 100.00%

100 à 1 000

46%

3

1,151

65%

823

30 to < 100%
100% (default)
SUB‑TOTAL
SME
corporates

SUB‑TOTAL

442

55,418

24,601

55%

69,038

4.61%

13%

3

22,918

33%

972

0.00 to < 0.15%

1,608

2,276

48%

2,703

0.07% 1,000 to 10,000

37%

3

867

32%

1

0.00 to < 0.10%

915

1,863

48%

1,818

0.05%

100 to 1,000

38%

3

515

28%

0.12%

0.10 to < 0.15%

693

413

46%

885

100 to 1,000

35%

3

352

40%

0.15 to < 0.25%

1,515

786

35%

1,807

0.17% 1,000 to 10,000

25%

2

445

25%

1

0.25 to < 0.50%

6,616

1,879

38%

7,362

0.31%

20,000 to
30,000

26%

3

2,444

33%

6

0.50 to < 0.75%

2,020

477

43%

2,233

0.64% 1,000 to 10,000

22%

4

964

43%

3

27%

3

9,463

66%

55

0.75 to < 2.50%

13,157

2,333

45%

14,236

1.48%

30,000 to
40,000

0.75 to < 1.75%

7,069

1,757

44%

7,864

1.03%

10,000 to
20,000

29%

3

4,307

55%

23

25%

2

5,156

81%

32

1.75 to < 2.5%

6,088

575

48%

6,371

2.04%

10,000 to
20,000

2.50 to < 10%

4,538

8,283

37%

7,607

4.16%

10,000 to
20,000

32%

3

5,106

67%

101

2.5 to < 5%

2,885

7,726

36%

5,671

3.27% 1,000 to 10,000

34%

3

3,360

59%

64

5 to < 10%

1,654

557

48%

1,936

6.76% 1,000 to 10,000

27%

3

1,745

90%

37

10 to < 100%

1,375

131

45%

1,445

17.50% 1,000 to 10,000

27%

3

1,685

117%

66

10 to < 20%

861

66

45%

894

13.47% 1,000 to 10,000

28%

3

1,056

118%

32
29

20 to < 30%

470

63

45%

505

22.59% 1,000 to 10,000

25%

2

569

113%

30 to < 100%

44

1

82%

45

40.42%

100 to 1,000

26%

4

60

132%

5

100% (Default)

1,986

117

38%

2,033 100.00% 1,000 to 10,000

50%

2

995

49%

977

32,815

16,280

40%

39,427

28%

3

21,967

56%

1,209

7.24%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

(954)

(1,176)

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

5

m

31 December 2023
Balance
sheet
exposure

Off‑balance
sheet Weighted
exposure average
before CCF
CCF

Weighted
EAD average PD

Weighted
average
Number of obligors
LGD

Weighted
average
maturity

Risk
‑weighted
assets(1)

Value
Amount of adjustments
Average anticipated
and
weight losses(2) provisions(2)

In millions of
euros

PD range

Other
corporates

0.00 to < 0.15%

92,209 188,099

47% 181,047

0.08%

10,000 to
20,000

33%

2

41,916

23%

46

0.00 to < 0.10%

45,780 149,087

48% 117,093

0.05% 1,000 to 10,000

32%

2

23,109

20%

20

0.10 to < 0.15%

46,429

45%

63,954

0.12% 1,000 to 10,000

34%

2

18,807

29%

25

41,366

0.18%

10,000 to
20,000

35%

2

16,388

40%

27

30,000 to
40,000

0.15 to < 0.25%

26,881

39,012
33,494

43%

0.25 to < 0.50%

38,033

36,937

41%

53,582

0.34%

34%

2

27,272

51%

61

0.50 to < 0.75%

10,323

9,030

40%

14,099

0.67% 1,000 to 10,000

28%

3

8,423

60%

26

0.75 to < 2.50%

32,864

23,352

42%

43,235

1.39%

30,000 to
40,000

27%

2

29,105

67%

160

20,000 to
30,000

27%

2

19,410

62%

97

0.75 to < 1.75%

23,249

17,809

43%

31,306

1.15%

1.75 to < 2.5%

9,615

5,543

39%

11,929

2.02% 1,000 to 10,000

26%

2

9,695

81%

64

27,024

4.68%

20,000 to
30,000

30%

3

36,320

134%

213

3.48%

10,000 to
20,000

30%

2

25,124

146%

185

2.50 to < 10%

20,748

14,362

45%

2.5 to < 5%

13,623

8,943

42%

17,248

5 to < 10%

7,125

5,419

48%

9,777

6.80% 1,000 to 10,000

30%

3

11,196

115%

28

10 to < 100%

5,194

3,761

49%

7,055

16.94% 1,000 to 10,000

27%

3

9,946

141%

322

10 to < 20%

3,758

2,889

48%

5,172

14.68% 1,000 to 10,000

25%

3

6,788

131%

189

20 to < 30%

1,373

866

51%

1,815

22.71% 1,000 to 10,000

31%

3

3,060

169%

128

30 to < 100%

63

5

59%

68

34.27%

22%

3

98

144%

5

6,272

966

45%

2

4,170

62%

3,391

32%

2 173,540

46%

4,246

(4,449)

218,425

45%

6,428

(6,579)

100% (Default)

40%

0 to 100

6,677 100.00% 1,000 to 10,000

SUB‑TOTAL

232,524 310,003

45% 374,086

TOTAL

320,758 350,884

482,551

2.73%

5

(1) Add‑on included.
(2) The expected losses and provisions are not directly comparable data: the expected one‑year losses are statistical estimates through the cycle (TTC) whilst the
provisions for credit risk are calculated according to the IFRS 9 standard (see note 1.f.5 Impairment of financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt
instruments measured at fair value through shareholders’ equity to the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2024).

Most of the Group’s central government and central bank
counterparties are of very high credit quality and based in developed
countries, meaning that they have very good internal ratings and
very low average Loss Given Default.
The majority of the Group’s corporate commitments concerns
counterparties of excellent or good quality, reflecting the large part

of multinationals in BNP Paribas’ customer base. Other
commitments are mainly structured transactions or transactions
secured by high‑quality assets, reflected in their average LGD levels.
On average, the probability of default excluding counterparty default
stands at 0.64%. It is 1.11% for Corporates.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

443

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

➤ TABLE 40: AVERAGE PD AND LGD OF THE CORPORATE ASSET CLASS BY GEOGRAPHIC REGION
31 December 2024
Non‑defaulted exposure

Average PD

Average LGD

444,887

1.23%

33%

of which France

131,741

1.18%

36%

of which Belgium

68,961

2.12%

20%

of which Luxembourg

22,263

1.26%

29%

of which Italy

51,171

1.05%

39%

North America

135,962

0.92%

38%

Asia Pacific

57,830

0.65%

40%

Rest of the World

30,733

1.10%

29%

TOTAL

669,412

1.11%

35%

In millions of euros

Europe(1)

(1) Within the European Union and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA).

31 December 2023
Non‑defaulted exposure

Average PD

Average LGD

460,921

1.28%

28%

of which France

144,717

1.21%

30%

of which Belgium

69,107

1.89%

20%

of which Luxembourg

24,002

1.07%

29%

of which Italy

56,657

0.99%

34%

In millions of euros

Europe(1)

North America

114,632

1.16%

29%

Asia Pacific

52,751

0.98%

34%

Rest of the World

32,192

1.05%

30%

TOTAL

660,497

1.23%

29%

(1) Within the European Union and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA).

444

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

INTERNAL RATING SYSTEM SPECIFIC
TO RETAIL CUSTOMERS
Retail customers are characterised by a high degree of granularity,
small unit volumes and a standard risk profile.
The majority of retail borrowers are assigned a behavioural score
which serves as a basis to determine the probability of default and,
for each transaction, the Global Recovery Rate (GRR) and exposure at
default (EAD). These parameters are calculated every month on the
basis of the most up‑to‑date information. They are supplemented by
different scores that are made available to the commercial function.
The latter has no involvement in determining risk parameters. These
methods are used consistently for all retail customers. The general
principles of the rating system are set out in the Rating System
paragraph in the section Credit Risk Management Policy.

5

Scoring techniques are used to assign retail customers to risk groups
presenting the same default risk characteristics. This also applies to
the other credit risk parameters: EAD and LGD.
The chart below shows a breakdown by PD range of non‑defaulted
loans and commitments in the retail book for all the Group’s
business lines, measured using the internal ratings‑based approach
(see Table 27: Indicative mapping of internal counterparty rating
with agency rating scale and average PD).
These exposures represented EUR 275 billion at 31 December 2024,
stable compared with 31 December 2023.

➤ FIGURE 9: IRBA EXPOSURE BY PD RANGE – RETAIL PORTFOLIO
% of exposure

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

40%
35%
30%
25%

5

20%
15%
10%
5%
0%
0.00 to < 0.15

0.15 to < 0.25

0.25 to < 0.50

0.5 to < 0.75

0.75 to < 2.50

2.5 to < 10

10 to < 100

PD range
(%)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

445

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

RETAIL PORTFOLIO
The following table gives the breakdown by PD range of the retail loans and commitments for all of the Group’s business lines using the
advanced IRB Approach. Total exposure represented EUR 282 billion as at 31 December 2024 compared with EUR 282 billion as at 31 December
2023.

➤ TABLE 41: IRBA EXPOSURE BY PD SCALE AND ASSET CLASS – RETAIL GUARANTEED BY REAL PROPERTY
PORTFOLIO (EU CR6)
a

b

c

d

e

f

h

i

j

k

l

m

31 December 2024

In millions of euros
Retail – Secured by
residential
property

PD range

EAD

Weighted
Weighted
average PD average LGD

Weighted
average Risk‑weighted
maturity
assets(1)

Average
weight

Amount of
anticipated
losses(2)

0.00 to < 0.15%

87,313

1,357

100%

88,672

0.05%

15%

5

2,095

2%

7

0.00 to < 0.10%

77,557

1,202

100%

78,759

0.04%

15%

5

1,639

2%

5

0.10 to < 0.15%

9,757

154

101%

9,913

0.12%

15%

5

456

5%

2

0.15 to < 0.25%

24,539

534

101%

25,079

0.18%

17%

5

1,820

7%

8
18

0.25 to < 0.50%

32,459

483

100%

32,943

0.38%

15%

5

3,305

10%

0.50 to < 0.75%

4,914

140

101%

5,056

0.67%

17%

5

851

17%

6

0.75 to < 2.50%

21,859

546

100%

22,405

1.51%

24%

5

9,324

42%

80

0.75 to < 1.75%

15,006

459

100%

15,466

1.25%

26%

5

6,428

42%

53

1.75 to < 2.5%

6,852

87

100%

6,939

2.10%

18%

5

2,896

42%

26

2.50 to < 10%

7,219

85

100%

7,305

4.86%

21%

5

5,348

73%

71

2.5 to < 5%

3,848

59

100%

3,908

3.41%

22%

5

2,571

66%

29

5 to < 10%

3,371

26

100%

3,397

6.54%

19%

5

2,777

82%

43

10 to < 100%

2,599

32

100%

2,632

23.63%

23%

5

3,379

128%

140

10 to < 20%

1,455

22

100%

1,478

13.52%

23%

5

1,831

124%

46

20 to < 30%

53

1

100%

54

25.72%

20%

5

70

129%

3

30 to < 100%

1,091

9

100%

1,100

37.10%

22%

5

1,478

134%

91

100% (default)

1,421

5

96%

1,426

100.00%

19%

4

1,237

87%

427

182,323

3,183

100%

185,517

1.61%

17%

5

27,360

15%

756

0.00 to < 0.15%

1,037

23

53%

1,053

0.06%

23%

4

30

3%

0.00 to < 0.10%

961

15

62%

973

0.05%

23%

5

26

3%

0.10 to < 0.15%

77

8

34%

80

0.12%

18%

4

4

4%

0.15 to < 0.25%

440

78

28%

476

0.20%

20%

4

34

7%

0.25 to < 0.50%

2,797

256

35%

2,921

0.34%

20%

4

286

10%

2

0.50 to < 0.75%

1,160

95

38%

1,206

0.68%

20%

4

201

17%

2

0.75 to < 2.50%

2,495

226

39%

2,603

1.44%

17%

4

624

24%

7

0.75 to < 1.75%

1,836

179

41%

1,925

1.22%

17%

4

409

21%

4

1.75 to < 2.5%

659

47

32%

679

2.06%

18%

4

215

32%

3

2.50 to < 10%

1,924

150

38%

1,991

4.51%

18%

4

931

47%

16

2.5 to < 5%

1,211

91

42%

1,255

3.40%

18%

4

526

42%

8

5 to < 10%

713

59

31%

735

6.40%

17%

4

405

55%

8

10 to < 100%

442

21

46%

454

18.73%

22%

4

446

98%

19

10 to < 20%

315

18

47%

325

14.08%

22%

4

319

98%

10

20 to < 30%

77

3

32%

78

24.95%

16%

4

63

81%

3

30 to < 100%

50

1

81%

51

38.87%

26%

4

63

124%

5

SUB‑TOTAL
Retail – Secured by
commercial
property

Balance sheet
Off‑balance
exposure sheet exposure

Weighted
average
CCF

100% (default)

Value
adjustments
and
provisions(2)

244

3

37%

254

100.00%

36%

3

247

97%

84

SUB‑TOTAL

10,539

852

37%

10,959

4.44%

19%

4

2,798

26%

130

(90)

TOTAL

192,862

4,035

30,158

15%

886

(700)

196,476

(1) Add‑on included.
(2) The expected losses and provisions are not directly comparable data: the expected one‑year losses are statistical estimates through the cycle (TTC) whilst the
provisions for credit risk are calculated according to the IFRS 9 standard (see note 1.f.5 Impairment of financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt
instruments measured at fair value through shareholders’ equity to the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2024).

446

(610)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

h

i

j

k

l

5

m

31 December 2023

In millions of euros

PD range

Balance
sheet
exposure

Retail – Secured
by residential
property

0.00 to < 0.15%

67 217

EAD

Weighted
average PD

Weighted
average
LGD

Weighted
average
maturity

1 488

100 %

68 707

0,10 %

10 %

5

Value
Amount of adjustments
anticipated
and
losses(2) provisions(2)

Risk
‑weighted
assets(1)

Average
weight

2 107

3%

7

0.00 to < 0.10%

15 183

292

100 %

15 475

0,06 %

13 %

5

392

3%

1

0.10 to < 0.15%

52 034

1 197

100 %

53 232

0,11 %

9%

5

1 715

3%

5

0.15 to < 0.25%

16 986

427

102 %

17 420

0,18 %

16 %

5

1 156

7%

5

0.25 to < 0.50%

43 548

672

100 %

44 220

0,37 %

13 %

5

4 478

10 %

22

0.50 to < 0.75%

24 280

433

101 %

24 715

0,59 %

13 %

5

3 389

14 %

19

0.75 to < 2.50%

17 269

243

100 %

17 511

1,48 %

14 %

5

4 765

27 %

36

0.75 to < 1.75%

12 406

139

99 %

12 544

1,28 %

14 %

5

3 230

26 %

23

1.75 to < 2.5%

4 863

103

100 %

4 967

2,00 %

13 %

5

1 535

31 %

13

2.50 to < 10%

7 747

232

101 %

7 980

4,20 %

14 %

5

3 930

49 %

48

2.5 to < 5%

5 842

212

101 %

6 056

3,46 %

13 %

5

2 747

45 %

28

5 to < 10%

1 905

19

100 %

1 924

6,52 %

16 %

5

1 183

61 %

19

10 to < 100%

2 877

35

100 %

2 913

21,94 %

14 %

5

2 486

85 %

89

10 to < 20%

1 839

22

100 %

1 862

13,13 %

14 %

5

1 535

82 %

33
14

20 to < 30%

409

4

100 %

413

26,01 %

13 %

5

401

97 %

30 to < 100%

628

10

100 %

638

44,99 %

15 %

5

550

86 %

42

100% (default)

1 610

7

95 %

1 617

100,00 %

24 %

4

862

53 %

457
682

SUB‑TOTAL
Retail – Secured
by commercial
property

Off‑balance Weighted
sheet average
exposure
CCF

181 533

3 537

100 %

185 085

1,76 %

12 %

5

23 174

13 %

0.00 to < 0.15%

186

22

35 %

198

0,09 %

22 %

4

8

4%

0.00 to < 0.10%

96

10

32 %

102

0,07 %

25 %

4

4

4%

0.10 to < 0.15%

90

11

39 %

97

0,12 %

18 %

4

4

4%

0.15 to < 0.25%

366

75

32 %

403

0,18 %

18 %

4

26

6%

0.25 to < 0.50%

2 586

248

35 %

2 708

0,36 %

21 %

4

308

11 %

2

0.50 to < 0.75%

2 329

106

48 %

2 390

0,59 %

25 %

5

465

19 %

3

0.75 to < 2.50%

2 442

242

37 %

2 552

1,41 %

17 %

4

606

24 %

6

0.75 to < 1.75%

1 850

192

36 %

1 935

1,21 %

16 %

4

386

20 %

4

1.75 to < 2.5%

592

50

42 %

617

2,05 %

21 %

4

220

36 %

3

2.50 to < 10%

1 624

135

33 %

1 681

4,61 %

17 %

4

801

48 %

14

2.5 to < 5%

977

89

33 %

1 012

3,47 %

18 %

4

438

43 %

6

5 to < 10%

647

46

34 %

669

6,33 %

17 %

4

363

54 %

7

10 to < 100%

468

18

59 %

480

18,21 %

24 %

4

526

110 %

21

10 to < 20%

337

14

60 %

347

13,35 %

25 %

4

378

109 %

11

20 to < 30%

70

4

48 %

72

23,99 %

17 %

4

62

87 %

3

30 to < 100%

61

91 %

62

38,88 %

28 %

5

86

139 %

7

100% (default)

252

6

42 %

263

100,00 %

36 %

3

140

53 %

92

SUB‑TOTAL

10 254

853

37 %

10 675

4,58 %

21 %

4

2 880

27 %

138

(93)

TOTAL

191 787

4 390

26 054

13 %

820

(671)

195 760

5

(578)

(1) Add‑on included.
(2) The expected losses and provisions are not directly comparable data: the expected one‑year losses are statistical estimates through the cycle (TTC) whilst the
provisions for credit risk are calculated according to the IFRS 9 standard (see note 1f.5 Impairment of financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt
instruments measured at fair value through shareholders’ equity to the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2024).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

447

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

➤ TABLE 42: IRBA EXPOSURE BY PD SCALE AND ASSET CLASS – OTHER RETAIL PORTFOLIOS (EU CR6)
a

b

c

d

e

f

h

i

j

k

l

m

31 December 2024

In millions of euros

Retail –
Revolving
exposures

PD range

448

EAD

Weighted Weighted
Weighted average average
average PD
LGD maturity

Risk
‑weighted
assets(1)

Average
weight

33

1,775

73%

1,843

0.05%

33%

1

24

1%

0.00 to < 0.10%

28

1,655

73%

1,706

0.04%

33%

1

20

1%

0.10 to < 0.15%

4

120

72%

137

0.12%

39%

1

4

3%

Amount of
anticipated
losses(2)

0.15 to < 0.25%

98

3,619

72%

2,876

0.17%

29%

1

92

3%

1

0.25 to < 0.50%

245

1,334

44%

898

0.40%

34%

1

67

7%

1

0.50 to < 0.75%

4

372

65%

248

0.65%

25%

1

20

8%

0.75 to < 2.50%

421

718

50%

894

1.39%

41%

1

205

23%

5

0.75 to < 1.75%

361

636

48%

748

1.24%

41%

1

159

21%

4

1.75 to < 2.5%

61

82

67%

147

2.17%

40%

1

46

32%

1

2.50 to < 10%

1,498

442

43%

1,805

5.00%

46%

1

1,140

63%

42

2.5 to < 5%

858

363

41%

1,063

3.49%

43%

1

503

47%

16

5 to < 10%

640

79

49%

742

7.15%

49%

1

637

86%

26

10 to < 100%

612

66

41%

701

21.51%

50%

1

932

133%

74

10 to < 20%

406

45

47%

473

12.75%

51%

1

588

124%

31

20 to < 30%

-

18

19%

4

27.01%

46%

1

5

147%

30 to < 100%

205

3

82%

225

39.83%

47%

1

339

151%

42

100% (default)

SUB‑TOTAL

Off‑balance Weighted
sheet average
exposure
CCF

0.00 to < 0.15%

548

28

76%

616

100.00%

61%

1

320

52%

344

3,460

8,353

64%

9,881

8.91%

36%

1

2,800

28%

469

0.00 to < 0.15%

2,093

468

56%

2,416

0.07%

25%

4

96

4%

0.00 to < 0.10%

1,709

281

66%

1,935

0.05%

24%

4

60

3%

0.10 to < 0.15%

384

187

41%

481

0.13%

28%

3

36

8%

SUB‑TOTAL
Retail – SME

Balance
sheet
exposure

0.15 to < 0.25%

1,838

759

72%

2,442

0.22%

35%

2

313

13%

2

0.25 to < 0.50%

4,536

1,663

69%

5,811

0.32%

31%

3

873

15%

6

0.50 to < 0.75%

2,247

455

59%

2,563

0.67%

34%

3

632

25%

6

0.75 to < 2.50%

7,217

1,647

78%

8,624

1.59%

35%

2

3,228

37%

47

0.75 to < 1.75%

3,761

1,183

79%

4,766

1.20%

35%

2

1,595

33%

20

1.75 to < 2.5%

3,456

464

77%

3,858

2.08%

34%

2

1,633

42%

27

2.50 to < 10%

3,209

704

68%

3,780

4.78%

32%

2

1,572

42%

58

2.5 to < 5%

1,793

445

72%

2,169

3.63%

33%

2

887

41%

26

5 to < 10%

1,416

259

60%

1,611

6.33%

30%

2

686

43%

31

10 to < 100%

1,639

197

80%

1,869

18.10%

40%

3

1,314

70%

133

10 to < 20%

1,216

154

79%

1,379

13.09%

41%

3

915

66%

72

20 to < 30%

117

25

79%

148

26.71%

34%

2

109

74%

14

30 to < 100%

307

17

88%

342

34.57%

39%

2

290

85%

47

100% (default)

2,104

75

86%

2,240

100.00%

46%

1

1,307

58%

1,060

24,883

5,969

70%

29,746

9.88%

33%

3

9,336

31%

1,311

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Value
adjustments
and
provisions(2)

(407)

(1,243)

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

h

i

j

k

l

5

m

31 December 2024
Off‑balance Weighted
sheet average
exposure
CCF

In millions of euros

PD range

Balance
sheet
exposure

Retail – Other

0.00 to < 0.15%

5,155

1,785

81%

6,680

0.06%

30%

3

EAD

Weighted Weighted
Weighted average average
average PD
LGD maturity

Risk
‑weighted
assets(1)

416

Average
weight

Amount of
anticipated
losses(2)

6%

1

0.00 to < 0.10%

4,116

1,338

77%

5,213

0.05%

28%

3

251

5%

1

0.10 to < 0.15%

1,039

447

92%

1,467

0.12%

34%

3

165

11%

1

0.15 to < 0.25%

4,166

579

87%

4,720

0.19%

41%

3

883

19%

4

0.25 to < 0.50%

6,642

1,615

93%

8,281

0.39%

33%

3

1,899

23%

10

0.50 to < 0.75%

2,489

277

96%

2,801

0.58%

36%

2

890

32%

6

0.75 to < 2.50%

9,159

1,318

95%

10,602

1.39%

38%

2

5,218

49%

57

0.75 to < 1.75%

6,577

1,131

97%

7,795

1.14%

38%

2

3,548

46%

33

1.75 to < 2.5%

2,582

187

84%

2,807

2.11%

39%

2

1,671

60%

23

2.50 to < 10%

4,741

574

94%

5,360

4.46%

40%

2

3,608

67%

100

2.5 to < 5%

3,477

386

92%

3,900

3.49%

39%

2

2,444

63%

53

5 to < 10%

1,264

188

97%

1,460

7.05%

45%

2

1,164

80%

47

10 to < 100%

1,418

80

97%

1,512

22.77%

45%

2

1,650

109%

152

10 to < 20%

809

62

97%

879

13.36%

47%

2

884

101%

55

20 to < 30%

14

2

88%

16

26.60%

38%

3

16

106%

2

30 to < 100%

596

17

98%

617

36.09%

43%

2

749

122%

95

100% (default)

2,005

14

81%

2,019

100.00%

62%

2

1,089

54%

1,279

90%

41,975

6.70%

36%

3

SUB‑TOTAL

35,776

6,242

TOTAL

64,118

20,564

81,601

Value
adjustments
and
provisions(2)

15,654

37%

1,608

(1,411)

27,789

34%

3,388

(3,061)

5

(1) Add‑on included.
(2) The expected losses and provisions are not directly comparable data: the expected one‑year losses are statistical estimates through the cycle (TTC) whilst the
provisions for credit risk are calculated according to the IFRS 9 standard (see note 1.f.5 Impairment of assets at amortised cost and debt instruments at fair value
through equity to the consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2024).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

449

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

h

i

j

k

l

m

31 December 2023

In millions of euros

Retail –
Revolving
exposures

PD range
0.00 to < 0.15%

SUB‑TOTAL

450

60

Off‑balance Weighted
sheet average
exposure
CCF
1 773

76 %

EAD

Weighted Weighted
Weighted average average
average PD
LGD maturity

1 914

0,09 %

81 %

1

Risk
‑weighted
assets(1)

Average
weight

Amount of
anticipated
losses(2)

115

6%

1

0.00 to < 0.10%

9

673

76 %

699

0,03 %

80 %

1

17

2%

0.10 to < 0.15%

51

1 100

77 %

1 215

0,12 %

82 %

1

98

8%

1

0.15 to < 0.25%

59

3 383

74 %

2 584

0,17 %

29 %

1

82

3%

1

0.25 to < 0.50%

262

1 513

49 %

1 088

0,38 %

49 %

1

121

11 %

2

0.50 to < 0.75%

48

590

71 %

548

0,61 %

57 %

1

108

20 %

2

0.75 to < 2.50%

380

644

52 %

763

1,35 %

56 %

1

267

35 %

6

0.75 to < 1.75%

358

597

50 %

694

1,29 %

54 %

1

219

32 %

5

1.75 to < 2.5%

23

47

78 %

68

1,94 %

80 %

1

48

70 %

1

2.50 to < 10%

1 474

475

70 %

1 840

4,97 %

49 %

1

1 292

70 %

46

2.5 to < 5%

841

400

59 %

1 098

3,47 %

47 %

1

587

53 %

18

5 to < 10%

633

76

128 %

741

7,20 %

52 %

1

705

95 %

28

10 to < 100%

658

63

124 %

760

22,05 %

52 %

1

1 126

148 %

87

10 to < 20%

428

44

133 %

498

12,92 %

53 %

1

663

133 %

34

20 to < 30%

83

13

76 %

98

24,12 %

52 %

1

176

179 %

13

30 to < 100%

147

7

157 %

164

48,44 %

50 %

1

287

175 %

40

100% (Default)

492

26

65 %

555

100,00 %

61 %

1

255

46 %

311

3 433

8 468

68 %

10 051

8,33 %

52 %

1

3 366

33 %

456

0.00 to < 0.15%

1 022

362

65 %

1 304

0,09 %

33 %

2

92

7%

0.00 to < 0.10%

565

211

62 %

720

0,07 %

32 %

2

39

5%

SUB‑TOTAL
Retail – SME

Balance
sheet
exposure

0.10 to < 0.15%

457

150

69 %

583

0,12 %

34 %

3

53

9%

0.15 to < 0.25%

782

941

55 %

1 352

0,18 %

31 %

2

138

10 %

1

0.25 to < 0.50%

5 118

1 688

69 %

6 425

0,33 %

32 %

3

1 004

16 %

7

0.50 to < 0.75%

4 103

571

73 %

4 567

0,60 %

31 %

4

1 014

22 %

8

0.75 to < 2.50%

6 805

1 848

79 %

8 384

1,50 %

34 %

2

2 933

35 %

44

0.75 to < 1.75%

3 952

1 339

79 %

5 084

1,14 %

32 %

2

1 536

30 %

18

1.75 to < 2.5%

2 853

509

80 %

3 300

2,07 %

38 %

3

1 397

42 %

25

2.50 to < 10%

3 905

587

70 %

4 407

4,92 %

30 %

2

1 890

43 %

66

2.5 to < 5%

1 564

353

74 %

1 863

3,68 %

32 %

2

768

41 %

22

5 to < 10%

2 342

235

64 %

2 544

5,83 %

29 %

2

1 122

44 %

44

10 to < 100%

1 784

196

92 %

2 035

17,44 %

38 %

3

1 307

64 %

128

10 to < 20%

1 345

153

92 %

1 524

12,60 %

39 %

3

944

62 %

73

20 to < 30%

242

33

84 %

288

24,24 %

32 %

2

185

64 %

22

30 to < 100%

197

9

122 %

223

41,73 %

35 %

3

178

80 %

33

100% (Default)

2 143

74

98 %

2 346

100,00 %

46 %

1

1 090

46 %

981

25 664

6 268

71 %

30 819

10,04 %

33 %

3

9 469

31 %

1 235

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Value
adjustments
and
provisions(2)

(368)

(1 187)

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

h

i

j

k

l

5

m

31 December 2023
Off‑balance Weighted
sheet average
exposure
CCF

In millions of euros

PD range

Balance
sheet
exposure

Retail – Other

0.00 to < 0.15%

7 769

1 832

0.00 to < 0.10%

2 334

0.10 to < 0.15%

5 435

0.15 to < 0.25%

EAD

Weighted Weighted
Weighted average average
average PD
LGD maturity

Risk
‑weighted
assets(1)

1 274

Average
weight

Amount of
anticipated
losses(2)

13 %

4

88 %

9 463

0,10 %

43 %

3

1 016

73 %

3 095

0,05 %

41 %

3

204

7%

1

816

107 %

6 368

0,12 %

44 %

3

1 071

17 %

3

1 637

541

88 %

2 141

0,19 %

36 %

3

359

17 %

1

0.25 to < 0.50%

7 171

1 712

94 %

8 854

0,38 %

38 %

3

2 590

29 %

13

0.50 to < 0.75%

3 395

365

98 %

3 972

0,61 %

41 %

3

1 665

42 %

10

0.75 to < 2.50%

7 511

1 059

98 %

8 650

1,39 %

40 %

2

4 864

56 %

47

0.75 to < 1.75%

5 587

977

99 %

6 637

1,20 %

39 %

2

3 555

54 %

31

1.75 to < 2.5%

1 924

81

93 %

2 012

2,00 %

41 %

2

1 308

65 %

16

2.50 to < 10%

4 884

249

111 %

5 175

4,49 %

42 %

2

3 882

75 %

100

2.5 to < 5%

3 666

154

120 %

3 860

3,52 %

41 %

2

2 722

71 %

56

5 to < 10%

1 218

95

96 %

1 315

7,34 %

46 %

2

1 160

88 %

44

10 to < 100%

1 254

77

97 %

1 347

23,12 %

43 %

2

1 502

112 %

130

10 to < 20%

715

55

99 %

785

13,71 %

44 %

2

806

103 %

47

Value
adjustments
and
provisions(2)

20 to < 30%

242

5

89 %

247

24,37 %

42 %

2

303

123 %

25

30 to < 100%

297

16

90 %

314

45,64 %

40 %

2

392

125 %

58

100% (Default)

2 020

18

85 %

2 043

100,00 %

63 %

2

964

47 %

1 410

93 %

41 644

6,67 %

40 %

2

17 100

41 %

1 715

(1 574)

29 935

36 %

3 406

(3 129)

SUB‑TOTAL

35 641

5 851

TOTAL

64 738

20 587

82 515

5

(1) Add‑on included.
(2) The expected losses and provisions are not directly comparable data: the expected one‑year losses are statistical estimates through the cycle (TTC) whilst the
provisions for credit risk are calculated according to the IFRS 9 standard (see note 1.f.5 Impairment of assets at amortised cost and debt instruments at fair value
through equity to the consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2024).

Most of the mortgage exposures concern Commercial & Personal
Banking in France, Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium and
Commercial & Personal Banking in Luxembourg. Mortgages are
issued according to strict and well‑defined procedures. Average
probability of default on retail clients’ non‑defaulted loans is 1.31%.

The low average Loss Given Default level reflects the guarantees put
in place when the mortgages were granted. Most of the Revolving
exposures and Other exposures relate to consumer loans
subsidiaries that have a wider range of customers in terms of credit
quality and a lower level of guarantees.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

451

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

➤ TABLE 43: AVERAGE PD AND LGD OF THE RETAIL PORTFOLIO BY GEOGRAPHIC REGION
31 December 2024
Non‑defaulted exposure

Average PD

Average LGD

273,495

1.31%

22%

of which France

144,555

1.40%

24%

of which Belgium

83,319

1.11%

18%

of which Luxembourg

8,845

1.02%

21%

of which Italy

34,534

1.47%

23%

North America

605

n.s.

n.s.

Asia Pacific

407

n.s.

n.s.

Rest of the World

624

n.s.

n.s.

275,131

1.31%

22%

In millions of euros

Europe(1)

TOTAL
(1) Within the European Union and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA).

31 December 2023
Non‑defaulted exposure

Average PD

Average LGD

273,289

1.34%

20%

of which France

145,826

1.48%

21%

of which Belgium

81,663

1.15%

18%

of which Luxembourg

8,983

0.91%

21%

of which Italy

34,683

1.27%

21%

North America

548

n.s.

n.s.

Asia Pacific

414

n.s.

n.s.

Rest of the World

603

n.s.

n.s.

274,854

1.34%

20%

In millions of euros

Europe(1)

TOTAL
(1) Within the European Union and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA).

452

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

CREDIT RISK: STANDARDISED APPROACH
For exposures under the standardised approach, BNP Paribas uses
the external ratings from External Credit Assessment Institutions
(ECAIs) recognised by the supervisor: Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s,
Fitch Ratings, Cerved and Banque de France.
The Group uses the correspondence tables published by the EBA and
the ACPR to compare the external ratings and weighting rates used
to calculate risk‑weighted assets specific to each exposure class:
The ratings supplied by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch
Ratings are mainly used for exposures to Central governments and
central banks, Regional and local authorities, Public sector entities
and Multilateral development banks, Institutions and Corporates.
The ratings supplied by the Banque de France are mainly used for
corporate exposures and exposures secured by a mortgage on a real
estate asset.

The ratings supplied by Cerved are mainly used for Corporate
exposures.
When there is no directly applicable external rating, the issuer’s
senior unsecured rating may, if available, be obtained from external
databases and used for risk‑weighting purposes in some cases.
As at 31 December 2024, standardised approach exposure
represented 24% of the BNP Paribas Group’s total gross exposures to
credit risk. This breakdown is slightly up compared to 31 December
2023.
The following table shows a summary of standardised risk‑weighted
exposures broken down by regulatory asset class. The equity
exposures weighted using the standardised approach consist
primarily of asset value guarantees given to fund unit holders.

➤ TABLE 44: STANDARDISED CREDIT RISK EXPOSURE BY STANDARD EXPOSURE CLASS (EU CR4)
a

b

c

d

e

f

31 December 2024
Gross exposure
In millions of euros

Balance sheet

Exposure net of provisions

Off‑balance
sheet Balance sheet

EAD

Off‑balance
sheet Balance sheet

Off‑balance
sheet

RWAs

RWA density

1

Central governments or central banks

31,582

22

31,536

22

35,988

5

7,463

21%

2

Regional governments or local
authorities

2,286

1,108

2,281

1,108

1,973

314

569

25%

3

Public sector entities

1,335

1,141

1,333

1,140

1,321

385

965

57%

4

Multilateral development banks

4,657

3

4,657

3

4,918

2

0%

5

International organisations

1,322

2

1,322

2

1,322

1

0%

6

Institutions

13,709

2,819

13,702

2,816

13,747

1,194

4,746

32%

7

Corporates

93,488

17,997

93,229

17,948

86,265

6,945

71,688

77%

8

Retail

96,104

30,362

94,723

30,315

91,974

2,164

64,540

69%

9

Exposures secured by mortgages on
immovable property

40,122

2,205

39,856

2,194

35,488

991

16,855

46%

10,365

304

5,113

262

4,870

73

5,488

111%

217

15

214

15

214

6

324

147%

5,303

3,413

5,302

3,413

5,302

1,475

10,961

162%

82

185

82

185

82

92

1,704

979%

16 Other items

66,315

4,260

66,315

4,260

66,315

4,158

41,788

59%

17 TOTAL

366,886

63,836

359,665

63,684

349,779

17,804

227,092

62%

10 Exposures in default
Exposures associated with
11 particularly high risk(1)

5

12 Covered bonds
Institutions and corporates with
13 a short‑term credit assessment
14 Collective investment undertakings
15 Equity

(1) Exposures in the property development sector for which risk profile may be influenced by market conditions.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

453

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

31 December 2023
Gross exposure
In millions of euros

Balance sheet

Exposure net of provisions

Off‑balance
sheet Balance sheet

EAD

Off‑balance
sheet Balance sheet

Off‑balance
sheet

RWAs

RWA density

1

Central governments or central banks

29 003

285

28 972

285

33 629

134

4 842

14 %

2

Regional governments or local
authorities

3 668

2 125

3 666

2 124

3 290

442

709

19 %

3

Public sector entities

1 779

1 417

1 778

1 417

1 737

351

1 110

53 %

4

Multilateral development banks

1 635

2

1 635

2

1 796

1

5

International organisations

1 278

1

1 278

1

1 278

0%
0%

6

Institutions

12 999

2 829

12 996

2 821

13 597

1 281

5 562

37 %

7

Corporates

77 899

28 763

77 615

28 703

71 297

9 259

60 937

76 %

8

Retail

94 497

29 923

92 854

29 872

89 681

2 081

62 749

68 %

9

Exposures secured by mortgages on
immovable property

39 750

1 976

39 422

1 966

35 040

867

16 012

45 %

9 777

285

4 661

251

4 469

66

4 957

109 %

3 470

2 156

3 459

2 156

3 459

846

7 838

182 %

96

444

96

444

96

222

2 265

712 %

16 Other items

35 286

1 662

35 286

1 662

35 286

1 556

21 211

58 %

17 TOTAL

311 139

71 868

303 718

71 704

294 657

17 107

188 191

60 %

10 Exposures in default
Exposures associated with
11 particularly high risk(1)
12 Covered bonds
Institutions and corporates with
13 a short‑term credit assessment
14 Collective investment undertakings
15 Equity

(1) Exposures in the property development sector for which risk profile may be influenced by market conditions.

Outstanding loans under the standardised approach excluding other
items increased in 2024, mainly driven by an increase in CPBS (+EUR
21.9 billion) partially offset by CIB (-EUR 7.1 billion), mainly on
Corporate clients in Europe.

454

The following table gives the breakdown by standard asset class, the
distribution by risk weight of the loans and commitments in the book
for all the Group’s business lines using the standardised approach.
Exposure at default was EUR 368 billion at 31 December 2024
compared to EUR 312 billion at 31 December 2023.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

➤ TABLE 45: STANDARDISED CREDIT EXPOSURE AT DEFAULT (EU CR5)
a

e

f

g

i

j

k

m

n

o

p

q

31 December 2024
EAD (on‑balance and off‑balance)
Risk weight
In millions of euros

Total

of which
unrated(1)

35,993

9,999

2,287

1,116

1,706

367

4,920

4,920

261

1,323

1,323

0%

20%

Central governments or
central banks

28,896

249

Regional governments or
local authorities

352

3

Public sector entities

496

4

Multilateral development
banks

5

International organisations

6

Institutions

11,459

7

Corporates

20,211

8

Retail

3,945

9

Exposures secured by
mortgages on immovable
property

23,223

1
2

35%

100%

150%

613

4,491

1,744

1,701

5

228

237

94

863

6

50%

75%

370%

1,250%

Other

17

2,053

1,417

10

14,940

499

7,729

64,102

1,161

93,209

58,767

94,138

94,138

36,479

27,092

90,192

6,013

10 Exposures in default

3,211

3,718

212

3,854

1,089

4,943

4,811

220

220

220

11 Exposures associated with
particularly high risk(2)

102

12 Covered bonds

-

13 Institutions and corporates
with a short‑term credit
assessment

-

14 Unit or shares in collective
investment undertakings

589

128

261

1,185

10

15 Equity

4,603
54

16 Other items

7,812

319

1,688

15,194

17 TOTAL

44,388 34,304 27,174 18,456 93,404 95,052

120
45,461

4,446

54

6,777

6,160

174

174

70,473

61,286

5

120 50,184 367,583 264,890

(1) Exposures to counterparties without a credit rating from external rating agencies.
(2) Exposures in the property development sector for which risk profile may be influenced by market conditions.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

455

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

e

f

g

i

j

k

m

n

o

p

q

31 December 2023
EAD (on‑balance and off‑balance)
Risk weight
In millions of euros

Total

of which
unrated(1)

33 764

8 934

124

3 732

1 650

916

2 088

583

1 797

1 797

161

1 278

1 278

82

0%

20%

Central governments or
central banks

28 305

630

Regional governments or
local authorities

682

3

Public sector entities

633

4

Multilateral development
banks

5

International organisations

6

Institutions

10 229

7

Corporates

621 15 334

8

Retail

4 030

9

Exposures secured by
mortgages on immovable
property

24 637

1
2

35%

100%

150%

225

4 602

1

2 922

4

251

287

632

50%

75%

1,250%

Other

2 232

2 356

62

14 878

520

9 093

54 240

636

80 556

48 834

91 762

91 762

87 733

5 221

2 293

10 Exposures in default

3 560

197

35 907

28 231

3 694

842

4 536

4 438

11 Exposures associated with
particularly high risk(2)

-

12 Covered bonds

-

13 Institutions and corporates
with a short‑term credit
assessment

-

14 Unit or shares in collective
investment undertakings

7

101

109

809

7

15 Equity

3 272
194

16 Other items

7 805

566

139

14 280

17 TOTAL

41 129 30 032 29 298 17 311 90 025 84 581

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

124
14 052

1 745

(1) Exposures to counterparties without a credit rating from external rating agencies.
(2) Exposures in the property development sector for which risk profile may be influenced by market conditions.

456

370%

194

4 305

4 034

318

318

36 843

28 466

124 17 324 311 764 218 013

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

The following chart shows the breakdown by risk weight of EAD outstandings relating to credit risk for all the Group’s business lines, measured
using the standardised approach.

➤ FIGURE 10: STANDARDISED EXPOSURE AT DEFAULT BY RISK WEIGHT
% of exposure
40%

31 December 2024
31 December 2023

35%

30%

25%

20%

15%

10%

5%

0%

0%

20%

35%

50%

75%

100%

150%

1,250%

Other

5

Weighting
(%)

CREDIT RISK: EQUITIES UNDER THE SIMPLE WEIGHTING METHOD
Exposure
Exposures under the simple weighting method at 31 December 2024
amounted to EUR 11.7 billion, versus EUR 13.6 billion at
31 December 2023.

Scope
The equities held by the Group outside trading portfolios are
securities “conferring residual and subordinated rights on issuer’s
assets or income, or securities representing a similar economic
nature”. They encompass:
■ listed and unlisted equities, including shares in investment

funds;
■ embedded

options of convertible bonds, redeemable or
exchangeable for equities;

The scope of exposures processed according to the simple weighting
method does not include the following items:
■ stakes higher than 10% in credit or financial institutions, mainly

consolidated by the equity method or held as financial assets at
fair value through equity, are exempt from the equity deduction,
being weighted at a flat rate of 250% (exposure of
EUR 5.7 billion at 31 December 2024 compared with
EUR 4.9 billion at 31 December 2023);
■ exposures in the form of units or shares of undertakings for

collective investment (UCI) treated according to the
transparency approach in accordance with the provisions of
articles 132 to 132c of Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (exposure
of EUR 8.7 billion at 31 December 2024 compared with
EUR 5.6 billion at 31 December 2023).

■ equity options;
■ super subordinated notes;
■ private funds on given commitments;
■ equity holdings hedge;
■ shares of consolidated entities using the equity method.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

457

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

Accounting principles and valuation methods

■ 190% for investments held for medium/long‑term valuation

Accounting principles and valuation methods are set out in note 1.f
to the consolidated financial statements – Financial assets and
liabilities.

purposes within the activity of the Principal Investments
business, as well as private equity exposures in diversified
portfolios in line with the Bank’s business line activities;
■ 290% for exposures in the form of listed securities, including

primarily investments related to the Bank’s business line
activities. In addition, some exposures relating to Principal
Investments are also included in this category;

Total gains and losses
Total unrealised gains and losses recorded in shareholders’ equity
are set out in note 4.c to the consolidated financial statements –
Financial assets at fair value through equity.

■ 370% for all other exposures in the form of equities, primarily

Risk‑weighted assets
The simple weighting method gives the following risk weights for the
calculation of risk‑weighted assets:

including entities consolidated using the equity method
(including the Group’s insurance entities in the prudential scope
that are included in Table 47: Insurance undertakings
(EU INS1)). Furthermore, this risk weight is also applied to
unlisted investments in non‑diversified portfolios.

➤ TABLE 46: EQUITY POSITIONS UNDER THE SIMPLE WEIGHTING METHOD (EU CR10)
a

b

c

d

e

f

31 December 2024
On‑balance
sheet gross
exposure

Off‑balance
sheet gross
exposure

Risk weight

2,010

19

190%

2,019

3,836

16

699

290%

699

2,028

6

Other equity exposures

8,942

370%

8,942

33,085

215

TOTAL

11,651

11,660

38,949

236

d

e

In millions of euros

Private equity exposures
Exchange‑traded equity exposures

Risk weighted
Exposure value exposure amount

19

c

Expected loss
amount

a

b

f

On‑balance
sheet gross
exposure

Off‑balance
sheet gross
exposure

Risk weight

Private equity exposures

1,820

23

190%

1,831

3,480

15

Exchange‑traded equity exposures

1,278

290%

1,278

3,706

10

Other equity exposures

10,474

370%

10,474

38,755

251

TOTAL

13,572

13,584

45,941

276

31 December 2023

In millions of euros

Risk weighted
Exposure value exposure amount

23

Expected loss
amount

The decrease of -EUR 7 billion in risk‑weighted assets in 2024 is mainly linked to market effects for the entire portfolio.
The Group does not use the simple weighting method for specialised lending portfolios.

➤ TABLE 47: INSURANCE UNDERTAKINGS (EU INS1)
a

b

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Holdings in insurance companies(1)(before 370% risk weight)

6,001

4,824

TOTAL RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS

22,204 17,847

In millions of euros

1

(1) Significant financial holdings in insurance companies consolidated by the equity method within the prudential scope, benefiting from the provisions of article 49 of
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on exemptions from deduction from regulatory capital of holdings in an insurance company. Under the provisions of article 48 of
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013, a potential deduction from regulatory capital would have a limited impact with a decrease of less than 2 basis points in the CET1 ratio.

458

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

EXPOSURES, PROVISIONS AND COST OF RISK [Audited]
Impaired exposures (stage 3) related to assets at amortised cost and
financing and guarantee commitments given, as well as the
guarantees received as collateral, are presented in note 4.f Impaired
financial assets (stage 3). The definition of impaired loans (stage 3)
is presented in note 1.f.5 Impairment of financial assets measured at
amortised cost and debt instruments measured at fair value through
shareholders’ equity, Definition of default paragraph.
The following table shows the carrying amount of performing and
non‑performing (1) financial assets included in the prudential
consolidation scope.

The classifications used for exposures shown are taken from
financial reports intended for the supervisory authority (2) and so
differ from the exposure classes usually used within the context of
Pillar 3. The classification includes:
■ central banks;
■ public administrations including mainly central governments,

regional or local authorities and international organisations;
■ credit institutions including credit institutions and multilateral

development banks;

■ exposures in default;

■ other financial corporations including institutions (notably
supervised investment companies and clearing houses) and
corporations (mainly investment funds, pension funds and
insurance companies);

■ 90 days past‑due exposures that are not in default;

■ non‑financial corporations including mainly corporations and

An exposure is deemed to be non‑performing when it falls into one of
the following categories:

■ restructured loans (see the Restructured loans section) during

the one‑year minimal period required before returning to
performing status.

small and medium enterprises (SME);
■ households: mainly non‑SME retail portfolio.

In this part, in accordance with the Implementing Regulation (EU)
No. 2021/637, the scope of the tables in this section includes the
following items:
■ current accounts with central banks (cash accounts are not

considered);
■ loans and receivables and debt securities at amortised cost;

5

■ loans and receivables and debt securities at fair value through

equity;
■ loans and receivables and debt securities at fair value through

profit or loss excluding the trading portfolio;
■ financing and guarantee commitments outside the trading

portfolio.
Exposures in default include impaired loans and receivables
(stage 3) and doubtful loans and receivables and debt securities at
fair value through profit or loss outside the trading book.

(1) At 31 December 2024, the Group’s non‑performing loans ratio was 2.4%, compared with 2.2% at 31 December 2023. This ratio is used by the European Banking Authority to
monitor non‑performing outstandings in Europe. It is calculated on the basis of gross outstanding of loans, receivables and deposits with central banks, not netted of
guarantees received.
(2) Appendices III and V of Implementing Regulation (EU) No. 2021/451 on supervisory reporting.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

459

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

➤ TABLE 48: PERFORMING AND NON‑PERFORMING EXPOSURES AND RELATED PROVISIONS (EU CR1) [Audited]
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

n

o

31 December 2024
Accumulated impairment, accumulated negative changes in fair value due to
credit risk and provisions

Gross carrying amount
Non‑performing exposures

Performing exposures
In millions of euros

of which
stage 2

Non‑performing exposures

Performing exposures

of which
stage 1 & 2

of which
defaulted

of which
stage 1

of which
stage 2

1

(19)

(15)

(4)

26,501 (3,720)

(1,810)

Current accounts
at central banks
and other
005 demand deposits

188,522

187,857

665

1

-

Loans and
010 advances

928,317

858,701

69,616

26,998

498

020 Central banks

10,646

10,646

General
030 governments

35,523

33,951

1,573

261

89

171

(17)

(8)

(9)

(64)

040 Credit institutions

12,242

12,143

98

77

1

76

(10)

(6)

(4)

Other financial
050 corporations

114,808

111,624

3,184

1,053

3

1,050

(92)

(42)

-

(1,909) (13,439)

On
On
non
performing ‑performing
exposures exposures

of which
stage 1 & 2

of which
defaulted

-

-

759

-

(8) (13,431)

524,030

8,646

4,270
(3)

(61)

8,954

79

(71)

(71)

6,411

1

(51)

(854)

(854)

18,314

139

Non‑financial
060 corporations

422,317

375,443

46,874

14,912

394

14,518 (1,406)

(635)

(771)

(7,219)

(4)

(7,214)

251,579

5,683

070 of which SMEs

126,007

110,597

15,411

6,162

107

6,056

(629)

(314)

(315)

(2,537)

(2)

(2,535)

86,554

2,731

10,685 (2,195)

080 Households

332,782

314,895

17,888

10,696

11

090 Debt securities

223,009

220,815

2,194

422

-

100 Central banks

6,056

4,847

1,209

General
110 governments

151,791

151,100

691

120 Credit institutions

25,990

25,900

90

101

101

Other financial
130 corporations

32,275

32,105

171

259

Non‑financial
140 corporations

6,896

6,863

33

62

Off‑balance sheet
150 exposures

596,936

573,146

23,790

2,441

160 Central banks

65,839

65,839

9,201

8,000

1,201

180 Credit institutions

22,379

21,950

429

Other financial
190 corporations

78,195

77,516

680

22

Non‑financial
200 corporations

370,308

350,169

20,139

2,281

220 TOTAL

2

(1,120)

(1,075)

(5,232)

(1)

(5,231)

234,503

2,744

(64)

(25)

(39)

(288)

-

(288)

3,925

-

(39)

(14)

(26)

(9)

(7)

(2)

(101)

(101)

3,575

259

(12)

(1)

(11)

(133)

(133)

62

(3)

(3)

(54)

(54)

2,439

(387)

(181)

422

(206)

350

(318)

-

(318)

154,322

749

65,474

General
170 governments

210 Households

460

of which stage
1

Collateral and financial
guarantees received

1

1

51,014

49,672

1,342

138

2

1,936,784

1,840,519

96,265

29,862

500

(2)

(1)

(1)

866

(11)

(4)

(7)

4,744

22

(18)

(13)

(5)

(4)

(4)

11,636

2

2,281

(286)

(121)

(166)

(309)

(309)

67,365

729

136

(70)

(42)

(28)

(5)

(5)

4,237

18

29,362 (4,191)

(2,032)

(2,159) (14,045)

(8) (14,037)

683,036

9,395

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

n

5

o

31 December 2023
Accumulated impairment, accumulated negative changes in fair value due to
credit risk and provisions

Gross carrying amount
Non‑performing exposures

Performing exposures
In millions of euros

of which stage
1

of which
stage 2

of which
defaulted

2

Cash balances at
central banks
and other
005 demand deposits

292,738

292,359

379

2

-

Loans and
010 advances

73,255

26,775

465

902,012

828,757

020 Central banks

9,731

9,731

General
030 governments

33,971

31,954

2,017

256

040 Credit institutions

7,457

6,839

618

Other financial
050 corporations

90,811

87,537

Non‑performing exposures

Performing exposures

of which
stage 1 & 2

Collateral and financial
guarantees received

of which
stage 1

of which
stage 2

(26)

(21)

(5)

26,310 (4,338)

(1,960)

-

(2,378) (13,261)

On
On
non
performing ‑performing
exposures exposures

of which
stage 1 & 2

of which
defaulted

-

-

973

-

(13) (13,248)

538,230

8,551

3,313
93

163

(16)

(6)

(10)

(39)

80

80

(27)

(18)

(9)

3,274

1,412

1,412

(153)

(70)

(1)

(38)

8,826

167

(67)

(67)

3,580

(83)

(856)

(856)

21,110

502

Non‑financial
060 corporations

430,758

380,019

50,739

14,155

344

13,811 (1,807)

(726)

(1,081)

(6,978)

(3)

(6,975)

272,354

5,011

070 of which SMEs

127,144

108,650

18,494

5,597

90

5,507

(770)

(319)

(451)

(2,363)

(2)

(2,361)

92,600

2,532

10,844 (2,335)

080 Households

329,284

312,677

16,607

10,872

28

090 Debt securities

175,677

175,342

335

349

-

100 Central banks

4,705

4,705

General
110 governments

118,856

118,785

120 Credit institutions

18,004

18,004

Other financial
130 corporations

27,747

27,552

Non‑financial
140 corporations

71

(9)

(5,312)

229,047

2,871

(226)

-

(226)

4,017

-

(17)

(14)

(3)
(101)

(101)

3,262
305

152

(13)

(1)

(12)

(56)

(56)

96

(6)

(4)

(2)

(69)

(69)

1,658

(570)

(269)

(301)

(313)

96

560,116

533,559

26,557

1,661

160 Central banks

51,627

51,627

3

5

450

152

69

-

(313)

142,400

398

49,622

General
170 governments

11,292

9,915

1,377

180 Credit institutions

15,155

13,611

1,544

Other financial
190 corporations

77,005

76,019

986

87

Non‑financial
200 corporations

357,031

335,568

21,463

1,390

46,819

1,187

136

(1)

1,830,017 100,526

28,787

468

48,006

(5,321)

(17)

195

6,296

1,930,543

(1,195)

(19)

101

6,365

220 TOTAL

(1,140)

(36)

101

Off‑balance sheet
150 exposures

210 Households

349

48

48

4

(5)

(2)

(3)

742

(27)

(7)

(20)

654

42

87

(32)

(24)

(8)

(11)

(11)

17,614

12

1,386

(421)

(182)

(239)

(298)

(298)

69,078

331

137

(85)

(54)

(31)

(4)

(4)

4,690

13

28,319 (4,970)

(2,269)

(2,701) (13,800)

(13) (13,787)

685,620

8,949

Changes in the stock of non‑performing loans and advances (EU CR2) are presented in note 4.f Impaired financial assets (stage 3) to the
consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

461

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

➤ TABLE 49: PERFORMING AND NON‑PERFORMING EXPOSURES BY PAST DUE DAYS (EU CQ3) [Audited]
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

31 December 2024
Non‑performing exposures

Performing exposures

Not past due or
≤ 30 days

In millions of euros

> 30 days
≤ 90 days

> 90 days
≤ 180 days

> 180 days
≤ 1 year

> 1 year
≤ 2 years

> 2 years
≤ 5 years

> 5 years
≤ 7 years

> 7 years

of which
defaulted

Cash balances at central
banks and other demand
005 deposits

188,522

188,522

-

1

1

-

-

-

-

-

-

1

010 Loans and advances

928,317

923,500

4,818

26,998

9,307

1,910

2,574

3,032

4,925

1,697

3,553

26,501

020 Central banks

10,646

10,646

030 General governments

35,523

35,458

66

261

67

34

28

10

76

26

21

171

040 Credit institutions

12,242

12,239

2

77

2

72

76

Other financial
050 corporations

114,808

114,759

48

1,053

523

13

23

17

88

175

215

1,050

Non‑financial
060 corporations

422,317

418,949

3,368

14,912

5,864

864

1,350

1,507

2,062

990

2,275

14,518

070 of which SMEs

126,007

125,278

729

6,162

2,050

474

693

929

1,068

413

534

6,056

080 Households

332,782

331,449

1,333

10,696

2,852

999

1,173

1,496

2,699

506

971

10,685

090 Debt securities

223,009

223,009

-

422

309

-

-

-

5

-

108

422

100 Central banks

6,056

6,056

110 General governments

151,791

151,791

120 Credit institutions

25,990

25,990

101

2

99

101

Other financial
130 corporations

32,275

32,275

259

250

8

259

Non‑financial
140 corporations

6,896

6,896

62

57

Off‑balance sheet
150 exposures

596,936

160 Central banks

65,839

170 General governments

9,201

180 Credit institutions

22,379

Other financial
190 corporations
Non‑financial
200 corporations
210 Households
220 TOTAL

462

Unlikely to
pay that are
not past due
or are past
due
≤ 90 days

2

5

62

2,441

2,439

1

1

78,195

22

22

370,308

2,281

2,281

51,014
1,936,784

138
1,335,030

4,818

29,862

136
9,617

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

1,910

2,574

3,032

4,930

1,697

3,661

29,362

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

5

l

31 December 2023
Non‑performing exposures

Performing exposures

In millions of euros

Not past due
or ≤ 30 days

> 30 days
≤ 90 days

Unlikely to
pay that are
not past due
or are past
due ≤ 90 days

> 90 days
≤ 180 days

> 180 days
≤ 1 year

> 1 year
≤ 2 years

> 2 years
≤ 5 years

> 1 year
≤ 2 years

> 5 years

of which
defaulted

Cash balances at central
banks and other demand
005 deposits

292,738

292,738

-

2

-

-

-

-

-

-

2

2

010 Loans and advances

4,806

26,775

9,475

2,051

2,110

2,728

4,780

1,374

4,257

26,310

12

6

69

99

28

902,012

897,206

020 Central banks

9,731

9,731

030 General governments

33,971

33,935

36

256

36

040 Credit institutions

7,457

7,454

3

80

3

Other financial
050 corporations

90,811

90,687

124

1,412

638

30

5

309

230

Non‑financial
060 corporations

430,758

427,102

3,656

14,155

5,847

995

848

1,049

070 of which SMEs

127,144

126,363

781

5,597

2,082

378

544

080 Households

329,284

328,297

987

10,872

2,951

1,014

1,251

090 Debt securities

175,677

175,677

-

349

236

-

-

-

100 Central banks

4,705

4,705

110 General governments

118,856

118,856

120 Credit institutions

18,004

18,004

101

2

99

Other financial
130 corporations

27,747

27,747

152

144

2

Non‑financial
140 corporations

6,365

6,365

96

90

Off‑balance sheet
150 exposures

560,116

160 Central banks

51,627

170 General governments

11,292

180 Credit institutions

15,155

Other financial
190 corporations
Non‑financial
200 corporations
210 Households
220 TOTAL

6

163

75

79

8

192

1,412

1,767

869

2,780

13,812

707

838

314

734

5,506

1,299

2,684

469

1,204

10,844

5

101

7

349

2

5

101
6

152

1

96

1,661

1,658

48

48

77,005

87

87

357,031

1,390

1,386

48,006

136

137

1,930,543 1,365,621

4,806

28,787

9,711

2,051

2,110

2,728

4,785

1,475

4,266

5

28,319

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

463

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

Table 50 (EU CQ4) below shows the on- and off‑balance sheet exposures. These exposures contribute to all Group risks, mainly credit risk.

➤ TABLE 50: EXPOSURES AND PROVISIONS BY GEOGRAPHIC BREAKDOWN (EU CQ4) [Audited]
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

31 December 2024
Accumulated impairment

Gross carrying amount/Nominal amount

Of which Of which non‑performing
Instruments with
significant
increase in credit
risk since initial
Of which loans
recognition but not
and advances
credit‑impaired
Of which
subject to
(stage 2)
defaulted
impairment

In millions of euros
010

070

464

Of which
Instruments
with significant
increase in
credit risk
since initial
recognition but
not
credit
‑impaired
(Stage 2)

Of which
defaulted

Provisions on Accumulated
off‑balance negative due to
sheet credit risk on
commitments
non
and financial
‑performing
exposures
guarantees
given changes in fair
value

On balance sheet exposures

1,367,269

72,927

27,421

26,923

1,362,026

(17,478)

(1,956)

(13,667)

Europe(1)

1,010,510

58,127

23,040

22,792

1,006,345

(14,298)

(1,684)

(10,982)

(52)

France

402,055

22,190

9,441

9,278

400,100

(5,707)

(736)

(4,452)

(15)

Belgium

171,333

8,076

3,100

3,098

171,297

(1,512)

(130)

(1,246)

Luxembourg

43,921

2,266

581

572

43,705

(167)

(33)

(114)

(2)

Italy

126,360

7,329

3,929

3,926

126,250

(3,032)

(304)

(2,353)

(30)

United Kingdom

62,681

3,423

1,221

1,215

62,262

(828)

(75)

(642)

(3)

Germany

58,412

5,613

1,641

1,622

57,329

(1,059)

(118)

(805)

Netherlands

22,577

1,125

144

144

22,571

(78)

(11)

(54)

Other European countries

123,172

8,105

2,984

2,937

122,830

(1,915)

(277)

(1,314)

(3)

North America

139,856

4,894

858

658

139,194

(204)

(60)

(126)

-

Asia Pacific

102,374

2,127

372

369

102,312

(232)

(16)

(156)

-

Japan

34,252

380

11

11

34,222

(11)

(9)

0

North Asia

28,533

893

216

214

28,533

(79)

(2)

(31)

South‑East Asia (ASEAN)

19,730

558

121

121

19,713

(129)

(3)

(117)

Indian peninsula & Pacific

19,858

296

24

22

19,843

(13)

(2)

(7)

Rest of the World

114,529

7,780

3,151

3,104

114,176

(2,744)

(196)

(2,403)

Türkiye

18,381

981

167

167

18,381

(220)

(48)

(114)

Mediterranean

9,909

2,018

973

969

9,909

(796)

(52)

(706)

Gulf States & Africa

9,996

396

1,431

1,431

9,996

(1,255)

(40)

(1,188)

Latin America

13,689

477

168

167

13,335

(131)

(4)

(120)

Other countries

62,554

3,908

412

371

62,554

(342)

(52)

(275)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

(52)

-

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

5

g

31 December 2024
Accumulated impairment

Gross carrying amount/Nominal amount

Of which Of which non‑performing
Instruments with
significant
increase in credit
risk since initial
Of which loans
recognition but not
and advances
credit‑impaired
Of which
subject to
(stage 2)
defaulted
impairment

In millions of euros
080

Off‑balance sheet exposures

150

Of which
defaulted

599,377

23,792

2,441

2,439

599,377

(706)

(206)

(318)

Europe

361,142

12,951

1,940

1,938

361,142

(492)

(116)

France

104,375

4,124

735

735

104,375

(166)

(52)

Belgium

40,899

2,195

263

263

40,899

(87)

Luxembourg

17,157

424

134

134

17,157

Italy

36,610

1,459

401

401

36,610

United Kingdom

40,702

1,635

113

113

Germany

34,894

896

164

164

Netherlands

18,561

295

20

20

(1)

140

Of which
Instruments
with significant
increase in
credit risk
since initial
recognition but
not
credit
‑impaired
(Stage 2)

Provisions on Accumulated
off‑balance negative due to
sheet credit risk on
commitments
non
and financial
‑performing
exposures
guarantees
given changes in fair
value
(706)

-

(240)

(492)

-

(62)

(166)

(10)

(61)

(87)

(22)

(4)

(14)

(22)

(96)

(13)

(65)

(96)

40,702

(22)

(6)

0

(22)

34,894

(40)

(5)

(26)

(40)

18,561

(4)

(1)

0

(4)

Other European countries

67,944

1,923

111

109

67,944

(55)

(24)

(13)

(55)

North America

123,998

7,625

280

280

123,998

(85)

(55)

(14)

(85)

-

Asia Pacific

33,997

366

43

43

33,997

(6)

(2)

(1)

(6)

-

Japan

2,836

4

0

0

2,836

0

0

0

0

North Asia

18,584

146

30

30

18,584

(3)

(1)

0

(3)

South‑East Asia (ASEAN)

6,063

108

0

0

6,063

(1)

0

0

(1)

Indian peninsula & Pacific

6,514

110

13

13

6,514

(2)

(1)

(1)

(2)

Rest of the World

80,240

2,849

179

179

80,240

(122)

(33)

(63)

(122)

Türkiye

6,897

328

27

27

6,897

(31)

(10)

(10)

(31)

Mediterranean

2,524

670

94

94

2,524

(59)

(10)

(41)

(59)

Gulf States & Africa

54,749

120

54

54

54,749

(20)

(4)

(12)

(20)

Latin America

5,356

408

3

3

5,356

(8)

(7)

0

(8)

Other countries

10,714

1,323

1

1

10,714

(4)

(2)

0

(4)

1,966,646

96,719

29,862

29,362

1,961,403

(18,183)

(2,162)

(13,985)

(706)

TOTAL

5
-

(52)

(1) Within the European Union, the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) and the United Kingdom.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

465

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

31 December 2023
Gross carrying amount/Nominal amount

Of which Of which non‑performing
Instruments with
significant
increase in credit
risk since initial
Of which loans
recognition but not
and advances
credit‑impaired
Of which
subject to
(stage 2)
defaulted
impairment

In millions of euros
010

070

466

Accumulated impairment
Of which
Instruments
with significant
increase in
credit risk
since initial
recognition but
not
credit
‑impaired
(Stage 2)

Of which
defaulted

Provisions on Accumulated
off‑balance negative due to
sheet credit risk on
commitments
non
and financial
‑performing
exposures
guarantees
given changes in fair
value

On balance sheet exposures

1,397,553

74,371

27,126

26,661

1,393,402

(17,817)

(2,404)

(13,404)

Europe(1)

1,100,051

62,345

22,566

22,352

1,097,563

(14,349)

(2,050)

(10,559)

France

490,339

21,068

9,042

8,897

488,938

(5,286)

(759)

(3,949)

Belgium

174,544

9,073

2,531

2,521

174,517

(1,423)

(190)

(1,087)

Luxembourg

51,238

2,419

362

357

51,042

(189)

(46)

(113)

(3)

Italy

133,525

8,179

4,631

4,629

133,453

(3,657)

(487)

(2,784)

(23)

United Kingdom

57,788

4,811

977

966

57,545

(743)

(99)

(533)

(7)

Germany

52,738

5,913

1,330

1,308

52,529

(987)

(151)

(689)

Netherlands

21,181

2,190

160

157

21,165

(92)

(20)

(52)

Other European countries

118,699

8,693

3,532

3,517

118,374

(1,972)

(298)

(1,353)

North America

111,548

4,431

767

614

110,240

(225)

(87)

(113)

-

(27)

Asia Pacific

95,147

2,294

323

320

94,981

(290)

(48)

(160)

-

-

Japan

31,455

276

12

12

31,424

(2)

(1)

North Asia

26,472

855

149

148

26,466

(103)

(11)

(31)

South‑East Asia (ASEAN)

18,706

488

131

130

18,697

(165)

(32)

(121)

Indian peninsula & Pacific

18,514

675

31

30

18,394

(20)

(4)

(8)

Rest of the World

90,807

5,301

3,471

3,375

90,617

(2,954)

(218)

(2,571)

-

-

Türkiye

14,086

1,201

140

140

14,066

(213)

(83)

(81)

Mediterranean

9,387

1,450

798

791

9,387

(723)

(54)

(630)

Gulf States & Africa

10,606

267

1,726

1,726

10,606

(1,509)

(43)

(1,439)

Latin America

17,683

592

318

316

17,513

(264)

(16)

(214)

Other countries

39,045

1,791

489

402

39,045

(245)

(22)

(207)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

-

(70)

-

(43)
(8)

(3)

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

5

g

31 December 2023
Gross carrying amount/Nominal amount

Of which Of which non‑performing
Instruments with
significant
increase in credit
risk since initial
Of which loans
recognition but not
and advances
credit‑impaired
Of which
subject to
(stage 2)
defaulted
impairment

In millions of euros
080

140

Of which
Instruments
with significant
increase in
credit risk
since initial
recognition but
not
credit
‑impaired
(Stage 2)

Of which
defaulted

Provisions on Accumulated
off‑balance negative due to
sheet credit risk on
commitments
non
and financial
‑performing
exposures
guarantees
given changes in fair
value

Off‑balance sheet exposures

561,777

26,559

1,661

1,658

561,777

(883)

(301)

(313)

(883)

-

Europe(1)

350,726

14,572

1,230

1,228

350,726

(560)

(172)

(178)

(560)

-

France

102,178

3,597

286

286

102,178

(159)

(52)

(37)

(159)

Belgium

41,563

2,157

190

190

41,563

(106)

(16)

(64)

(106)

Luxembourg

16,864

492

51

51

16,864

(19)

(7)

(3)

(19)

Italy

40,105

1,604

367

367

40,105

(90)

(25)

(40)

(90)

United Kingdom

39,555

2,538

114

114

39,555

(55)

(32)

(2)

(55)

Germany

32,110

1,726

57

57

32,110

(52)

(14)

(21)

(52)

Netherlands

17,431

406

47

47

17,431

(12)

(2)

(3)

(12)

Other European countries

60,920

2,052

119

116

60,920

(66)

(24)

(8)

(66)

North America

111,492

7,479

177

177

111,492

(135)

(74)

(38)

(135)

Asia Pacific

33,458

863

30

30

33,458

(14)

(3)

-

(14)

Japan

2,669

2,669

(1)

North Asia

18,854

151

27

27

18,854

(7)

(1)

(7)

South‑East Asia (ASEAN)

4,896

429

3

3

4,896

(3)

(1)

(3)

Indian peninsula & Pacific

7,038

283

7,038

(4)

(1)

(4)

Rest of the World

66,101

3,645

223

223

66,101

(174)

(53)

(97)

(174)

Türkiye

4,633

388

8

8

4,633

(31)

(21)

(4)

(31)

Mediterranean

2,240

521

86

86

2,240

(58)

(14)

(39)

(58)

Gulf States & Africa

44,285

316

49

49

44,285

(65)

(5)

(54)

(65)

Latin America

5,910

812

33

33

5,910

(11)

(9)

Other countries
150

Accumulated impairment

TOTAL

-

5

(1)

9,033

1,608

48

48

9,033

(9)

(4)

1,959,330

100,930

28,787

28,319

1,955,179

(18,700)

(2,705)

-

(11)
(9)
(13,717)

(883)

(70)

(1) Within the European Union, the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) and the United Kingdom.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

467

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

In accordance with Implementing Regulation (EU) No. 2021/637, the
table below (EU CQ5) shows the breakdown of loans and receivables
with the scope of non‑financial corporations. It does not take into
account all exposures to central governments and central banks,
credit institutions, financial companies and households. These
on‑balance sheet and off‑balance sheet exposures contribute to all
Group risks, mainly credit risk. The breakdown by sector – as defined
by European Regulation No. 1893/2006 establishing the statistical
classification of economic activities NACE rev. 2 – is based on the
borrower’s declaration.

These same balance sheet exposures of continuing activities, broken
down by sector, are included in Table 107: Credit quality of
exposures
by
sector
and
residual
maturities
of
section 5.11 Environmental, social and governance risks of this
chapter. In the latter, exposures include, however, debt securities and
equity instruments not held for trading.

➤ TABLE 51: BREAKDOWN OF LOANS AND ADVANCES AND PROVISIONS TO NON‑FINANCIAL CORPORATIONS
BY INDUSTRY (EU CQ5) [Audited]

a

b

c

d

e

f

31 December 2024
Accumulated impairment

Gross carrying amount/Nominal amount
Of which
Instruments with Of which non‑performing
significant
increase in credit
risk since initial
recognition but
not
credit‑impaired
Of which
(stage 2)
defaulted

In millions of euros
On balance sheet exposures

468

Of which
Instruments with
significant
increase in credit
risk since initial
recognition but
not
credit‑impaired
(Stage2)

Of which loans
and advances
subject to
impairment

Accumulated
negative changes
in fair value due to
credit risk on
Of which non‑performing
defaulted
exposures

437,229

47,227

14,912

14,518

433,809

(8,613)

(775)

(7,203)

11,331

810

396

395

11,226

(224)

(35)

(139)

010

Agriculture, forestry and fishing

020

Mining and quarrying

5,073

277

70

70

4,787

(67)

(4)

(60)

030

Manufacturing

93,308

11,654

3,326

3,286

93,170

(2,189)

(120)

(1,959)

040

Electricity, gas, steam and air
conditioning supply

19,562

1,689

259

258

18,582

(133)

(34)

(85)

050

Water supply

3,397

368

138

136

3,397

(118)

(4)

(109)

060

Construction

25,065

2,815

1,889

1,882

24,937

(985)

(48)

(888)

070

Wholesale and retail trade

76,759

8,354

2,798

2,743

75,999

(1,768)

(116)

(1,535)

080

Transport and storage

26,790

2,912

614

577

26,734

(377)

(36)

(310)

090

Accommodation and food service
activities

7,630

1,250

571

551

7,626

(276)

(16)

(247)

100

Information and communication

18,396

2,090

634

631

18,269

(206)

(45)

(144)

110

Financial and insurance
activities

24,350

1,517

450

448

24,292

(293)

(38)

(223)

120

Real estate activities

60,216

6,995

1,890

1,889

60,216

(929)

(126)

(708)

130

Professional, scientific and
technical activities

24,330

1,551

708

691

23,561

(428)

(34)

(348)

140

Administrative and support
service activities

25,461

2,158

383

379

25,453

(293)

(68)

(194)

150

Public administration and
defence, compulsory social
security

205

64

12

11

205

(6)

(1)

(5)

160

Education

966

145

35

35

966

(20)

(1)

(17)

170

Human health services and
social work activities

5,409

639

128

127

5,409

(80)

(13)

(54)

180

Arts, entertainment and
recreation

2,099

641

136

136

2,099

(70)

(7)

(60)

190

Other services

6,883

1,297

474

274

6,882

(151)

(26)

(117)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

(11)

(11)

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

5

f

31 December 2024
Accumulated impairment

Gross carrying amount/Nominal amount
Of which
Instruments with Of which non‑performing
significant
increase in credit
risk since initial
recognition but
not
credit‑impaired
Of which
(stage 2)
defaulted

In millions of euros
200 Off‑balance sheet exposures
Agriculture, forestry and fishing

372,589

20,139

2,281

2,281

Of which
Instruments with
significant
increase in credit
risk since initial
recognition but
not
credit‑impaired
(Stage2)

Of which loans
and advances
subject to
impairment
372,589

(595)

(166)

Accumulated
negative changes
in fair value due to
credit risk on
Of which non‑performing
defaulted
exposures
(309)

988

48

3

3

988

(2)

(1)

Mining and quarrying

10,038

116

6

6

10,038

(2)

(1)

Manufacturing

117,538

5,630

420

420

117,538

(164)

(53)

(77)

Electricity, gas, steam and air
conditioning supply

34,247

1,525

60

60

34,247

(21)

(13)

(1)

Water supply

3,418

108

81

81

3,418

(1)

Construction

28,290

2,526

555

555

28,290

(125)

(19)

(91)

Wholesale and retail trade

35,525

1,928

603

603

35,525

(123)

(16)

(87)

Transport and storage

20,471

1,876

26

26

20,471

(12)

(3)

(5)

Accommodation and food service
activities

2,839

276

9

9

2,839

(6)

(3)

(2)

Information and communication

26,357

1,222

247

247

26,357

(21)

(12)

(4)

Financial and insurance
activities

18,958

759

40

40

18,958

(23)

(6)

(9)

Real estate activities

16,492

660

143

143

16,492

(40)

(13)

(19)

Professional, scientific and
technical activities

32,359

1,384

43

43

32,359

(20)

(12)

(1)

Administrative and support
service activities

16,220

1,206

22

22

16,220

(20)

(10)

(5)

Public administration and
defense, compulsory social
security

125

1

1

125

Education

188

29

1

1

188

(1)

Human health services and
social work activities

1,474

67

1

1

1,474

(1)

(1)

Arts, entertainment and
recreation

1,638

288

5

5

1,638

(2)

(2)

Other services

5,423

491

14

14

5,423

(10)

(2)

(6)

809,818

67,366

17,193

16,799

806,398

(9,208)

(941)

(7,512)

TOTAL

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

-

5

(11)

469

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

31 December 2023
Gross carrying amount\Nominal amount

In millions of euros
On balance sheet exposures

470

Accumulated impairment

Of which
Instruments with Of which non‑performing
significant
increase in credit
risk since initial
recognition but
not
credit‑impaired
Of which
(stage2)
Defaulted

Of which
Instruments with
significant
increase in credit
risk since initial
recognition but
not
credit‑impaired
(Stage2)

Of which loans
and advances
subject to
impairment

Accumulated
negative changes
in fair value due to
credit risk on
Of which non‑performing
Defaulted
exposures

444,913

51,031

14,155

13,810

443,073

(8,753)

(1,084)

(6,942)

12,989

969

460

457

12,841

(341)

(40)

(261)

010

Agriculture, forestry and fishing

020

Mining and quarrying

7,622

544

192

192

7,622

(124)

(5)

(108)

030

Manufacturing

91,434

9,444

2,603

2,439

90,492

(2,035)

(235)

(1,663)

040

Electricity, gas, steam and air
conditioning supply

18,367

1,537

312

310

18,366

(138)

(17)

(102)

050

Water supply

2,507

276

108

106

2,507

(72)

(4)

(62)

060

Construction

25,544

2,919

2,110

2,099

25,523

(1,494)

(49)

(1,389)

070

Wholesale and retail trade

69,557

10,492

2,120

2,084

69,546

(1,323)

(172)

(1,033)

080

Transport and storage

28,600

3,837

593

591

28,529

(423)

(51)

(335)

090

Accommodation and food service
activities

7,545

1,761

653

652

7,517

(347)

(69)

(262)

100

Information and communication

16,133

2,147

620

606

15,758

(178)

(46)

(111)

110

Financial and insurance
activities

21,192

1,650

788

711

20,964

(502)

(58)

(408)

120

Real estate activities

61,270

7,111

1,494

1,494

61,256

(730)

(181)

(438)

130

Professional, scientific and
technical activities

19,413

2,087

604

592

19,413

(333)

(41)

(257)

140

Administrative and support
service activities

45,092

2,462

624

618

45,091

(334)

(49)

(252)

150

Public administration and
defence, compulsory social
security

724

55

59

59

724

(41)

(4)

(35)

160

Education

1,072

165

34

34

1,072

(29)

(5)

(16)

170

Human health services and
social work activities

6,348

965

485

480

6,348

(139)

(27)

(96)

180

Arts, entertainment and
recreation

1,974

511

141

141

1,974

(83)

(19)

(51)

190

Other services

7,531

2,098

155

146

7,530

(86)

(12)

(63)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

(33)

(6)

(27)

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

5

f

31 December 2023
Gross carrying amount\Nominal amount

In millions of euros
200 Off‑balance sheet exposures
Agriculture, forestry and fishing
Mining and quarrying

Accumulated impairment

Of which
Instruments with Of which non‑performing
significant
increase in credit
risk since initial
recognition but
not
credit‑impaired
Of which
(stage2)
Defaulted

Of which
Instruments with
significant
increase in credit
risk since initial
recognition but
not
credit‑impaired
(Stage2)

Of which loans
and advances
subject to
impairment

358,419

21,465

1,389

1,386

358,419

(717)

(239)

1,511

91

3

3

1,511

(3)

(2)

Accumulated
negative changes
in fair value due to
credit risk on
Of which non‑performing
Defaulted
exposures
(296)

8,305

292

35

35

8,305

(6)

(1)

Manufacturing

112,756

4,542

352

352

112,756

(190)

(63)

(69)

Electricity, gas, steam and air
conditioning supply

31,873

750

60

60

31,873

(26)

(6)

(10)

Water supply

3,317

90

19

19

3,317

(3)

Construction

32,639

2,205

356

356

32,639

(113)

(29)

(64)

Wholesale and retail trade

37,411

2,657

170

170

37,411

(91)

(24)

(45)

Transport and storage

20,851

3,981

33

33

20,851

(40)

(31)

(3)

(2)

Accommodation and food service
activities

2,595

247

30

30

2,595

(10)

(6)

(2)

Information and communication

23,863

2,254

76

76

23,863

(50)

(21)

(21)

Financial and insurance
activities

20,121

904

37

37

20,121

(69)

(13)

(48)

Real estate activities

15,335

732

55

55

15,335

(26)

(9)

(7)

Professional, scientific and
technical activities

22,323

877

29

26

22,323

(19)

(7)

(2)

Administrative and support
service activities

19,863

911

91

91

19,863

(27)

(12)

(5)

Public administration and
defence, compulsory social
security

364

110

Education

279

30

1

1

279

(1)

Human health services and
social work activities

1,393

82

32

32

1,393

(3)

(1)

Arts, entertainment and
recreation

1,030

259

5

5

1,030

(10)

(6)

Other services

2,589

452

5

5

2,589

(29)

(7)

(18)

803,332

72,496

15,544

15,196

801,492

(9,470)

(1,323)

(7,238)

TOTAL

-

5

364

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

(33)

471

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

on‑balance sheet and off‑balance sheet credit exposures,
compared to EUR 19.6 billion or 1.1% at 31 December 2023.
Most
of
this
exposure
is
borne
by
Corporate
& Institutional Banking (more than 90%, stable compraed to
2023), with good geographical diversification of the client base.
Doubtful loans accounted for 0.8% of the Group’s exposure to
the shipping finance segment (compared to 2.4% of doubtful
loans at 31 December 2023) and stage 3 provisions were
EUR 117 million (compared to EUR 175 million in provisions at
31 December 2023).

Industry risks are monitored in terms of gross exposure (1) and
risk‑weighted assets. Certain sectors, defined in line with the
principles of the Group’s Risk Appetite Statement, are subject to
enhanced monitoring and specific reviews. Their monitoring is
carried out on a wider scope, taking into account all the exposures of
the Business Groups and entities relating to these sectors as defined
by the monitoring and the internal risk management nomenclature.
■ The leveraged finance sector:

as at 31 December 2024, the Group’s exposure to Leverage
Buy‑Out transactions with financial sponsors (“LBO”) amounted
to EUR 13 billion, or 0.7% of the Group’s gross on‑balance sheet
and off‑balance sheet commitments, compared with
EUR 12.7 billion, or 0.7% as at 31 December 2023. This stability
is observed in a more dynamic market in 2024 than in 2023, but
dominated by refinancing operations rather than the recovery
of the M&A market. These exposures are very granular with an
average amount of EUR 13 million per loan (EUR 25 million
taking into account all exposures related to the business
groups).

■ The aviation sector:

business activity in this sector is split between airlines and
aircraft leasing companies whose share is increasing. The gross
exposure is EUR 15.8 billion at 31 December 2024, i.e. 0.9% of
the Group’s total gross on- and off‑balance sheet commitments,
versus EUR 14.5 billion, i.e. 0.8% of the Group’s total gross
commitments at 31 December 2023. Origination continues to be
concentrated on leading airlines and lessors as well as the
latest technology narrow bodies aircrafts with lower
environmental impact and greater economic efficiency. The
direct and indirect consequences of the current geopolitical
context have not a visible impact on the cost of risk of this
impproving portfolio even if some airlines are affected by the
danger of certain air routes. Thus, the amount of doubtful loans
remains low and strongly decreased at 31 December 2024
representing 0.7% of the sector’s outstandings (versus 2.0% in
2023). Stage 3 provisions are very limited and represented
EUR 8 million
at
31 December
2024,
compared
to
EUR 58 million at 31 December 2023.

This portfolio has proven resilient in the current economic
environment, despite an increase at the end of the year in
defaulted assets. Doubtful outstanding represented 9.1% of the
leveraged finance sector at 31 December 2024 (compared to
0.6% at 31 December 2023), and stage 3 provisions amountedto
EUR 211 million (compared to EUR 156 million at end 2023).
■ The shipping sector:

the shipping sector covers a set of segments with very different
dynamics: bulk, oil and gas tankers, container carriers, oil
services and cruises. In 2024, these different segments were
affected in very heterogeneous ways by the evolution of the
macro‑economic environment, but without an impact being
major for any of the sub sectors. The cruise segment benefitted
from a progressive recovery of demand but remains affected by
the increase by the increase in construction costs, banking debt
and export finance repayments that were delayed during the
pandemic. The slowdown in maritime container transport
continued in 2024 with a normalisation of freight rates in a
context of overcapacity, this segment is still doing very well.
The dry bulk and tanker segments remain subject to high
market volatility linked to the consequences of the invasion of
Ukraine and the Middle East conflict. Lastly, the tanker segment
benefited from the volatility of oil flows due to geopolitical
sanctions in a context of strong demand. LNG and Floating
Storage and Regasification Units (FRSUs) benefited from the
collapse of Russian natural gas exports to Europe via pipeline
and the lasting change in the geopolitical context. The shipping
industry has to face new environmental constraints
(International Maritime Organisation (IMO) standards) involving
investment efforts. A growing number of new orders concern
hybrid LNG (Liquefied Natural Gas) propulsion or other
technologies with a reduced impact on the environment. At
31 December 2024, gross exposure of the shipping finance
sector was EUR 20.0 billion, i.e. 1.1% of the Group’s gross

■ The commercial real estate sector:

the commercial real estate sector covers a set of segments with
very different dynamics: logistics, office real estate, residential,
hotels, shopping centres; all segments are affected by rising
rates that are driving down valuations. The Group expects
values to stabilise from 2024 onwards, but they will only
gradually return to their 2022 level with different dynamic
depending on sector, location and vacancy rates. More
specifically, the office sector is undergoing a change in use
following the widespread adoption of work‑from‑home and
some assets may experience a high vacancy rate. At
31 December 2024, the gross exposure to the commercial real
estate sector was EUR 67.3 billion, (EUR 71.7 billion at
31 December 2023), i.e. 3.7% of the Group’s total gross on- and
off‑balance sheet commitments (3.9% of total commitments in
2023). This exposure is mainly located in Europe and highly
diversified between the various market segments, countries and
entities of the Group. Defaulted assets represented 3.6% of the
sector’s total gross exposure (compared to 2.4% in 2023). On
commercial real estate, stage 3 provisions amounted to
EUR 730 million as at 31 December 2024 (EUR 583 million as at
31 December 2023). The provisions for stages 1 and 2
amounted to EUR 201 million at 31 December 2024, i.e. an
exposure coverage rate of 0.4%.

(1) Gross credit risk exposures across all regulatory exposure classes. They amounted to EUR 1,828 billion at 31 December 2024.

472

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

■ The Power sector:

the activity of this sector includes the
transportation, and distribution of electricity.

generation,

A strong demand for electricity is expected in the coming years
due to the need for electrification of many economic sectors,
particularly as part of the decarbonisation of the economy.
To meet the future demand for electricity and the gradual
phase‑out of fossil fuels, the “Renewables” segment will
continue to expand, but certain adjustments have been made
necessary regarding the economic parameters of new
investments, in a context of inflation and increased costs
related to the development of these assets.
As at 31 December 2024, gross exposure to the electricity sector
amounted to EUR 59.5 billion (or 3.3% of the Group’s total onand off‑balance sheet gross exposure), compared with
EUR 55.2 billion as at 31 December 2023 (3.0% of gross
exposure in 2023). 79% of counterparties have good credit
quality (investment grade rating), and the amount of
outstandings on doubtful customers was low, representing 0.5%
of the sector as at 31 December 2024 (compared to 0.7% in
2023). Stage 3 provisions amounted to EUR 44 million as at
31 December 2024 (compared to EUR 87 million last year).
■ The telecommunications sector:

The activity of this sector includes telephone operators, Internet
service providers and telecommunications operators. The
telecoms sector is a mature market where penetration rates are
only increasing at the margin. Revenue growth is still driven by
the spread of 5G and especially fiber due to the sharp increase
in data demand. Major investment programs to deploy 5G are
coming to an end; The deployment of fiber is progressing
differently depending on the country, which should allow
operators' cash generation to progress. Mergers have been
authorised by the regulators, leaving some hope of streamlining
in order to restore the profitability of the players. Nevertheless,
competition remains extremely strong and, in the absence of
strong market growth, tariff offers have gone down, which
weakens indebted operators, except the former national
monopolies, which are traditionally less indebted.

5

As at 31 December 2024, gross exposure to the
telecommunications sector amounted to EUR 31.1 billion (or
1.7% of the Group's total gross on- and off‑balance sheet
commitments) compared to EUR 29.0 billion as at 31 December
2023 (1.6% of gross commitments in 2023). Approximately 2/3
of counterparties have good credit quality (investment grade
rating), and the amount of outstanding loans on doubtful clients
represents 1.9% of the sector as at 31 December 2024
(compared to 2.9% in 2023). Stage 3 provisions amounted to
EUR 20 million as at 31 December 2024 (compared to EUR 89
million last year).
The Group remains diversified, with no sector accounting for more
than 10% of corporate lending exposure and more than 4.0% of total
credit exposure as at 31 December 2023.
At 31 December 2024, doubtful loans increased resulting from an
increase in CPBS corporate and retail portfolios, especially in CPB
France, CPB Belgium and ARVAL, offset by the disposal of non
performing retail portfolios in Italy.
The main effects explaining changes in the amount of doubtful
outstandings in 2024 (EU CR2‑B) are presented in note 4.f Impaired
financial assets (stage 3) to the consolidated financial statments.
The cost of risk and the change in impairment in respect of credit
risk are presented in note 1.f.6 Cost of risk to the consolidated
financial statements.
The following table shows the carrying amounts of the financial
assets and commitments at amortised cost and fair value through
equity subject to impairment provisions for credit risk (i.e. excluding
instruments at fair value through profit and loss) broken down by
stage of impairment and by BNP Paribas internal rating in the
prudential scope. Financial assets subject to impairment are
recognised in the following accounting categories:

5

■ amounts due from central banks (excluding cash);
■ debt securities at fair value through equity or at amortised cost;
■ loans and advances at amortised cost;
■ financing

and guarantee commitments given (off‑balance

sheet).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

473

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

➤ TABLE 52: BREAKDOWN OF FINANCIAL ASSETS SUBJECT TO IMPAIRMENT BY STAGE AND INTERNAL
RATING [Audited]

31 December 2024
Gross carrying value
BNP Paribas rating or equivalent
In millions of euros

1 to 3

4 to 5

6 to 8

9 to 10

Defaulted

TOTAL

Impairments

Net carrying
value

Central Banks

174,299

1,294

3,786

597

-

179,975

(15)

179,961

Stage 1

174,299

1,293

3,780

179,371

(14)

179,357

1

6

597

604

(1)

603

74,997

(123)

74,874

74,608

(10)

74,598

283

(11)

272

106

106

(102)

4

26,479

960,034

(17,152)

942,882

Stage 2
Stage 3
Debt securities at fair value through equity

69,567

3,071

2,251

1

Stage 1

69,567

2,956

2,084

1

116

167

Stage 2
Stage 3
Loans and advances at amortised cost

295,916

247,221

369,980

20,438

Stage 1

294,095

241,379

322,731

5,221

863,426

(1,812)

861,614

Stage 2

1,821

5,842

47,250

15,217

70,129

(1,920)

68,209

26,479

26,479

(13,420)

13,059

265

147,019

(188)

146,830

144,843

(16)

144,827

1,911

(28)

1,883

265

265

(145)

120

2,439

599,377

(496)

598,881

Stage 3
Debt securities at amortised cost

127,268

12,838

5,118

Stage 1

127,268

12,508

5,068

330

50

1,529

Stage 2

1,529

Stage 3
Financing and guarantee commitments

337,114

131,476

124,485

3,863

Stage 1

335,261

128,219

109,042

623

573,146

(163)

572,983

Stage 2

1,853

3,257

15,443

3,240

23,792

(173)

23,619

2,439

(160)

2,279

Stage 3
TOTAL

2,439
1,004,164

395,900

Financial assets subject to impairement are up by EUR 6 billion
compared to 31 December 2023. The increase observed in loans and
receivables, debt securities and financing and guarantee
commitments is compensated by a decrease in central banks
deposits.
This annual variation relates mainly to financial assets and
commitments rated 1 to 3 (+EUR 71 billion), while financial assets
and commitments rated 4 to 5 decreased by EUR 63 billion, as a
result of internal credit risk models review leading to an overall
improvement in the ratings of counterparties concerned.

474

106

505,620

26,429

29,290 1,961,403

(17,974) 1,943,429

Loans and receivables at amortised cost classified in stage 1
increased by EUR 29 billion, while outstandings classified in stage 2
decreased by EUR 4 billion.
Debt securities at amortised cost classified in stage 2 amounted to
EUR 1.9 billion compared to EUR 94 million in 31 December 2023,
following the change in consolidation method for UkrSibbank entity
(See section 8.d in financial statements Business combinations and
loss of control or significant influence).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

31 December 2023
Gross carrying value
BNP Paribas rating or equivalent
In millions of euros

1 to 3

4 to 5

6 to 8

9 to 10

Defaulted

TOTAL

Impairments

Net carrying
value

Central Banks

280,710

1,085

3,489

312

-

285,596

(20)

285,576

Stage 1

280,710

1,085

3,484

285,279

(20)

285,259

Stage 2

5

312

-

317

317

Stage 3
Debt securities at fair value through equity

49,857

1,996

1,126

Stage 1

49,857

1,833

Stage 2

53,088

(121)

52,967

1,048

52,738

(7)

52,731

163

78

241

(12)

229

Stage 3

109

109

109

(102)

7

25,887

933,632

(17,572)

916,060

5,766

834,027

(1,970)

832,057

14,471

73,718

(2,387)

71,331

25,887

25,887

(13,215)

12,672

180

121,086

(104)

120,982

Loans and advances at amortised cost

222,805

283,937

380,766

20,237

Stage 1

220,797

276,147

331,317

Stage 2

2,008

7,790

49,449

Stage 3
Debt securities at amortised cost

105,170

12,653

3,016

67

Stage 1

105,170

12,632

2,960

50

120,812

(12)

120,800

21

56

17

94

(5)

89

180

180

(87)

93

1,658

561,776

(883)

560,893

Stage 2
Stage 3
Financing and guarantee commitments

274,772

159,280

118,897

7,169

Stage 1

272,732

155,360

104,403

1,064

533,559

(269)

533,290

Stage 2

2,040

3,920

14,494

6,105

26,559

(301)

26,258

1,658

(313)

1,345

Stage 3
TOTAL

1,658
933,314

458,951

507,294

27,785

27,834 1,955,178

5

(18,700) 1,936,478

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

475

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

RESTRUCTURED LOANS [Audited]
When a borrower is bordering on or is in financial difficulties, he may
receive a concession from the Bank that would otherwise not have
been granted if the borrower had not met with financial difficulties.
The concession may be:
■ a change to the contract terms and conditions;
■ partial or total refinancing of the debt.

The loan is then said to be “restructured”. It must retain the status
of “restructured” during a period of observation, known as a
probation period, for at least two years. The concept of restructuring
is described in the accounting principles (note 1.f.5 Impairment of
financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt instruments
measured at fair value through shareholders’ equity to the
consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2024) and is
aligned with article 47 of Regulation 575/2013.

According to the principles for identifying the restructured exposure
amounts for the Group as a whole, for the non‑retail business,
exposures are identified individually during the loan process, notably
during committees. As for restructured exposures for retail
customers, they are usually identified via a systematic process
requiring the use of algorithms whose parameters are validated by
the RISK and Finance & Strategy Functions.
Information on restructured loans is reported to the supervisory
authority on a quarterly basis.
The following table shows the gross value and impairment amounts
of performing and non‑performing loans that have been
restructured.

➤ TABLE 53: CREDIT QUALITY OF RESTRUCTURED LOANS (EU CQ1) [Audited]
a

b

c

e

f

g

h

31 December 2024
Accumulated impairment,
accumulated negative changes in
fair value due to credit risk and
provisions

Gross carrying amount

Collaterals received and financial
guarantees received
Of which Collateral and
financial guarantees
received on
non‑performing
exposures

Non‑performing exposures

In millions of euros

476

Performing
exposures

Of which
defaulted

On
On performing non‑performing
exposures
exposures

010

Loans and advances

8,328

7,985

7,984

(289)

(3,260)

8,500

2,850

030

General governments

14

3

3

(2)

040

Credit institutions

5

5

(5)

050

Other financial corporations

111

386

386

(2)

(258)

162

114

060

Non‑financial corporations

6,281

4,255

4,253

(145)

(1,725)

6,766

2,006

070

Households

1,923

3,336

3,336

(141)

(1,270)

1,572

730

080

Debt securities

-

22

22

-

(22)

-

-

090

Loan commitments given

2,209

433

431

(11)

(34)

1,323

245

100

TOTAL

10,537

8,440

8,437

(300)

(3,316)

9,823

3,095

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

e

f

g

5

h

31 December 2023
Accumulated impairment,
accumulated negative changes in
fair value due to credit risk and
provisions

Gross carrying amount

Collaterals received and financial
guarantees received
Of which Collateral and
financial guarantees
received on
non‑performing
exposures

Non‑performing exposures

In millions of euros

Performing
exposures

Of which
defaulted

On
On performing non‑performing
exposures
exposures

010

Loans and advances

6,713

7,738

7,714

(312)

(3,179)

6,977

2,695

030

General governments

15

5

5

(4)

040

Credit institutions

5

5

(5)

050

Other financial corporations

377

421

421

(11)

(244)

252

169

060

Non‑financial corporations

4,547

3,915

3,898

(140)

(1,639)

4,981

1,660

070

Households

1,775

3,392

080

Debt securities

-

25

3,385

(162)

(1,287)

1,744

866

25

-

(13)

-

-

Assets held for sale
090

Loan commitments given

2,290

309

307

(18)

(40)

1,465

64

100

TOTAL

9,002

8,073

8,046

(331)

(3,232)

8,442

2,758

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

477

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

CREDIT RISK MITIGATION TECHNIQUES
Credit risk mitigation techniques are divided into two main
categories:

the event of default. Thus, public guarantee mechanisms are
considered as personal guarantees. By extension, credit
insurance and credit derivatives (purchased protection) fall into
this category.

■ funded credit protection (collateral) pledged to the Bank is used

to secure timely performance of a borrower’s financial
obligations;
■ unfunded

credit protection (personal guarantee) is the
commitment by a third party to replace the primary obligor in

The amount of personal guarantees and collateral recognised on
loans and receivables and debt securities in the prudential reporting
scope amounted to EUR 537 billion at 31 December 2024.

➤ TABLE 54: CREDIT RISK MITIGATION TECHNIQUES (EU CR3) [Audited]
a

b

c

d

e

31 December 2024
Secured net carrying amount
Secured by personal guarantees
In millions of euros

Gross carrying
amount

Unsecured net
carrying amount

Secured by
physical collateral

Secured by credit
derivatives

1

Loans and advances

1,143,839

593,984

532,676

320,793

211,883

2

Debt securities

223,430

219,153

3,925

2,035

1,890

3

TOTAL

1,367,269

813,137

536,601

322,828

213,773

4

of which non‑performing
exposures

27,421

5,048

8,646

5,435

3,211

EU‑5

of which defaulted

26,923

4,785

8,506

5,420

3,086

a

b

c

-

d

e

31 December 2023
Secured net carrying amount
Secured by personal guarantees
In millions of euros

Gross carrying
amount

Unsecured net
carrying amount

1

Loans and advances

1,221,527

656,149

547,754

315,544

232,210

2

Debt securities

176,026

171,747

4,017

1,795

2,222

3

TOTAL

1,397,553

827,895

551,771

317,339

234,432

Secured by credit
derivatives

4

of which non‑performing
exposures

27,126

5,089

8,551

5,847

2,704

EU‑5

of which defaulted

26,661

4,981

8,343

5,826

2,517

Credit Risk Mitigants (CRM) are taken into account in accordance
with the regulation. In particular, their effect is assessed under
conditions characteristic of an economic downturn.
For the scope under the IRB approach, personal guarantees and
collateral are taken into account, provided they are eligible, by
decreasing the Loss Given Default (LGD) parameter corresponding to
an increase in the Global Recovery Rate (GRR) that applies to the
transactions of the banking book. The value taken into consideration

478

Secured by
physical collateral

-

takes account, where relevant, of currency and maturity mismatches
and, for funded credit protection, of a haircut applied to the market
value of the pledged asset based on a default scenario during an
economic downturn. The amount of unfunded credit protection to
which a haircut is applied depends on the enforceable nature of the
commitment and the risk of simultaneous default by the borrower
and guarantor.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

For the scope under the standardised approach, unfunded credit
protection is taken into account provided it is eligible, by applying
the more favourable risk weight of the guarantor to a portion of the
secured exposure adjusted for currency and maturity mismatches.
Funded credit protection is taken into account as a decrease in the
exposure, after adjustment for any currency and maturity
mismatches and a discount to take account of volatility in market
value for financial security collateral.

5

The assessment of the credit risk mitigating effect follows a
methodology that is approved for each activity and is used
throughout the Group. These techniques are monitored in
accordance with the monitoring and portfolio management
procedures described in the Credit risk management policy section.

➤ TABLE 55: CREDIT RISK MITIGATION IN IRBA AND STANDARD APPROACH

Collateral

Guarantees
and credit
derivatives

Total risk
mitigation

442,521 1,431,267

233,297

197,157

430,454

42,837

69,760

340,936

42,736

25,381

68,117

270,444

512,281 1,772,203

276,033

222,538

498,570

Collateral

Total risk
mitigation

Gross
exposure

1,385,084

214,913

227,608

353,520

26,923

1,738,603

241,837

In millions of euros

IRB approach

TOTAL

31 December 2023
Risk mitigation amount

Guarantees
and credit
derivatives

Gross
exposure

Standardised approach

31 December 2024
Risk mitigation amount

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

479

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

➤ TABLE 56: SECURED EXPOSURES IN IRB APPROACH (EU CR7‑A)
a

b

c

d

Part covered by other eligible
physical collaterals (%)

In millions of euros

Total gross
exposures(1)

Total of the
risk‑exposed
value

of which
immovable
property
Collaterals

Part covered by
Financial
Collateral

1

Central governments and central banks

364,667

364,093

0,00%

0.01%

0.01%

2

Institutions

57,643

45,122

2.97%

0.74%

0.72%

3

Corporates

681,194

480,935

2.13%

17.49%

9.64%

3.1

of which SMEs

40,129

34,145

2.86%

38.38%

34.67%

3.2

of which specialised lending

81,299

71,680

0.20%

53.88%

17.98%

3.3
4

of which other
Retail

559,766

375,110

2.43%

8.63%

5.77%

281,579

278,077

0.34%

44.91%

44.73%

4.1

of which immovable property SMEs

11,391

10,959

0.11%

91.38%

91.36%

4.2

of which immovable property non‑SMEs

185,506

185,517

0.02%

57.87%

57.87%

4.3

of which qualifying revolving

11,813

9,881

0,00%

0.00%

0.00%

4.4

of which other SMEs

30,851

29,746

1.11%

19.91%

18.22%

4.5
5

of which other non‑SMEs
TOTAL

42,018

41,975

1.36%

3.79%

3.79%

1,385,084

1,168,227

1.07%

17.92%

14.64%

(1) Excluding derivatives and securities financing transactions subject to counterparty risk exposures.
(2) In accordance with the Group’s IRBA methodology, the impact of risk mitigation techniques is treated only by reducing LGD (no substitution approach).

480

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

5

m

31 December 2024
Credit Risk Mitigation techniques
Funded credit Protection (physical collateral)

Unfunded credit protection

Part covered by other physical funded credit protection (%)

of which other
of which receivables physical collateral

of which cash on
of which life
deposit insurance policies

of which
Instruments held
by a third party

Total RWA
Part covered by
Part covered by (reduction effects
guarantees credit derivatives
only)(2)

0.00%

0.01%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

1.13%

0.00%

3,877

0.00%

0.02%

3.64%

3.64%

0.00%

0.00%

18.86%

0.00%

11,043

1.20%

6.65%

0.43%

0.35%

0.08%

0.00%

23.89%

0.01%

237,974

2.99%

0.72%

1.50%

0.84%

0.67%

0.00%

15.78%

0.00%

19,799

0.26%

35.64%

0.26%

0.26%

0.00%

0.00%

24.72%

0.00%

29,818

1.22%

1.65%

0.37%

0.33%

0.04%

0.00%

24.47%

0.01%

188,357

0.15%

0.03%

0.71%

0.07%

0.65%

0.00%

31.42%

0.00%

57,947

0.01%

0.01%

0.07%

0.03%

0.04%

0.00%

2.07%

0.00%

2,798
27,360

0.00%

0.00%

0.04%

0.00%

0.04%

0.00%

41.16%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

2,800

1.38%

0.31%

2.02%

0.33%

1.70%

0.00%

28.98%

0.00%

9,336

0.00%

0.00%

3.10%

0.18%

2.92%

0.00%

5.17%

0.00%

15,654

0.53%

2.75%

0.49%

0.30%

0.19%

0.00%

18.39%

0.00%

310,841

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

481

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

a

b

c

d

Part covered by other eligible
physical collaterals (%)

In millions of euros

Total of the
risk‑exposed
value

Total gross
exposures(1)

of which
immovable
property
Collaterals

Part covered by
Financial
Collateral

1

Central governments and central banks

432,341

431,674

0,00%

0.01%

0.01%

2

Institutions

45,783

37,244

2.14%

1.19%

1.14%

3

Corporates

671,642

482,551

2.29%

18.95%

9.28%

3.1

of which SMEs

49,095

39,427

1.61%

33.66%

26.45%

3.2

of which specialised lending

80,020

69,038

0.14%

54.34%

18.30%

3.3

of which other

4

Retail

542,527

374,086

2.76%

10.87%

5.81%

281,501

278,276

0.41%

44.47%

44.29%

4.1

of which immovable property SMEs

11,106

10,675

0.09%

91.32%

91.30%

4.2

of which immovable property non‑SMEs

185,070

185,085

0.02%

57.65%

57.64%

4.3

of which qualifying revolving

11,901

10,051

0,00%

0.00%

0.00%

4.4

of which other SMEs

31,932

30,819

1.38%

18.36%

16.74%

4.5

of which other non‑SMEs

5

TOTAL

41,492

41,644

1.58%

3.95%

3.95%

1,431,267

1,229,744

1.06%

17.54%

13.70%

(1) Excluding derivatives and securities financing transactions subject to counterparty risk exposures.
(2) In accordance with the Group’s IRBA methodology, the impact of risk mitigation techniques is treated only by reducing LGD (no substitution approach).

482

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

5

m

31 December 2023
Credit Risk Mitigation techniques
Funded credit Protection (physical collateral)

Unfunded credit protection
Part covered by other physical funded credit protection (%)

of which other
of which receivables physical collateral

of which cash on
of which life
deposit insurance policies

of which
Instruments held
by a third party

Total RWA
Part covered by
Part covered by (reduction effects
guarantees credit derivatives
only)(2)

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.83%

0.00%

4,360

0.03%

0.02%

0.03%

0.03%

0.00%

0.00%

15.49%

0.00%

7,963

1.66%

8.01%

0.53%

0.46%

0.07%

0.00%

20.67%

0.01%

218,425

6.42%

0.80%

1.03%

0.78%

0.24%

0.00%

17.03%

0.00%

21,967

1.95%

34.09%

0.60%

0.60%

0.00%

0.00%

18.37%

0.00%

22,918

1.10%

3.96%

0.46%

0.40%

0.06%

0.00%

21.47%

0.01%

173,540

0.15%

0.04%

0.75%

0.05%

0.69%

0.00%

31.64%

0.00%

55,989

0.02%

0.01%

0.06%

0.02%

0.04%

0.00%

2.10%

0.00%

2,880

0.00%

0.00%

0.05%

0.00%

0.04%

0.00%

41.28%

0.00%

23,174

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

3,366

1.31%

0.31%

1.93%

0.31%

1.62%

0.00%

29.77%

0.00%

9,469

0.00%

0.00%

3.32%

0.11%

3.21%

0.00%

5.39%

0.00%

17,100

0.69%

3.15%

0.38%

0.19%

0.18%

0.00%

16.03%

0.00%

286,737

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

483

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

The main providers of unfunded credit protection (personal
guarantees) are the guarantee institutions in the Commercial &
Personal Banking of the CPBS mortgage business (mainly housing
loans in France) and, since 2020, States or public organisms that
have set up public guarantee mechanisms to counter the public
health crisis.
As at 31 December 2024, 78% of exposure to property loans was
concentrated in the Group’s two main Domestic Markets (France,
Belgium). In view of the specific features of these markets
(amortising long‑term financing, primarily at fixed rates), the LTV
(Loan‑to‑value) ratio is not a main monitoring indicator at Group
level.

FUNDED CREDIT PROTECTION
Funded credit protection is divided into two categories:
■ financial collateral:

this consists of cash amounts (including gold), shares in
collective investment funds, equities (listed or unlisted) and
bonds;
■ other diverse forms of collateral:

these include real estate mortgages or ship mortgages, pledges
of equipment or inventories, transfers of commercial
receivables or any other rights to an asset of the counterparty.
To be considered as eligible, funded credit protection must fulfil the
following conditions:
■ the value of the collateral must not be highly correlated with

the risk on the obligor (in particular, shares of the obligor are
not eligible);
■ the pledge must be documented;
■ the pledged asset must be traded on a liquid secondary market

to enable rapid resale;
■ the Bank must have a regularly updated value of the pledged

asset;
■ the Bank must have a reasonable level of comfort in the

potential appropriation and realisation of the asset concerned.

UNFUNDED CREDIT PROTECTION
Guarantors are subject to the same rigorous credit risk assessment
process as primary obligors and are assigned risk parameters
according to similar methods and procedures.
Guarantees are granted by the obligor’s parent company or by other
entities such as financial institutions. Other examples of guarantees
are credit derivatives, guarantees from public insurers for export
financing or private insurers.
Consideration of a guarantee consists of determining the average
amount the Bank can expect to recover if the borrower defaults and
the guarantee is called in. It depends on the amount of the
guarantee, the risk of simultaneous default by the borrower and the
guarantor (which is a function of the probability of default of the
borrower, of the guarantor, and the degree of correlation between
borrower and guarantor default, which is high if they belong to the
same business group or the same sector and low if not) and the
enforceable nature of the guarantee.

OPTIMISING CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT
THROUGH CDS (EU CR7)
As part of its role of optimising credit risk management for CIB,
Portfolio Management (PM) sets up hedges using credit derivatives,
and mainly credit default swaps (CDS). These CDS are used as part
of an active management policy, the main aim being to hedge
migration and concentration risks and manage major exposures. The
underlying assets are loans made to large corporates by CIB Global
Banking, and occasionally those made by the Commercial & Personal
Banking activity.
These hedges are put on by CIB to hedge exposures mainly treated
under the IRB approach. Provided they are eligible, they have the
effect of decreasing the estimated Loss Given Default for the
underlying asset, and, therefore, reducing its consumption in terms
of risk‑weighted assets. There was no reduction in risk‑weighted
assets resulting from hedging operations via CDS at 31 December
2024, compared with EUR 165 million at 31 December 2023
(EU CR7).

In the Retail Banking business, the presence or absence of a
particular type of collateral may, depending on the coverage ratio,
lead to assigning the exposure to particular LGD class on a statistical
basis.

484

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Credit risk

5

COLLATERAL SEIZED
➤ TABLE 57: COLLATERAL OBTAINED BY TAKING POSSESSION AND EXECUTION PROCESSES (EU CQ7) [Audited]
a

In millions of euros

010

Property Plant and Equipment (PP&E)

020

Other than Property Plant and Equipment

b

a

b

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Collateral obtained by taking possession accumulated

Collateral obtained by taking possession accumulated

Value at initial recognition

Accumulated negative
changes

Value at initial recognition

Accumulated negative
changes

191

(23)

227

(29)

(23)

199

(29)

030

Residential immovable property

167

040

Commercial immovable property

6

8

050

Movable property (auto, shipping, etc.)

060

Equity and debt instruments

19

20

070

Other collateral

080

TOTAL

191

(23)

227

(29)

Collateral obtained by taking possession includes assets obtained in exchange for cancellation of the receivable, whether on a voluntary basis or
on the basis of legal proceedings.

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

485

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Securitisation in the banking book

5.5 Securitisation in the banking book
The securitisation transactions discussed below concern:
Securitisation means a transaction or scheme, whereby the
credit risk associated with an exposure or pool of exposures is
tranched, having the following characteristics:

■ the programmes originated by the Group for its own account,

■ payments made in the transaction or scheme are

■ the programmes that the Group has structured on behalf of its

dependent upon the performance of the exposure or pool
of exposures;
■ the subordination of tranches determines the distribution

of losses during the life of the risk transfer.

securitising its credit exposures (“originator” role), which are
recognised as efficient under the Basel 3 regulatory framework;
clients (“sponsor” role where clients’ assets are securitised), in
which it has retained positions;
■ the programmes to which the Group has subscribed without

having a role in structuring the operation (“investor” role).

Any commitment (including derivatives and liquidity lines)
granted to a securitisation operation must be treated as a
securitisation position. Most of these commitments are held in
the prudential banking book (section 5.5). Commitments held
in the trading book are set out in section 5.7 Market risk.

Securitisation positions deducted from own funds, amounting to
-EUR 402 million at 31 December 2024, are now included
throughout this section 5.5.

BNP PARIBAS SECURITISATION ACTIVITIES
The Group’s activities in each of its roles as originator, sponsor and investor, are described below:

➤ TABLE 58: SECURITISED EXPOSURES AND SECURITISATION POSITIONS (HELD OR ACQUIRED) BY ROLE
31 December 2024
(1)

Securitised exposures originated by BNP Paribas
BNP Paribas role

Efficient securitisation
Securitised positions
(SRT)(2) held or acquired (EAD)(3)

In millions of euros

Originator

31 December 2023
Securitised exposures originated by BNP Paribas(1)

149,568

73,815

47,211

Efficient securitisation
Securitised positions
(SRT)(2) held or acquired (EAD)(3)
136,720

62,097

42,798

Sponsor

37,410

35,470

Investor

35,696

23,003

TOTAL

149,568

73,815

120,318

136,720

62,097

101,271

(1) Securitised exposures originated by the Group correspond to the underlying exposures recognised on the Group’s balance sheet and off‑balance sheet which have
been securitised.
(2) Securitisation programmes meeting the Significant Risk Transfer (SRT) criteria, see next paragraph.
(3) Securitisation positions correspond to tranches retained and off‑balance sheet commitments granted by the Group in securitisation transactions originated or
arranged by the Group, as well as tranches acquired by the Group in securitisation transactions arranged by other parties.

PROPRIETARY SECURITISATION (ORIGINATOR)
The Group acts as originator by securitising its own credit exposures
in order to obtain new sources of financing and improve the liquidity
of its balance sheet, and to reduce its risk and capital requirements.

486

Where the purpose of the transaction is solely to reduce risk, the
Group will favour so‑called “synthetic” securitisation transactions,
ensuring the risk transfer of exposures (mortgages, consumer loans,
corporate loans, etc.) through credit derivatives or guarantees. These
transactions are initiated mainly by Corporate & Institutional Banking
in collaboration with the Commercial, Personal Banking & Services
business lines.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Securitisation in the banking book

In the context of securitisation transactions carried out for financing
purposes, the Group will favour so‑called “cash” or “traditional”
securitisations, characterised by the sale of securitised exposures to
a specially created entity. These operations are initiated by ALM
Treasury in collaboration with the businesses whose exposures are
securitised in exchange for liquid assets eligible for central bank
financing or included in the global liquidity reserve (see paragraph
Wholesale funding and liquidity reserve monitoring indicators in
section 5.8 Liquidity risk).

Risk transfer of own account securitisation
transactions

5

■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2024 by BNL bc concerning a

EUR 1.4 billion portfolio of SME loans;
■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2024 by Commercial &

Personal Banking in France concerning a EUR 1.3 billion
portfolio of SME loans;
■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2024 by Commercial &

Personal Banking in Belgium concerning a EUR 1.1 billion
portfolio of corporate loans;
■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2023 by Corporate &

Institutional Banking concerning a EUR 4.9 billion portfolio of
corporate loans;

The capital requirement of securitised credit exposures and
securitisation positions depends on the risk transfer level of the
transaction.
When the exposures securitised by the Group in the context of
own‑account securitisation transactions meet the Basel eligibility
criteria, in particular that of significant risk transfer as defined in
Regulation (EU) No. 2017/2401, they are excluded from the
calculation of credit risk‑weighted assets and the securitisation
transaction is said to be efficient. In this case, only the positions
retained by the institution and any commitments granted to the
structure after securitisation are subject to risk‑weighted assets
calculation.
Exposures securitised through proprietary securitisation transactions
that do not meet Basel eligibility criteria (inefficient securitisations)
remain in their original prudential portfolio. Their capital
requirement is calculated as if they were not securitised and is
included in section 5.4 Credit risk.

Efficient securitisations
Exposures retained in securitisation positions originated
by BNP Paribas amounted to EUR 47.2 billion at 31 December 2024,
corresponding to positions in forty‑four efficient securitisation
programmes under Basel rules.

■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2023 by Corporate &

Institutional Banking concerning a EUR 1.7 billion portfolio of
corporate loans
■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2023 by Commercial &

Personal Banking in France concerning a EUR 1.5 billion
portfolio of SME loans;
■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2023 by Commercial &

Personal Banking in France concerning a EUR 1.3 billion
portfolio of SME loans;
■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2023 by Commercial &

Personal Banking in France concerning a EUR 1.1 billion
portfolio of corporate loans;
■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2022 by Corporate &

Institutional Banking concerning a EUR 3.0 billion portfolio of
large corporate loans;
Institutional Banking concerning a EUR 1.3 billion portfolio of
large corporate loans;
■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2022 by BNL bc concerning a

EUR 1.3 billion portfolio of SME loans;
■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2022 by Corporate &

Institutional Banking concerning a EUR 0.9 billion portfolio of
corporate loans;

At 31 December 2024, the main securitisation transactions
recognised as efficient are the following:

■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2021 by Corporate &

■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2024 by Corporate &
Institutional Banking concerning a EUR 14.2 billion portfolio of
large corporate loans;

■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2019 by Corporate &

■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2024 by Corporate &

Institutional Banking concerning a EUR 1.9 billion portfolio of
large corporate loans;
■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2024 by Corporate &

Institutional Banking concerning a EUR 1.7 billion portfolio of
large corporate loans;

5

■ a synthetic transaction initiated in 2022 by Corporate &

Institutional Banking concerning a EUR 0.9 billion portfolio of
corporate loans.
Institutional Banking concerning a EUR 1.1 billion portfolio of
corporate loans.
The Group has not set up own account securitisations of revolving
exposures with an anticipated repayment clause.
At 31 December 2024, there were no assets awaiting securitisation.

➤ TABLE 59: SECURITISED EXPOSURES ORIGINATED BY BNP PARIBAS
Securitised exposures originated by BNP Paribas
In millions of euros

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

7,083

6,767

Of which IRB approach

2,396

2,739

Of which standardised approach(1)

4,687

4,027

66,732

55,330

Of which IRB approach

64,945

55,330

Of which standardised approach(1)

1,787

Traditional

Synthetic

TOTAL

73,815

62,097

(1) Securitisation programmes processed under SEC‑ERBA approach.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

487

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Securitisation in the banking book

➤ TABLE 60: SECURITISED EXPOSURES BY BNP PARIBAS AS AN ORIGINATOR BY UNDERLYING ASSET CATEGORY(1)
31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Originated securitised exposures
In millions of euros

Traditional

Synthetic

Total

629

629

Residential real estate

Originated securitised exposures
Traditional

Synthetic

Consumer loans

5,091

900

5,991

4,629

Loans to corporates

1,487

65,203

66,690

1,572

505

565

73,815

6,767

Finance leases
TOTAL

505
7,083

66,732

Total

4,629
55,330

56,903
565

55,330

62,097

(1) This breakdown is based on the predominant underlying asset of the securitisations.

Inefficient securitisations

As at 31 December 2024, BNP Paribas originated 27 securitisation
transactions, for a total amount of EUR 70.5 billion of securitised
exposures. The main transactions concern: Commercial & Personal
Banking in Belgium (EUR 31.4 billion), BNP Paribas Personal Finance
(EUR 7.0 billion), Commercial & Personal Banking in France
(EUR 27.8 billion) and BNL bc (EUR 0.1 billion).

Inefficient securitisation transactions are mainly carried out for
refinancing purposes. These operations, which do not result in any
risk transfer within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/2401,
do not have a diminishing effect on the calculation of risk‑weighted
assets. Securitised exposures are included in customer loans and
subject to credit risk‑weighted asset calculations.

Credit quality of securitised exposures
The table below presents all exposures securitised by BNP Paribas as part of efficient and ineffective securitisation transactions carried out as
originator:

➤ TABLE 61: EXPOSURES SECURITISED BY THE INSTITUTION – EXPOSURES IN DEFAULT (EU SEC5)
a

b

a

31 December 2023

Exposures securitised by the institution as originator

Exposures securitised by the institution as originator

(1)

Total gross exposure amount(1)

Total gross exposure amount
In millions of euros

of which in default

of which in default

2

Retail

72,480

614

66,052

1,204

3

Residential real estate

55,649

486

49,650

1,025

4

Credit card and consumer loans

16,831

128

16,402

178

7

Corporate

77,088

7

70,667

144

76,584

70,102

142

8

Loans to corporates

9

Commercial real estate

10

Finance lease and commercial receivables

1

TOTAL

505

7

565

2

149,568

621

136,720

1,348

(1) Underlying exposures of effective and ineffective securitisation transactions.

488

b

31 December 2024

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Securitisation in the banking book

5

SECURITISATION ON BEHALF OF CLIENTS (SPONSOR)
As part of its third‑party securitisation activity, Corporate & Institutional Banking enables its large corporate and institutional clients to obtain
attractive financing conditions directly from the financing markets, through multiple‑seller conduits (short‑term refinancing markets) or specific
structured operations (medium and long‑term refinancing).

➤ TABLE 62: SECURITISED EXPOSURES BY BNP PARIBAS AS SPONSOR(1) BY UNDERLYING ASSET CATEGORY(1)
31 December 2024

Securitised exposures
In millions of euros

Traditional

Consumer loans

31 December 2023

Total

Traditional

20,117

20,117

16,700

16,700

Loans to corporates

765

765

1,145

1,145

Trade receivables

15,979

15,979

15,979

15,979

Finance leases

250

250

Other assets

299

299

3

3

37,410

35,470

TOTAL

37,410

Synthetic

-

Synthetic

-

Total

35,470

(1) This breakdown is based on the predominant underlying asset of the securitisation.

The financing structures thus put in place are accompanied by
liquidity lines and, where appropriate, by the granting of guarantees
by the Group, which are subject to a capital requirement.
Commitments and positions retained or acquired by BNP Paribas on
securitisation programmes as sponsor, amounted to EUR 37.4 billion
at 31 December 2024.

Short‑term refinancing
At 31 December 2024, two consolidated multi‑seller conduits
(Starbird and Matchpoint) were sponsored by the Group. These
conduits, by seeking refinancing on the local short‑term commercial
paper market, are able to provide CIB clients, large corporates and
institutions with an attractive financing solution in exchange for
some of their assets (trade receivables, finance leases for
automobiles or various equipment, credit card receivables, etc.).
BNP Paribas provides each of these conduits with a liquidity line
which amounted to EUR 35.6 billion at 31 December 2024, compared
with EUR 33.7 billion at 31 December 2023.

Medium/long‑term refinancing
In Europe and North America, the Group’s structuring platform
provides financing solutions to its clients, based on products adapted
to current conditions in terms of risk and liquidity. Altogether, the
facilities granted by the Group through these transactions amounted
to EUR 1.8 billion at 31 December 2024, compared with
EUR 1.8 billion at 31 December 2023.

SECURITISATION AS INVESTOR
The securitisation positions of BNP Paribas as an investor amounted
to EUR 35.7 billion at 31 December 2024, with an increase of
EUR 12.7 billion compared to 31 December 2023 (EUR 23.0 billion).
Investments made by the Group in third‑party securitisation
transactions are mainly concentrated in Capital markets, a
joint‑venture between Global Banking and Global Markets with an
exposure of EUR 33.6 billion at 31 December 2024 compared to
EUR 23.7 billion at 31 December 2023. Capital Markets is involved in
setting up, then financing and hedging (as a “swap” supplier)
structured asset financing operations initiated by its clients,
including mainly institutions, large companies or private equity
platforms.

5

Investor securitisation exposures also include historical positions
within the BNP Paribas Fortis entity managed in run‑off. This
portfolio, housed in the Corporate Centre, amounted to
EUR 0.3 billion at 31 December 2024 compared with EUR 0.3 billion
at 31 December 2023.
The table below shows the securitisation vehicles set up on behalf of
the Group or its customers.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

489

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Securitisation in the banking book

➤ TABLE 63: LIST OF SECURITISATION VEHICLES INITIATED BY THE GROUP (SEC‑A)
Business line which initiated the vehicle

Underlying asset category(1)

VEHICLES SPONSORED BY THE GROUP
AGL CREDIT EF 2022‑1 LTD.

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

BNPP AM EURO CLO 2017 DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY

Asset Management

SME loans

BNPP AM EURO CLO 2018 DAC

Asset Management

SME loans

BNPP AM EURO CLO 2019 DAC

Asset Management

SME loans

BNPP AM EURO CLO 2021 DAC

Asset Management

SME loans

BNPP IP EURO CLO 2015‑1 DAC

Asset Management

CREDIARC SPV S.R.L.

BNL bc

SME loans
Other assets

EXETER FUNDING II LLC

Corporate & Institutional Banking

GREENSKY, INC.

Corporate & Institutional Banking

Consumer loans
Receivables

GREENWICH FUNDING US1 LTD

Corporate & Institutional Banking

Consumer loans

HYUNDAI CAPITAL SERVICES, INC

Corporate & Institutional Banking

Consumer loans

HYUNDAI CARD CO, LTD

Corporate & Institutional Banking

Crédit card's receivables

IS SOL AGORA GREEN II ESG FIDC SEGMENTO FINANCEIRO DE
RESPONSABILIDADE

Corporate & Institutional Banking

Commercial loans

JBLU UT LENDING 2024‑1 LLC

Corporate & Institutional Banking

Other assets

KKR CLO 55, LTD.

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

MADISON PARK FUNDING LXVIII LTD

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

MATCHPOINT FINANCE PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY

Corporate & Institutional Banking

Other assets

OHA CREDIT FUNDING 20, LTD

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

PK ALIFT WH 5 LP

Corporate & Institutional Banking

Other assets

SAMSUNG CARD CO., LTD.

Corporate & Institutional Banking

Credit card's receivables

STARBIRD FUNDING CORPORATION

Corporate & Institutional Banking

Consumer loans

VCL MASTER RESIDUAL VALUE S.A

Corporate & Institutional Banking

Finance lease

VEHICLES WHICH ACQUIRE EXPOSURES ORIGINATED BY THE GROUP (ORIGINATOR)(2)

490

AUTOFLORENCE 2 SRL

Personal Finance

Consumer loans

AUTOFLORENCE 3 SRL

Personal Finance

Consumer loans

AUTONORIA DE 2023

Personal Finance

Consumer loans

AUTONORIA SPAIN 2019

Personal Finance

Consumer loans

AUTONORIA SPAIN 2021, FT

Personal Finance

Consumer loans

AUTONORIA SPAIN 2022, FT

Personal Finance

Consumer loans
Consumer loans

AUTONORIA SPAIN 2023, FT

Personal Finance

BROADWAY

Corporate & Institutional Banking

DONATELLO 1

Personal Finance

DUCALE 2024‑1

Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium

ECARAT DE SA 2024‑1

Personal Finance

ECHO

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

FCT MONTE CRISTO 2 – COMPARTMENT RESONANCE 11

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

FCT MONTE CRISTO 2 COMPARTMENT HAREWOOD

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

FCT MONTE CRISTO 2 COMPARTMENT RESONANCE 6B

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

FCT MONTE CRISTO COMPARTMENT RESONANCE 7

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

FCT MONTE CRISTO COMPARTMENT RESONANCE 9

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

FONDS COMMUN DE TITRISATION- RESONANCE 4

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

HANOVRE

Commercial & Personal Banking in France

SME loans

HAREWOOD 2

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

JUNO_1

BNL bc

SME loans

JUNO_2

BNL bc

SME loans

MARIANNE

Commercial & Personal Banking in France

SME loans

MAZURKA

Commercial banking in the rest of the world

SME loans

MERIDIAN

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

MINERVA 2

BNL bc

SME loans

MINERVA 3

BNL bc

SME loans

MINERVA 4

BNL bc

NORIA DE 2024

Personal Finance

Consumer loans

NORIA 2021

Personal Finance

Consumer loans

NORIA 2023

Personal Finance

Consumer loans

PARK MOUNTAIN 2023

Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium

SME loans

PARK MOUNTAIN SECURITISATION 2019

Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium

SME loans

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

SME loans
Consumer loans
SME loans
Consumer loans

SME loans

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Securitisation in the banking book

Business line which initiated the vehicle

Underlying asset category(1)

PBD GERMANY AUTO LEASE MASTER S.A.

Personal Finance

Finance lease

PIXEL 2021

Leasing Solutions

Finance lease

PROXIMA 2

Commercial & Personal Banking in France

SME loans

PROXIMA 3

Commercial & Personal Banking in France

SME loans

PROXIMA 4

Commercial & Personal Banking in France

SME loans

PROXIMA 5

Commercial & Personal Banking in France

SME loans

RESONANCE 10

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

RESONANCE 12B

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

RESONANCE 8

Corporate & Institutional Banking

SME loans

RESONANCE 12A

Corporate & Institutional Banking

VISIONARY 2023

Commercial banking in the rest of the world

VEHICLES INCLUDED IN THE PRUDENTIAL CONSOLIDATION SCOPE

5

SME loans
Residential real estate

See note 8.k Scope of consolidation (reference t) to the consolidated financial statements.

(1) The category is based on the predominant underlying asset of the securitisation.
(2) Efficient securitisation.

ACCOUNTING METHODS [Audited]
(See note 1 to the consolidated financial statements – Summary of
significant accounting policies applied by the Group.)

Proceeds from the sale of securitisation positions are recognised in
accordance with rules for the category of origin of positions sold.

The accounting classification of securitisation positions in the
banking book is shown in Table 9: Prudential balance sheet by risk
type (EU LI1‑B).

Synthetic securitisations in the form of credit derivatives (credit
default swaps) or guarantees received follow accounting rules
appertaining respectively:

Securitisation positions classified as “Financial assets at amortised
cost” are measured using the method described in note 1.f.1
Financial assets at amortised cost to the consolidated financial
statements: the effective interest rate used to recognise interest
income is measured on the basis of an expected cash flow model.
From the outset, these positions are subject to an impairment
calculation for expected credit risk losses (see note 1.f.5 Impairment
of financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt instruments
measured at fair value through shareholders’ equity to the
consolidated financial statements).

■ to trading portfolio derivatives. These are measured at fair

Securitisation positions classified on an accounting basis as
“Financial assets at fair value through equity” are measured using
the method described in note 1.f.2 Financial assets at fair value
through shareholders’ equity to the consolidated financial
statements. Changes in fair value determined according to the
principles listed in note 1.f.10 Determination of fair value to the
consolidated financial statements (excluding revenue recognised
using the effective interest method) are presented in a specific
subsection of shareholders’ equity along with expected credit risk
losses calculated using the methods described in note 1.f.5
Impairment of financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt
instruments measured at fair value through shareholders’ equity to
the consolidated financial statements. Upon disposal, amounts
previously recognised in recyclable equity are transferred to the
profit and loss account.
Securitisation positions classified on an accounting basis as
“Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss” are
measured using the method described in note 1.f.7 Financial
instruments at fair value through profit or loss to the consolidated
financial statements.

5

value through profit or loss (see note 1.f.7 Financial
instruments at fair value through profit or loss to the
consolidated financial statements);
■ to financial guarantees received, which cannot be considered as

forming an integral part of secured assets. If it is virtually
certain that a loss caused by a defaulting debtor will be offset
by the guarantor, the guarantee is then recognised as a
reimbursement asset (right to reimbursement for expected
credit losses) and expected credit losses on the asset are, at the
same time, recognised in profit or loss. The overall impact in
terms of profit or loss is the same as if the guarantee had been
recognised in the measurement of expected credit losses, with
the difference that the guarantee received is shown as a
reimbursement asset rather than as a reduction in the expected
credit losses on the asset.
Assets awaiting securitisation are classified as:
■ financial instruments at amortised cost or at fair value through

equity and in the prudential banking book in the case of
exposures resulting from the Bank’s balance sheet, for which
the Bank will be originator in the future securitisation within
the meaning of Basel 3;
■ financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss and in

the prudential banking book in the case of exposures purchased
and put into warehousing, for which the Bank will be sponsor in
the future securitisation within the regulatory meaning.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

491

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Securitisation in the banking book

SECURITISATION RISK MANAGEMENT
The risk management framework for securitisation is part of the risk
management described in section 5.3 Risk management.
The business lines represent the first line of defence with
responsibility for understanding all the risks incurred in order to
ensure correct evaluation. The RISK Function acts independently, as
a second line of defence.
Positions taken are monitored to measure changes in individual and
portfolio risks.
The monitoring of securitised assets covers credit, counterparty,
market and liquidity risks on the underlying assets.

CREDIT RISK ON SECURITISED ASSETS
Securitisation assets outside the trading book are subject to specific
approval by the Credit Committees. For new transactions, a credit
proposal is prepared by the business, and a comprehensive risk
analysis is carried out by the RISK analysts before presentation to
the Credit Committee. All approvals are subject to an annual review.
Exposures are monitored to ensure that they do not exceed the
limits set by the Credit Committees.
The risk exposure of securitisation tranches is intrinsically linked to
that of the underlying assets, whether for securitisation or

492

re‑securitisation. Through the customary governance of Credit
Committees, the Group monitors changes in the quality of underlying
assets for the entire duration of the programme concerned.

COUNTERPARTY RISK ON SECURITISATION
RELATED TO INTEREST RATES
OR FX DERIVATIVES
Securitisation‑related derivative instruments are also subject to the
approval of the Credit Committees. BNP Paribas integrates
counterparty risk into the securitisation structure. The principles are
the same as those described above in respect of credit risk.

MARKET RISK WITHIN THE BANKING BOOK
On fixed‑rate ABS positions, a macro hedge consisting of fixed/
variable‑rate swaps is put in place to cover interest rate risk. The
hedge is recorded in accordance with the rules of hedge accounting.

LIQUIDITY/FUNDING RISK
Securitisation positions are financed internally by the ALM –
Treasury or via conduits sponsored by BNP Paribas.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Securitisation in the banking book

5

SECURITISATION POSITIONS
➤ TABLE 64: SECURITISATION EXPOSURES IN THE NON‑TRADING BOOK(1) (EU SEC1)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

31 December 2024
originator
Synthetic

Traditional
STS

Retail

3

Of which residential
mortgages

4

Of which credit card
receivables

5

Of which other retail

6

Of which re‑securitisation

7

Corporate

8

Of which loans
to corporates

9

Of which commercial
mortgages

10 Of which finance leases

of which
SRT(3)

of which
SRT(3)

of which
SRT(3)

Total

7,450

661 50,851

896

896 59,197

677

45,973

138

138 46,788

4,877

759

759 12,409

661

STS(2) Non‑STS Synthetic

Total

20,117

0 20,117

41

5 45,606

45,606 58,511

342 16,950

12,863

5 45,606

45,606 58,470

92

673

41

41

7,492

703 63,714

5 46,503

Total

20,117

2,834

5,623

8,457 87,772

-

276

3,461

3,737 50,525

-

302

971

20,117

2,257

1,191

1,273

46,503 117,708

250

27,239 103,043

765

24,567

24,567 83,801

16,278

-

-

393 26,846

393

15

15

15

1,669

2,062

2,354

594

594 16,872

342 37,068

1,273

3,447 35,974

17,292

250
16,278

Total

-

41

12 Of which re‑securitisation

STS(2) Non‑STS Synthetic

-

41 12,863

-

TOTAL

Traditional

6,773

11 Of which other assets

1

investor

Traditional

Non‑STS

(2)

In millions of euros
2

sponsor

37,410

3,228 32,469

-

5

-

35,696 190,815

(1) Based on the predominant asset class in the asset pool of the securitisation in which the position is held.
(2) Simple, Transparent and Standards securitisation programmes (see next section).
(3) Effective securitisation programmes, for which the criteria for significant risk transfer are met (see paragraph Risk transfer of own account securitisation transactions,
in the section on BNP Paribas securitisation activities).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

493

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Securitisation in the banking book

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

31 December 2023
originator
Traditional

Synthetic
Non‑STS

STS(2)
of which
SRT(3)

In millions of euros
2

Retail

3

Of which residential
mortgages

4

Of which credit card
receivables

5

Of which other retail

6

Of which re‑securitisation

7

Corporate

8

Of which loans
to corporates

9

Of which commercial
mortgages

10 Of which finance leases

7,637

867 50,908

374

45,942

7,263

of
which
(3)
SRT

of which
SRT(3)
-

-

Traditional

STS(2)

- 58,546

0

12,230

Non‑STS Synthetic

300 16,400

76 12,867
12,867

76

Total

1,085

3,902

4,987 80,232

-

103

2,647

982

1,250

2,233 31,162

4

-

Total

2,750 49,066
4

4

7 41,849 41,849 54,792

294 18,476

- 18,770

350 17,666

- 18,016 91,579

7 41,849 41,849 54,716

98

1,145

17,045

17,045 72,907

76

-

1,048

-

-

76

196 17,429

17,625

594 34,876

- 35,470

943 63,776

Non‑STS Synthetic

- 16,700

-

-

7,713

STS(2)

16,700

76

Total

300 16,400

12 Of which re‑securitisation
TOTAL

Traditional

46,316

11 Of which other assets

1

investor

Total

4,967

867

sponsor

-

15

15

15

398

748

824

208

208 17,833

1,434 21,569

- 23,003 171,811

350

-

7 41,849 41,849 113,338

-

-

-

(1) Based on the predominant asset class in the asset pool of the securitisation in which the position is held.
(2) Simple, Transparent and Standards securitisation programmes (see next section).
(3) Effective securitisation programmes, for which the criteria for significant risk transfer are met (see paragraph Risk transfer of own account securitisation transactions,
in the section on BNP Paribas securitisation activities).

➤ TABLE 65: BANKING BOOK SECURITISATION POSITION QUALITY
In millions of euros

Securitisation positions held or acquired (EAD)

Tranche quality

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

118,246

99,482

Mezzanine tranche

1,697

1,548

First‑loss tranche

374

241

120,318

101,271

Senior tranche

TOTAL

At 31 December 2024, 98.3% of the securitisation positions held or acquired by the Group were senior tranches, compared with 98.2% at
31 December 2023, reflecting the high quality of the Group’s portfolio.

RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS
The revised securitisation framework came into force on 1 January
2019 with the application of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/2401 and
Regulation (EU) No. 2017/2402. It provides for:
■ the creation of a specific status for programmes known as

Simple, Transparent and Standardised, which comply with
certain conditions:
■

494

the portfolio of underlying assets, which must be uniform in
terms of asset type, may not include a re‑securitisation
position nor defaulting asset at origination,

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

■

■

the programme must be traditional and the payment of the
interest for the securitisation positions must be based on
standard benchmark interest rates,
investors must have sufficient information on the portfolio of
underlying assets, specifically, information on the histories of
defaults and losses.

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Securitisation in the banking book

Subject to eligibility in terms of applicable risk‑weight and
concentration of the underlying asset portfolio, these programmes
may benefit from preferential weightings;

■

■ new approaches for the calculation of risk‑weighted assets

related to applicable securitisation positions according to the
specificities of the underlying portfolio:
■

■

internal ratings‑based approach (SEC‑IRBA): the risk‑weight
applicable to the securitisation position depends, on the one
hand, on the characteristics of the securitisation programme
and, on the other hand, on the capital charge of the
underlying portfolio calculated as credit risk,
standardised approach (SEC‑SA): the risk‑weight applicable to
the securitisation position depends on the characteristics of
the securitisation programme, the capital charge of the
underlying portfolio calculated as credit risk and the
proportion of assets in default in this portfolio,

■

5

external ratings‑based approach (SEC‑ERBA): the risk‑weight
applicable to the securitisation position is given directly by a
correspondence table defined in Regulation (EU)
No. 2017/2401, based on the external rating of the tranche,
its subordination rank and its maturity. BNP Paribas uses the
external ratings of the Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s, Fitch and
DBRS rating agencies,
in other cases, Regulation (EU) No. 2017/2401 provides for
the deduction of CET1 own funds.

Risk‑weighted assets corresponding to securitisation positions held
or acquired by the Group amounted to EUR 20.7 billion at
31 December 2024, or 2.7% of Group total risk‑weighted assets,
compared with EUR 16.6 billion at 31 December 2023 (2.4% of Group
total risk‑weighted assets).

➤ TABLE 66: SECURITISATION RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSET MOVEMENTS BY KEY DRIVER
Key driver Total variation
In millions of
euros

RWAs Securitisation

31 December
2023

Asset size

16,589

2,265

Asset quality Model updates
390

-

Methodology
and policy

Acquisitions
and disposals

Currency

Other

-

-

566

888

31 December
2024
4,108

20,697

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

495

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Securitisation in the banking book

➤ TABLE 67: SECURITISATION EXPOSURES AND RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS – INSTITUTION ACTING AS ORIGINATOR
OR AS SPONSOR (EU SEC3)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

EU‑p

EU‑q

31 December 2024
Exposure values (EAD) by RW bands/deductions Exposure values (EAD) by regulatory approach
> 50%
≤ 100%

> 100%
< 1,250%

Risk‑weighted assets by regulatory approach

In millions of euros

≤ 20%

2

Traditional
transactions

33,053

4,840

147

61

18

899

4,663

32,539

18

308

1,134

6,748

22

88

433

3

Securitisation

33,053

4,840

147

61

18

899

4,663

32,539

18

308

1,134

6,748

22

88

433

4

Retail

17,575

3,191

-

5

7

118

3,160

17,493

7

31

739

2,999

2

58

240

deductions(1) SEC‑IRBA SEC‑ERBA

SEC‑SA

deductions(1) SEC‑IRBA SEC‑ERBA

SEC‑SA

deductions(1) SEC‑IRBA SEC‑ERBA

SEC‑SA

5

of which
STS

132

517

-

5

7

118

485

50

7

31

163

5

2

12

-

6

Wholesale

15,478

1,649

147

56

10

780

1,503

15,046

10

278

395

3,749

20

30

193

7

of which
STS

250

31

44

48

10

-

363

11

10

-

139

132

-

9

7

8

Re‑securitisation

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

9

Synthetic
transactions

39,691

6,427

-

-

385

45,057

-

1,061

385

7,721

-

122

618

-

10

10 Securitisation

39,691

6,427

-

-

385

45,057

-

1,061

385

7,721

-

122

618

-

10

881

-

-

-

15

-

-

881

15

-

-

95

-

-

7

38,810

6,427

-

-

370

45,057

-

180

370

7,721

-

27

618

-

2

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

72,744

11,267

147

61

402

45,956

4,663

33,600

402

8,030

1,134

6,871

640

88

442

11

Retail

12

Wholesale

13 Re‑securitisation
1

TOTAL

(1) The Group opted for the deduction of CET1 capital rather than the 1,250% weighting.
(2) After application of the regulatory ceiling. Capital requirements correspond to 8% of risk‑weighted assets.

496

Capital charge after cap(2)

> 20%
≤ 50%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

deductions(1)

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Securitisation in the banking book

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

EU‑p

5

EU‑q

31 December 2023
Exposure values (EAD) by RW bands/deductions Exposure values (EAD) by regulatory approach
> 100% deduc
< 1,250% ‑tions(1) SEC‑IRBA SEC‑ERBA

Capital charge after cap(2)

Risk weighted assets by regulatory approach

In millions of euros

≤ 20%

> 20%
≤ 50%

> 50%
≤ 100%

2

Traditional
transactions

33,162

2,955

175

79

49

1,232

3,790

31,348

49

327

986

5,363

26

78

422

3

Securitisation

33,162

2,955

175

79

49

1,232

3,790

31,348

49

327

986

5,363

26

78

422

4

Retail

14,715

2,771

53

27

179

2,666

14,694

27

49

678

2,803

4

54

220

27

179

661

300

27

49

188

30

4

15

2

1,053

1,124

16,653

22

278

308

2,560

22

24

202

153

196

21

125

20

9

2

78

422

SEC‑SA

deductions(1) SEC‑IRBA SEC‑ERBA

SEC‑SA

deductions(1) SEC‑IRBA SEC‑ERBA

5

of which
STS

321

766

53

6

Wholesale

18,446

184

122

79

22

7

of which
STS

196

68

16

69

21

8

Re‑securitisation

9

Synthetic
transactions

39,556

1,667

405

221

41,628

221

6,090

487

10 Securitisation

39,556

1,667

405

221

41,628

221

6,090

487

39,556

1,667

405

221

41,628

221

6,090

487

72,718

4,622

580

270

42,860

270

6,417

11

Retail

12

Wholesale

SEC‑SA

deductions(1)

13 Re‑securitisation
1

TOTAL

79

3,790

31,348

986

5,363

513

5

(1) The Group opted for the deduction of CET1 capital rather than the 1,250% weighting.
(2) After application of the regulatory ceiling. Capital requirements correspond to 8% of risk‑weighted assets.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

497

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Securitisation in the banking book

➤ TABLE 68: SECURITISATION POSITIONS AND RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS – BNP PARIBAS ACTING AS
INVESTOR (EU SEC4)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

EU‑p

EU‑q

31 December 2024
Risk‑weighted assets

Exposure values (EAD) by RW bands/deductions Exposure values (EAD) by regulatory approach
In millions of euros

≤ 20%

> 20%
≤ 50%

2

Traditional
transactions

31,661

3,556

221

258

3

Securitisation

31,661

3,556

221

258

4

Retail

7,790

465

137

65
6

5

of which
STS

2,828

6

Wholesale

23,871

7

of which
STS

393

8

Re‑securitisation

9

Synthetic
transactions

3,091

> 50%
≤ 100%

> 100%
< 1,250%

84

deductions(1) SEC‑IRBA SEC‑ERBA
-

193

Capital charge after cap(2)

SEC‑SA

deductions(1) SEC‑IRBA SEC‑ERBA

SEC‑SA

deductions(1) SEC‑IRBA SEC‑ERBA

SEC‑SA

21,188

951

13,557

3,461

570

2,310

265

37

184

21,188

951

13,557

3,461

570

2,310

265

37

184

437

8,021

475

1,142

30

90

6

2,828

7

284

1

23

515

5,537

94

1,168

8

93

21,188

3,461

393

265

39

3

10 Securitisation
11

Retail
underlying

12

Wholesale

13 Re‑securitisation
1

TOTAL

31,661

3,556

221

258

-

21,188

951

13,557

-

3,461

(1) The Group opted for the deduction of CET1 capital instead of the 1,250% weighting.
(2) After application of the regulatory ceiling. Capital requirements correspond to 8% of risk‑weighted assets.

498

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

570

2,310

265

37

184

deductions(1)

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Securitisation in the banking book

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

EU‑p

5

EU‑q

31 December 2023
Exposure values (EAD) by RW bands/deductions Exposure values (EAD) by regulatory approach
In millions of euros

≤ 20%

> 20%
≤ 50%

> 50%
≤ 100%

> 100%
< 1,250%

2

Traditional
transactions

19,593

3,045

291

3

Securitisation

19,593

3,045

4

Retail

4,604

79

5

of which
STS

1,085

6

Wholesale

14,989

7

of which
STS

350

8

Re‑securitisation

9

Synthetic
transactions

deductions(1) SEC‑IRBA SEC‑ERBA

SEC‑SA

deductions(1) SEC‑IRBA SEC‑ERBA

SEC‑SA

deductions(1) SEC‑IRBA SEC‑ERBA

74

15,744

355

6,904

2,678

384

1,260

193

23

98

291

74

15,744

355

6,904

2,678

384

1,260

193

23

98

242

63

908

304

3,775

136

373

588

0

22

45

1,085
2,966

Capital charge after cap(2)

Risk weighted assets

50

11

14,837

51

110

3,129

2,542

10

350

672

SEC‑SA

deductions(1)

9
193

1

35

54
3

10 Securitisation
11

Retail
underlying

12

Wholesale

13 Re‑securitisation
1

TOTAL

19,593

3,045

291

74

-

15,744

355

6,904

-

2,678

384

1,260

193

23

98

(1) The Group opted for the deduction of CET1 capital instead of the 1,250% weighting.
(2) After application of the regulatory ceiling. Capital requirements correspond to 8% of risk‑weighted assets.

5

Guarantees on securitisation positions amounted to EUR 221 million as at 31 December 2024, compared with EUR 142 million at 31 December
2023.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

499

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Counterparty credit risk

5.6 Counterparty credit risk
Counterparty credit risk is the translation of the credit risk
embedded in financial transactions, investments and/or
settlement transactions between counterparties. Those
transactions
include
bilateral
contracts
such
as
over‑the‑counter (OTC) derivative contracts as well as
contracts settled through clearing houses. The amount of this
risk may vary over time in line with changing market
parameters which then impacts the replacement value of the
relevant transactions.

In respect of counterparty risk, the RISK Function is structured
according to five main priorities:
■ measuring exposure to counterparty credit risk;
■ checking and analysing these exposures and the limits that

apply to them;
■ implementing mechanisms to reduce risk;
■ calculating and managing credit valuation adjustments (CVA);
■ defining and implementing stress tests.

Counterparty risk lies in the event that a counterparty defaults
on its obligations to pay the Bank the full present value of the
flows relating to a transaction or a portfolio for which the
Bank is a net receiver. Counterparty credit risk is also linked to
the replacement cost of a derivative or portfolio in the event
of counterparty default. Hence, it can be seen as a market risk
in case of default or a contingent risk.

COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK VALUATION
COUNTERPARTY EXPOSURE CALCULATION
Exposure to counterparty risk is measured using two approaches:

Modelled exposure – Internal model method
With regard to modelling counterparty risk exposure, the exposure at
default (EAD) for counterparty risk is calculated based on the
Effective Expected Positive Exposure (EEPE) indicator multiplied by
the alpha regulatory factor as defined in article 284‑4 of Regulation
(EU) No. 575/2013. The Effective Expected Positive Exposure (EEPE)
is measured using an internal exposure valuation model to
determine exposure profiles. The model was developed by the Group
and approved by the supervisor.
The principle of the model is to simulate the main risk factors, such
as commodity and equity prices, interest rates and foreign exchange
rates, affecting the counterparty risk exposure, based on their initial
respective values. The Bank uses Monte‑Carlo simulations to
generate thousands of time trajectories (corresponding to thousands
of potential market scenarios) to define potential changes in risk
factors. The diffusion processes used by the model are calibrated on
the most recent historic data set over a four‑year period.

Exposure may be reduced by a Master Agreement, and may also be
covered by a Credit Support Annex (CSA). For each counterparty, the
model aggregates the exposures taking into consideration any
netting agreements and credit support annexes, as well as the
potentially risky nature of the collateral exchanged.
Based on the breakdown of exposure to the counterparty, the model
determines the following in particular:
■ The average risk profile, the Expected Positive Exposure (EPE),

from which the EEPE (Effective Expected Positive Exposure) is
calculated:
the Expected Positive Exposure (EPE) profile is calculated as the
average of the breakdown of counterparty exposures at each
point in the simulation, with the negative portions of the
trajectories set to zero (the negative portions correspond to
situations where BNP Paribas Group is a risk for the
counterparty). The EEPE is calculated as the first‑year average
of the non‑decreasing EPE profile: at each simulation date, the
value taken is the maximum of the EPE value and the value on
the previous simulation date;
■ The Potential Future Exposure (PFE) profile:

Based on all the risk factor simulations, the model assesses the
value of the positions from the simulation date to the transaction
maturity date (from one day to more than thirty years for the
longest‑term transactions) to generate an initial set of exposure
profiles.

500

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

the Potential Future Exposure (PFE) profile is calculated as a
90% percentile of the breakdown of exposure to the
counterparty at each point in the simulation. This percentile is
raised to 99% for hedge fund counterparties. The highest
Potential Future Exposure value (Max PFE) is used to monitor
maximum limits.

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Counterparty credit risk

Since 1 January 2014, date of entry into force of Regulation (EU)
No. 575/2013, the system for measuring exposures to counterparty
risk takes into account:
■ extension of the margin periods of risk in accordance with

article 285 of the CRR;

5

MITIGATION OF COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK
As part of its risk management, the BNP Paribas Group implemented
three counterparty risk mitigation mechanisms:
■ the signature of netting agreements for OTC transactions;
■ clearing through central counterparties, in the case of OTC or

■ inclusion of the specific correlation risk;
■ determination of a stressed EEPE calculated based on a

calibration reflecting a particular period of stress.

listed derivative transactions;
■ Bilateral initial margin exchange.

Non‑modelled exposure – Method SA‑CCR

Netting agreements

For non‑modelled counterparty credit risk exposures, the derivative
exposure at default is calculated using the standardised approach
for counterparty credit risk (Standardised Approach for Counterparty
Credit Risk – SA‑CCR) in accordance with article 274 of Regulation
(EU) No. 2019/876.

Netting is used by the Bank in order to mitigate counterparty credit
risk associated with derivative trading. The main instance where
netting occurs is in case of trade termination: if the counterparty
defaults, all the trades are terminated at their current market value,
and all the positive and negative market values are summed to
obtain a single amount (net) to be paid to or received from the
counterparty. The balance (“close‑out netting”) may be collateralised
with cash, securities or deposits.

The exposure at default of a netting set using the standardised
approach to counterparty risk is based on:
■ the replacement cost (RC), calculated in accordance with

Article 275;
■ potential future exposure (PFE), calculated in accordance with

Article 278;
■ the regulatory factor alpha, set in accordance with Article 274.

The exposure at default on securities financing transactions (SFTs) is
calculated using the Financial Collateral Comprehensive Method in
accordance with article 223 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013.

LIMIT/MONITORING FRAMEWORK
Limits reflecting the principles of the Group’s Risk Appetite
Statement are defined for the counterparty credit risk. These limits
are set in accordance with the type of counterparty (banks,
institutional investors, asset managers, corporates, clearing houses,
etc.) and the type of exposure used to measure and manage
counterparty risk:
■ the highest value of potential future exposures (Max PFE) for

modelled exposures;
■ the exposure value calculated using the standardised approach

for non‑modelled exposures.
The exposure of each counterparty is calculated to verify compliance
with credit decisions.
These limits are defined and calibrated as part of the risk approval
process. They are approved in the following committees (listed in
ascending order of discretionary authority): Local Credit Committee,
Regional Credit Committee, Global Credit Committee, General
Management Credit Committee.
These measures are complemented by sets of directives (covering
contingent market risk sensitivities per counterparty which are
extracted from the market risk system) which provide further tools
in the monitoring of counterparty credit risk and the prevention of
systemic risk concentrations.

The Bank also applies settlement netting in order to mitigate
counterparty credit risk in cases of currency settlement. This
corresponds to the netting of all payments and receipts between the
Bank and one counterparty in the same currency to be settled in the
same day. The netting results in a single amount (for each currency)
to be paid either by the Bank or by the counterparty.
Transactions affected by this are processed in accordance with
bilateral or multilateral agreements respecting the general
principles of the national or international framework. The main
forms of bilateral agreements are those issued by Fédération
bancaire française (FBF) and on an international basis by the
International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA).

5

Trade clearing through central counterparties
Trade clearing through central counterparties (CCPs) is part of
BNP Paribas' usual capital market activities. As a global clearing
member, BNP Paribas contributes to the risk management
framework of the CCPs through payment to a default fund as well as
daily margin calls. The rules that define the relationships between
BNP Paribas and the CCPs of which it is a member are described in
each CCP’s rulebook.
For Europe, the United Kingdom and the United States in particular,
this scheme enables the reduction of notional amounts through the
netting of the portfolio, on one hand, and, on the other, a transfer of
the risk from several counterparties to a single central counterparty
with a robust risk management framework.
In its clearing for third party activity, BNP Paribas requests as well,
and on a daily basis, the payment of margin calls from its clients.
Since default by one or more clearing houses would affect
BNP Paribas, it has introduced dedicated monitoring of these central
counterparties and closely tracks concentrations with them.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

501

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Counterparty credit risk

Bilateral initial margin exchange

Risk related to the volatility of CVAS (CVA risk)

Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 (EMIR) stipulates the establishment of
additional constraints for players in the derivatives markets,
including the obligation to exchange collateral for contracts that are
not centrally cleared. An initial guarantee deposit must be made by
the Bank’s most significant financial and non‑financial
counterparties. The purpose of this exchange is to mitigate the
counterparty credit risk associated with over‑the‑counter derivative
trading that is not centrally cleared. The Bank’s transactions with
sovereign borrowers, central banks, and supranational entities are
excluded from this system.

To protect banks against the risk of losses due to CVA variations,
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 introduced a dedicated capital charge,
the CVA charge. This charge aims at capitalising the risk of loss
caused by changes in the credit spread of a counterparty to which
the BNP Paribas Group is exposed. The CVA charge is computed by
the Group using mainly the advanced method and relies on the
Bank’s model on market risk (see section CVA Risk hereafter).

If the counterparty defaults, all the trades are terminated at their
current market value by the Bank. The initial guarantee deposit
hedges the variation in the value of transactions during this
liquidation period. The initial deposit reflects an extreme but
plausible estimate of potential losses corresponding to a unilateral
interval of confidence of 99% over a ten‑day period, based on historic
data including an episode of significant financial tensions.
The initial deposit must be bilaterally traded on a gross basis
between the Bank and the counterparty. It is kept by a third party so
as to guarantee that the Bank immediately has access to the
counterparty’s deposit and that the Bank’s deposit be protected in
case the counterparty defaults.

CREDIT VALUATION ADJUSTMENTS (CVA)
The valuation of financial OTC trades carried out by BNP Paribas as
part of its trading activities (mainly Global Markets) includes Credit
Valuation Adjustments (CVA). CVA is an adjustment of the trading
portfolio valuation to take into account each counterparty’s credit
risk. It is the fair value on any expected loss arising from
counterparty exposure based on the potential positive value of the
contract, the counterparty default probability and the estimated
recovery rate in case of default.
The majority of counterparty credit risk exposures on derivatives are
related to the Group’s interest rate, credit and foreign exchange
activities, all underlying assets, and all business lines combined.
The credit valuation adjustment is not only a function of the
expected exposure but also the credit risk level of the counterparty,
which is linked to the level of the Credit Default Swap (CDS) spreads
used in the default probability calculation.
In order to reduce the risk associated with the credit quality
deterioration embedded in a financial operations portfolio,
BNP Paribas uses a dynamic hedging strategy, involving the
purchase of market instruments such as credit derivative
instruments. (See CVA risk management in the section Counterparty
risk management).

502

STRESS TESTS AND WRONG WAY RISK
The BNP Paribas counterparty risk stress testing framework is
consistent with the framework for market risk stress testing in terms
of scenario definition (see section 5.7 Market risk related to trading
activities). Top‑down counterparty stress tests use the same
multifactor, holistic scenarios that are also used in market risk stress
testing. Specific stress tests defined by activity and product
(Bottom‑up approach) and considering the nature of the exposures,
complement the framework. Both counterparty and market risk
stress testing frameworks are governed by the Stress Testing
Steering Committee.
Counterparty risk stress tests are implemented in two ways, by first
applying instantaneous market shocks across activities and then:
■ re‑computing the present values of transactions and client

assets under the stress scenario for each counterparty. Margins
and collateral are included in the calculation to derive the
“clean" stress test.
■ re‑running the Monte Carlo simulation used to derive PFE

(potential future exposure) under the stress scenario for each
counterparty. Counterparty risk stress testing can also include
factors specific to counterparty risk such as deteriorations in
counterparty credit quality which, in conjunction with the
applied scenario, can be used to generated stressed
risk‑weighted assets.
The stress tests are typically presented as the changes in exposures
on either a name‑by‑name level or bucketed by region and economic
sector. Such risk analysis is present within the Executive
Management summary reporting framework and also shares some
common bodies with market risk, such as the Financial Markets Risk
Committee (FMRC), the main committee for market and counterparty
credit risk.
Wrong Way Risk is the risk that counterparty exposure will be
inversely correlated with the counterparty’s credit quality.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Counterparty credit risk

The risk can be encountered in two ways:
■ General Wrong Way Risk (GWWR), corresponds to the increased

probability of counterparty default being positively correlated
with
increased
counterparty
exposure ;
BNP Paribas’
identification of GWWR is performed through stress tests that
highlight the risk factors negatively correlated with the
counterparty’s credit quality. It can combine a top‑down

5

approach (based on the country of incorporation, the region or
the sector of the counterparty) and a bottom‑up approach.
■ Specific Wrong Way Risk (SWWR), corresponds to the risk

arising when exposure to a specific counterparty is positively
correlated with the counterpart’s probability of default due to
the nature of the transactions with the counterparty or of the
collateral received. When a legal link between the exposure
underlyings and the counterparty is established, the SWWR is
subject to prescribed regulatory capital treatment.

EXPOSURE TO COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK
The table below shows exposure to counterparty credit risk
(measured as the exposure at default) by Basel asset class on
derivative contracts and securities lending/borrowing transactions,
after the impact of any netting agreement. Bilateral transactions

between the Bank and customers (bilateral counterparty risk) are
distinguished from transactions related to the clearing activities of
the Bank, including essentially exposures to central counterparties
(CCP).

➤ TABLE 69: COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK EXPOSURE AT DEFAULT BY ASSET CLASS (EXCL. CVA RISK CHARGE)
31 December 2024

31 December 2023

EAD

EAD

Variation

IRBA

Standardised
approach

Total

IRBA

Standardised
approach

Total

Total

Bilateral counterparty credit risk

154,315

2,045

156,360

140,157

2,760

142,916

13,444

Central governments and central banks

26,396

14

26,410

23,023

38

23,061

3,350

Corporates

84,759

1,469

86,228

72,727

1,798

74,525

11,703

Institutions(1)

43,160

560

43,720

44,406

922

45,328

(1,608)

2

2

2

2

(1)

6,058

75,452

81,510

4,489

51,884

56,373

25,137

160,374

77,497

237,871

144,646

54,644

199,289

38,581

In millions of euros

Retail
Exposure to CCP related to clearing activities
TOTAL

5

(1) Institution asset class comprises credit institutions and investment firms, including those recognised in other countries, it also includes some exposures to regional
and local authorities, public sector agencies and multilateral development banks that are not treated as central government authorities.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

503

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Counterparty credit risk

For bilateral counterparty credit risk, the share of exposures under the IRB approach represented 99% at 31 December 2024 (stable compared
with 31 December 2023).
The following table summarises the exposures to counterparty credit risk with a breakdown by product. An indication of the Group’s business
volume on derivative financial instruments booked in the trading portfolio is presented in note 4.a Financial instruments at fair value through
profit or loss to the consolidated financial statements.

➤ TABLE 70: COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK EXPOSURE AT DEFAULT BY PRODUCT (EXCL. CVA RISK CHARGE)
31 December 2023

EAD

EAD

In millions of euros

Bilateral counterparty Exposure to CCP related to
credit risk
clearing activities

OTC derivatives

82,020

80.88%

Securities Financing Transactions

74,340

91.02%

Total

Bilateral counterparty Exposure to CCP related to
credit risk
clearing activities

Total

19,395

19.12%

101,415

78,438

96.19%

3,108

3.81%

81,546

7,331

64,478

81.74%

14,406

8.98%

81,671

18.26%

78,885

Listed derivatives

21,722 100.00%

21,722

18,399 100.00%

18,399

Default fund contribution

33,062 100.00%

33,062

20,459 100.00%

20,459

TOTAL

504

31 December 2024

156,360

65.73%

81,510

34.27% 237,871 142,916

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

71.71%

56,373

28.29% 199,289

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Counterparty credit risk

5

BILATERAL COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK
The following table shows a summary, by approach, of the regulatory
exposures of counterparty credit risk and associated risk‑weighted
assets for the entire scope of the BNP Paribas Group’s bilateral
activities, which represents the bulk of counterparty credit risk
exposures.

The bilateral counterparty risk corresponds to the contracts with its
clients treated bilaterally (or over‑the‑counter) by BNP Paribas.
The exposure at default (EAD) is primarily measured with the aid of
internal models (see paragraph Counterparty exposure calculation).
For the perimeter not covered by internal models (limited mainly to
subsidiaries BNL and TEB), EAD is calculated using the standardised
approach to counterparty credit risk. Risk‑weighted assets linked to
counterparty credit risk are computed by multiplying EAD by an
appropriate weighting according to the approach used (standardised
or IRBA).

Since 30 June 2021, exposures not modelled are calculated
according to the provisions of article 274 of Regulation (EU)
No. 2019/876 (SA‑CCR method) and no longer using the
“Mark‑to‑market” valuation method.

➤ TABLE 71: BILATERAL COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK EXPOSURES AT DEFAULT BY APPROACH (EU CCR1)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

31 December 2024

In millions of euros

Replacement
cost (RC)

Potential
future
exposure
(PFE)

Alpha used for
computing
regulatory
exposure
value
EEPE(2)

RWA
Exposure
Exposure
value
value
pre‑CRM(3) post‑CRM(3)

Of which
standard Of which IRB
approach
approach

Exposure
value

EU1 EU – Original Exposure
Method (for derivatives)

5

EU2 EU – Simplified SA‑CCR
(for derivatives)
1

SA‑CCR (for derivatives)

2

IMM (for derivatives
and SFTs)(1)

2a
2b

2c

1,199

3,774
94,193

1.40

6,963

6,963

1.55

146,000

6,963

3,158

1,236

1,923

146,000

145,857 31,554

466

31,088

of which securities
financing transactions

45,683

70,808

70,808

70,800

8,100

49

8,051

of which derivatives and
long settlement
transactions

48,510

75,191

75,191

75,058 23,454

417

23,036

3,540

3,540

3,540

156,503

156,503

of which from contractual
cross‑product netting sets

3

Financial collateral simple
method (for SFTs)

4

Financial collateral
comprehensive method
(for SFTs)

5

VaR for SFTs

6

TOTAL

474

156,360 35,186

474

1,702

33,484

(1) Securities Financing Transactions.
(2) Effective Expected Positive Exposure.
(3) Credit Risk Mitigation.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

505

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Counterparty credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

Replacement
cost (RC)

Potential
future
exposure
(PFE)

Alpha used for
computing
regulatory
exposure
value
EEPE(2)

906

3,159

1.40

5,692

5,692

1.55

134,468

g

h

31 December 2023

In millions of euros

RWA
Exposure
Exposure
value
value
pre‑CRM(3) post‑CRM(3)

Of which
standard Of which IRB
approach
approach

Exposure
value

EU1 EU – Original Exposure
Method (for derivatives)
EU2 EU – Simplified SA‑CCR (for
derivatives)
1

SA‑CCR (for derivatives)

2

IMM (for derivatives
and SFTs)(1)

2a
2b

2c

86,754

3,287

1,596

1,691

134,468

134,282 28,904

231

28,674

of which securities
financing transactions

39,703

61,540

61,540

61,535

7,821

53

7,768

of which derivatives and
long settlement
transactions

47,050

72,928

72,928

72,747 21,083

177

20,906

2,943

2,943

2,943

452

168

284

143,103

143,103

142,916 32,643

1,995

30,648

of which from contractual
cross‑product netting sets

3

Financial collateral simple
method (for SFTs)

4

Financial collateral
comprehensive method
(for SFTs)

5

VaR for SFTs

6

TOTAL

(1) Securities Financing Transactions.
(2) Effective Expected Positive Exposure.
(3) Credit Risk Mitigation.

506

5,692

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Counterparty credit risk

5

➤ TABLE 72: IRBA BILATERAL COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK EXPOSURE AT DEFAULT (EU CCR4)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

31 December 2024
EAD

Average PD

Number of obligors

Average LGD

Average
maturity

RWAs

Average RW

0.00 to < 0.15%

26,288

0.01%

100 to 1,000

2%

1

80

0%

0.15 to < 0.25%

52

0.21%

0 to 100

20%

4

14

28%

3

0.25 to < 0.50%

34

0.32%

0 to 100

50%

1

15

45%

4

0.50 to < 0.75%

3

0.69%

0 to 100

31%

-

1

41%

5

0.75 to < 2.50%

1

1.04%

0 to 100

50%

1

1

90%

6

2.50 to < 10.0%

17

4.02%

0 to 100

50%

3

28

169%

7

10 to < 100%

3

21.34%

0 to 100

80%

1

12

426%

8

100% (Default)
26,396

0.02%

2%

1

151

1%

0.00 to < 0.15%

38,925

0.05%

1,000 to 10,000

36%

1

5,179

13%

2

0.15 to < 0.25%

2,534

0.17%

100 to 1,000

41%

1

882

35%

3

0.25 to < 0.50%

852

0.34%

100 to 1,000

49%

1

515

60%

4

0.50 to < 0.75%

149

0.59%

0 to 100

48%

1

122

82%

5

0.75 to < 2.50%

472

1.13%

100 to 1,000

52%

1

581

123%

6

2.50 to < 10.0%

220

2.86%

0 to 100

51%

1

294

133%

7

10 to < 100%

8

21.81%

0 to 100

68%

-

29

380%

8

100% (Default)
43,160

0.09%

37%

1

7,602

18%

0.00 to < 0.15%

67,208

0.05%

1,000 to 10,000

35%

1

12,500

19%

2

0.15 to < 0.25%

6,096

0.19%

1,000 to 10,000

43%

2

2,487

41%

3

0.25 to < 0.50%

5,039

0.41%

1,000 to 10,000

29%

2

2,358

47%

4

0.50 to < 0.75%

569

0.68%

100 to 1,000

43%

2

447

79%

5

0.75 to < 2.50%

3,474

1.48%

1,000 to 10,000

48%

2

3,876

112%

6

2.50 to < 10.0%

1,299

4.36%

1,000 to 10,000

51%

2

2,053

158%

7

10 to < 100%

659

18.31%

100 to 1,000

49%

1

1,500

228%

8

100% (defaults)

416

100.00%

0 to 100

30%

4

511

123%

84,759

0.84%

36%

1

25,731

30%

In millions of euros

1
2

Central governments
or central banks

PD scale

SUB‑TOTAL
1

Institutions

SUB‑TOTAL
1

Corporates

SUB‑TOTAL
Retail

n.s.

n.s.

n.s.

n.s.

n.s.

n.s.

TOTAL

154,315

0.49%

31%

1

33,484

22%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

507

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Counterparty credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

31 December 2023
EAD

Average PD

Number of obligors

Average LGD

Average
maturity

0.00 to < 0.15%

22,702

0.02%

100 to 1,000

2%

2

97

0%

0.15 to < 0.25%

126

0.18%

0 to 100

20%

2

27

22%

3

0.25 to < 0.50%

131

0.30%

0 to 100

50%

-

61

46%

4

0.50 to < 0.75%

1

0.69%

0 to 100

50%

1

1

81%

5

0.75 to < 2.50%

48

1.45%

0 to 100

11%

5

19

40%

6

2.50 to < 10.0%

7

10 to < 100%

14

21.81%

0 to 100

40%

1

36

247%

8

100% (Default)

In millions of euros

1
2

Central governments
or central banks

PD scale

SUB‑TOTAL

Average RW

23,023

0.04%

2%

2

240

1%

0.00 to < 0.15%

39,668

0.05%

1,000 to 10,000

36%

1

4,960

13%

2

0.15 to < 0.25%

2,534

0.17%

100 to 1,000

40%

1

940

37%

3

0.25 to < 0.50%

1,360

0.35%

100 to 1,000

50%

1

710

52%

4

0.50 to < 0.75%

147

0.59%

100 to 1,000

42%

1

93

63%

5

0.75 to < 2.50%

364

1.15%

100 to 1,000

60%

1

438

120%

6

2.50 to < 10.0%

317

3.07%

100 to 1,000

50%

1

414

131%

7

10 to < 100%

16

23.14%

0 to 100

63%

-

58

361%

8

100% (Default)
44,406

0.10%

37%

1

7,612

17%

0.00 to < 0.15%

56,435

0.06%

1,000 to 10,000

31%

1

10,992

19%

2

0.15 to < 0.25%

5,292

0.18%

1,000 to 10,000

39%

2

2,008

38%

3

0.25 to < 0.50%

4,515

0.32%

1,000 to 10,000

37%

2

2,471

55%

4

0.50 to < 0.75%

631

0.69%

100 to 1,000

35%

2

419

66%

5

0.75 to < 2.50%

3,575

1.36%

1,000 to 10,000

46%

1

3,493

98%

6

2.50 to < 10.0%

1,873

4.44%

1,000 to 10,000

47%

2

2,794

149%

7

10 to < 100%

301

17.15%

100 to 1,000

42%

2

619

206%

8

100% (Default)

106

100.00%

0 to 100

43%

2

1

1%

72,727

0.48%

33%

1

22,796

31%

Retail

n.s.

n.s.

n.s.

n.s.

n.s.

n.s.

TOTAL

140,157

0.29%

29%

1

30,648

22%

1

Institutions

SUB‑TOTAL
1

Corporates

SUB‑TOTAL

508

RWAs

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Counterparty credit risk

5

➤ TABLE 73: STANDARDISED BILATERAL COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK EXPOSURE AT DEFAULT (EU CCR3)
a

e

f

h

i

j

l

31 December 2024
EAD
Risk weight
In millions of euros

0%

20%

50%

75%

100%

1

Central governments
or central banks

2; 3; 4; 5; 6

Institutions

295

121

143

7; 9; 10

Corporates

16

100

1,299

8

Retail

2

150%

12

54

2

a

312

e

220

f

2

h

1,455

54

i

j

RWAs

13

12

560

264

1,469

1,425

2

1

2,045

1,702

2

TOTAL

Total

l

31 December 2023
EAD
Risk weight
In millions of euros

0%

1

Central governments
or central banks

2; 3; 4; 5; 6

Institutions

7; 9; 10

Corporates

8

Retail
TOTAL

20%

50%

75%

100%

150%

RWAs

23

15

38

26

648

226

49

922

291

23

203

1,524

1,798

1,676

2

2

2,760

1,995

48

2
-

Total

671

451

2

1,587

48

5

COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK FOR EXPOSURES TO CENTRAL
COUNTERPARTIES ASSOCIATED WITH CLEARING ACTIVITIES
The capital requirements related to central counterparty (CCP)
exposures correspond to an extension of the bilateral counterparty
credit risk perimeter to clearing activities; it covers the cleared part
of the OTC derivatives, repo portfolio as well as the listed derivative
portfolio.

For central counterparties (CCP), Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013
distinguishes qualifying central counterparties (QCCP) from
non‑qualifying
central
counterparties.
Qualifying
central
counterparties correspond to central counterparties authorised or
recognised in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012.

It is equal to the sum of the following three elements:
■ a charge resulting from exposures generated by clearing

activities (proprietary and client clearing);
■ a requirement resulting from the non‑segregated initial margins

posted to the CCP;
■ a requirement resulting from the default fund contribution of

the central counterparties.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

509

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Counterparty credit risk

The table below presents the breakdown of the risk‑weighted assets by method and category of exposure to central counterparties.

➤ TABLE 74: EXPOSURES TO CCPS (EU CCR8)
a

b

a

b

31 December 2024
In millions of euros

1

Exposures to QCCPs (total)

2

Exposures for trades at QCCPs (excluding initial margin
and default fund contributions)

EAD

RWAs

31 December 2023
EAD

4,888

RWAs
3,917

46,086

1,659

33,385

1,720

3

of which OTC derivatives

18,914

399

2,669

126

4

of which exchange‑traded derivatives

20,818

1,132

17,463

1,321

5

of which SFTs(1)

6,354

128

13,252

274

6

of which Netting sets where cross‑product netting
has been approved

7

Segregated initial margin

8

Non‑segregated initial margin

1,439

36

1,968

41

9

Prefunded default fund contributions

9,581

3,193

6,127

2,155

10 Unfunded default fund contributions

23,240

11

Exposures to non‑eligible CCPs

14,115
3,939

3,276

Exposures for trades at non‑QCCPs (excluding initial margin
12 and default fund contributions)

621

621

479

479

13

of which OTC derivatives

229

229

118

118

14

of which exchange‑traded derivatives

373

373

320

320

15

of which SFTs(1)

19

19

41

41

16

of which netting sets where cross‑product netting has been
approved

303

303

82

82

17 Segregated initial margin
18 Non‑segregated initial margin
19 Prefunded default fund contributions

51

641

41

514

20 Unfunded default fund contributions

190

2,374

176

2,202

(1) Securities Financing Transactions.

CVA RISK
The CVA risk measures the risk of losses caused by changes in the
credit valuation adjustments resulting from credit spread changes
associated with the counterparties to whom the Group is exposed
(see paragraph Credit Valuation Adjustments (CVA)).
Using the standardised approach, the capital requirement for credit
valuation adjustment risk (CVA) is calculated according to the
supervisory formula.

510

Using the IRB approach, the CVA risk capital charge is the sum of two
elements:
■ CVA VaR charge, which represents the own funds requirement

measured from a VaR computation on CVA sensitivities to credit
spreads;
■ CVA SVaR charge, which represents the own funds requirement

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

measured from a stressed VaR computation on CVA sensitivities
to credit spreads.

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Counterparty credit risk

5

➤ TABLE 75: CVA RISK CAPITAL CHARGE (EU CCR2)
a

b

a

b

31 December 2024
In millions of euros

1

Advanced approach

2

CVA VaR charge

3

CVA SVaR charge

4

Standardised approach

5

TOTAL

31 December 2023

EAD

RWAs

EAD

RWAs

53,227

3,860

51,629

4,988

590

924

3,271

4,064

416

224

370

200

53,643

4,084

52,000

5,189

Instruments authorised as hedges in the calculation of the capital
requirements for credit valuation adjustment risk form a sub‑set of
the credit derivatives used as hedges by the Global Markets business
in the management of its CVA.

CVA RISK MANAGEMENT
CVA sensitivities to credit spreads are partially offset by the
recognition of hedges. These hedges correspond to credit derivatives
on certain identified counterparties or indices composed of
identifiable counterparties.

COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT
CREDIT RISK MITIGATION TECHNIQUES

statements in note 4.o Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities.

In the context of liquidity management and counterparty credit risk
management, the BNP Paribas Group systematically monitors the
collateral guarantees received and given, for both the portion
hedging the contracts’ market value (variation margin) and the risk
of an adverse change in these market values in the event of a
counterparty default (initial margin). The collateral given and
received used in derivative contracts is mainly comprised of cash,
and to a lesser extent, debt securities. The impact of the collateral
received in clearing contracts is shown in the consolidated financial

As a general rule, when EAD is modelled in EEPE and weighted
according to the IRB approach, the LGD (Loss Given Default) is not
adjusted according to the collateral received since it is already taken
into account in the “Effective Expected Positive Exposure”
computation (see section Bilateral counterparty risk).

5

Collateral guarantees used in the standardised approach to reduce
the EAD totalled EUR 18 million at 31 December 2024, compared
with EUR 690 million at 31 December 2023.

The table below shows the breakdown of the collateral posted and received in respect of initial margins, margin calls as well as amounts in
cash and in securities of repurchase agreements and securities lending and borrowing.

➤ TABLE 76: COMPOSITION OF COLLATERAL GIVEN AND RECEIVED (EU CCR5)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

31 December 2024
Collateral used in SFTs(1)

Collateral used in derivative transactions
In millions of euros

Fair value of collateral received

Fair value of posted collateral

Fair value of collateral received

Fair value of posted collateral

Segregated

Unsegregated

Segregated

Segregated

Segregated

42,909

1,072

33,834

149,910

157,001

18

35,130

731

55,619

433,100

379,241

1 Cash – domestic currency
2 Cash – other currencies
3 Domestic sovereign debt‑euro

Unsegregated

Unsegregated

242

14,613

1,976

34,204

7,984

10,227

1,779

12,152

9

432,990

531

387

375

5

4,676

2,724

6 Corporate bonds

28,903

5,982

2,786

53

114,588

113,820

7 Equity securities

2,474

5

104,077

78,170

1,051

14

4 Other sovereign debt
5 Government agency debt

24,003

194,950

Unsegregated

8 Other collateral
9 TOTAL

40,152

109,253

29,561

138,971

66

1,435,342

158,300
1

1

404,993

1,294,262

(1) Securities Financing Transactions.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

511

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Counterparty credit risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

31 December 2023
Collateral used in SFTs(1)

Collateral used in derivative transactions
In millions of euros

Fair value of collateral received

Fair value of posted collateral

Fair value of collateral received

Fair value of posted collateral

Segregated

Segregated

Segregated

Unsegregated

Segregated

Unsegregated

Unsegregated

Unsegregated

1 Cash – domestic currency

39,307

3,300

49,002

203,858

1,110

173,855

2 Cash – other currencies

38,320

1,337

33,703

287,443

15

262,674

216

14,346

15,984

12,851

206,202

4,108

189,108

6,707

6,735

2,317

6,109

370,802

147

306,124

112

410

6 Corporate bonds

26,027

4,847

7 Equity securities

125

13
14

3 Domestic sovereign debt‑euro
4 Other sovereign debt
5 Government agency debt

8 Other collateral
9 TOTAL

33,186

6

317
23,365

103,992

46,303

2,128

2

104,110

7

3,160

3,045

94,165

125,513

94,989

51,914

6,261

16,332

1,266,880

5,379

1,128,565

(1) Securities Financing Transactions.

The amount of additional collateral to be provided by the Group in the event of a credit rating downgrade is not significant.

CREDIT DERIVATIVE EXPOSURES
The following table summarises all the notional amounts and market values of the trading portfolio credit derivatives.

➤ TABLE 77: CREDIT DERIVATIVES EXPOSURES (EU CCR6)
a

b

a

b

31 December 2024
Protection bought

Protection sold

Protection bought

6

Notionals

450,679

449,954

455,307

369,046

1

Single‑name credit default swaps

195,235

196,063

186,611

154,081

2

Index credit default swaps

242,428

230,001

223,602

177,977

3

Total return swaps

7,421

23,265

10,647

5,426

4

Credit options

539

625

31,396

31,562

5

Other credit derivatives

5,055

Fair values

(8,571)

In millions of euros

512

31 December 2023

8,254

Protection sold

3,051

-

(8,348)

6,455

7

Positive fair value (asset)

1,279

9,531

953

7,536

8

Negative fair value (liability)

(9,850)

(1,277)

(9,301)

(1,081)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Counterparty credit risk

5

CAPITAL REQUIREMENT AND RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS
➤ TABLE 78: COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK CAPITAL REQUIREMENT AND RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS
RWAs
In millions of euros

Capital requirements

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Variation

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Variation

Bilateral counterparty credit risk

34,712

32,191

2,521

2,777

2,575

202

Exposure to CCP related to clearing activities(1)

8,827

7,193

1,634

706

575

131

CVA risk

4,084

5,189

(1,105)

327

415

(88)

Others (general method based on financial collateral)
TOTAL

474

452

22

38

36

2

48,097

45,025

3,072

3,848

3,602

246

(1) Counterparty credit risk related to clearing activities.

➤ TABLE 79: COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RWA MOVEMENTS BY KEY DRIVER (EU CCR7)
➤ 4th quarter 2024
a

RWAs – Counterparty credit risk
In millions of euros

Total

Capital requirements – Counterparty credit risk

of which internal model method
(IMM)(1)

Total

of which internal model method
(IMM)

1

30 September 2024

47,983

32,616

3,839

2,609

2

Asset size

(293)

(1,413)

(23)

(113)

3

Asset quality

636

500

51

40

4

Model update

(454)

(454)

(36)

(36)

5

Methodology and policy

6

Acquisitions and disposals

7

Currency

92

76

7

6

8

Other

132

228

11

18

9

31 DECEMBER 2024

48,097

31,554

3,848

2,524

5

(1) Internal model method related to bilateral counterparty model (excluded CCP clearing).

➤ Year to 31 December 2024
a

RWAs – Counterparty credit risk
In millions of euros

1

31 December 2023

2

Asset size

Capital Requirements – Counterparty credit risk

Total

of which internal model method
(IMM)(1)

Total

of which internal model method
(IMM)

45,025

28,904

3,602

2,312

564

(695)

45

(56)

3

Asset quality

1,509

1,541

121

123

4

Model update

1,762

1,640

141

131

5

Methodology and policy
48

46

4

4

6

Acquisitions and disposals

7

Currency

8

Other

(810)

118

(65)

9

9

31 DECEMBER 2024

48,097

31,554

3,848

2,524

(1) Internal model method related to bilateral counterparty model (excluded CCP clearing).

The change in counterparty risk‑weighted assets in 2024 is explained by a EUR 2.4 billion in risk‑weighted assets related to the business and an
increase of EUR 1.8 billion related to updating the models, offset by a -EUR 1.1 billion reduction in CVA.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

513

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

5.7 Market risk
Market risk is the risk of incurring a loss of value due to adverse
trends in market prices or parameters, whether directly
observable or not.
Observable market parameters include, but are not limited to,
exchange rates, prices of securities and commodities (whether
listed or obtained by reference to a similar asset), prices of
derivatives, and other parameters that can be directly inferred
from them, such as interest rates, credit spreads, volatilities and
implied correlations or other similar parameters.
Non‑observable factors are those based on working assumptions
such as parameters contained in models or based on statistical
or economic analyses, non‑ascertainable in the market.

In fixed‑income trading books, credit instruments are valued on
the basis of bond yields and credit spreads, which represent
market parameters in the same way as interest rates or foreign
exchange rates. The credit risk arising on the issuer of the debt
instrument is therefore a component of market risk known as
issuer risk.
Liquidity is an important component of market risk. In times of
limited or no liquidity, instruments or goods may not be tradable
or may not be tradable at their estimated value. This may arise,
for example, due to low transaction volumes, legal restrictions or
a strong imbalance between demand and supply for certain
assets.
The market risk related to banking activities encompasses the
interest rate and foreign exchange risks stemming from banking
intermediation activities.

Market risk is presented in this section in two parts:
■ market risk linked to trading activities and corresponding to trading instruments and derivative contracts;
■ market risk linked to banking activities encompassing the interest rate and foreign exchange risks stemming from banking

intermediation activities.

CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS AND RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS
➤ TABLE 80: MARKET RISK CAPITAL REQUIREMENT AND RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS
RWAs
In millions of euros

Capital requirements

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Variation

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Variation

Internal model approach

20,155

19,015

1,140

1,612

1,521

91

Standardised approach

7,175

8,979

(1,804)

574

718

(144)

793

789

4

63

63

28,123

28,783

(660)

2,250

2,303

Trading book securitisation positions
TOTAL

(53)

Within the BNP Paribas Group, market risk is primarily handled using the internal model approach.
At 31 December 2024, the -EUR 0.7 billion euro decrease in market risk‑weighted assets was mainly due to a -EUR 1.8 billion in foreign
exchange risk and - EUR 0.8 billion in IRC, partly offset by a +EUR 1.2 billion increase of Stressed Var and +EUR 0.5 billion increase of VaR as a
result of business development.

514

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

5

➤ TABLE 81: MARKET RISK UNDER THE INTERNAL MODEL APPROACH (EU MR2‑A)
a

In millions of euros

1

VaR(1) (higher of values 1.a and 1.b)

b

a

b

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

RWAs Capital requirements

RWAs Capital requirements

4,675

4,134

374

331

1.a Previous day’s VaR (VaRt‑1)

132

116

Average of the daily VaR on each of the preceding 60 business days
1.b x multiplication factor

374

331

2

SVaR(1) (higher of values 2.a and 2.b)

10,214

817

9,050

724

2.a Latest SVaR

285

229

Average of the daily SVaR during the preceding 60 business days
2.b x multiplication factor

817

724

3

IRC(1)(2) (higher of values 3.a and 3.b)

4,410

353

5,170

414

3.a Last measure

310

346

3.b Average of the IRC number over the preceding 12 weeks

353

414

4

CRM(3) (higher of values 4.a, 4.b and 4.c)

856

68

661

53

4.a Last measure

31

15

4.b Average of the CRM over the preceding 12 weeks

44

33

8% of the capital requirement in the standardised approach
4.c on the most recent CRM for the correlation trading portfolio

68

53

6

TOTAL

20,155

1,612

19,015

5

1,521

(1) VaR, SVaR and IRC include all the components taken into account in the calculation of RWA.
(2) Incremental Risk Charge.
(3) Comprehensive Risk Measure.

The market risk calculated using the standardised approach covers
the market risk of some entities of the Group that are not covered by
internal models. The standardised approach is used to calculate

foreign exchange risk and raw materials risk for the banking book
(see section 5.7 Market risk related to banking activities).

➤ TABLE 82: MARKET RISK UNDER THE STANDARDISED APPROACH (EU MR1)
a

a

31 December 2024
In millions of euros

31 December 2023

RWAs

Capital
requirements

RWAs

Capital
requirements

402

32

405

32

1

0

Outright products
1

Interest rate risk (general and specific)

2

Equity risk (general and specific)

3

Foreign exchange risk

4

Commodity risk

6,757

541

8,568

685

0

0

0

0

Options
5

Simplified approach

6

Delta‑plus approach

7

Scenario approach

17

1

5

0

8

Securitisation (specific risk)

793

63

789

63

9

TOTAL

7,968

637

9,768

781

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

515

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

➤ TABLE 83: MARKET RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS MOVEMENTS BY KEY DRIVER (EU MR2‑B)
➤ 4th quarter 2024

a
In millions of euros

b

c

d

e

f

g

VaR

SVaR

IRC(1)

CRM(2)

Standardised
approach

Total RWAs

Total capital
requirements

1

30 September 2024

4,519

9,909

6,373

754

7,567

29,122

2,330

2

Asset size and quality

158

311

(1,963)

102

100

(1,292)

(103)

3

Model update

4

Methodology and policy

5

Acquisitions and disposals

6

Currency

7

Other

(3)

(6)

301

293

23

8

31 DECEMBER 2024

4,675

10,214

856

7,968

28,123

2,250

Total RWAs

Total capital
requirements

4,410

(1) Incremental Risk Charge.
(2) Comprehensive Risk Measure.

➤ Year to 31 December 2024

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

VaR

SVaR

IRC(1)

CRM(2)

Standardised
approach

31 December 2023

4,134

9,050

5,170

661

9,768

28,783

2,303

2. Asset size and quality

537

1,158

(760)

195

120

1,250

100

(144)

(144)

(11)

(1,776)

(1,766)

(141)

7,968

28,123

2,250

In millions of euros

1

3

Model update

4

Methodology and policy

5

Acquisitions and disposals

6

Currency

7

Other

8

31 DECEMBER 2024

4

7

4,675

10,214

4,410

856

(1) Incremental Risk Charge.
(2) Comprehensive Risk Measure.

The change in market risk‑weighted assets in 2024 is explained mainly by an decrease of -EUR 1.8 billion in foreign exchange and a -EUR
0.8 billion of IRC, partly offset by an increase of +EUR 1.2 billion in Stressed Var and +EUR 0.5 billion in VaR due to business development.

516

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

5

MARKET RISK RELATED TO TRADING ACTIVITIES
INTRODUCTION
Market risk arises mainly from trading activities carried out within
Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB), mainly within Global
Markets and encompasses different risk factors defined as follows:
■ interest rate risk is the risk that the value of a financial

instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market interest
rates;
■ foreign exchange risk is the risk that the value of an instrument

will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates;
■ equity risk arises from changes in the market prices and

volatilities of equity shares and/or equity indices;
■ commodities risk arises from changes in the market prices and

volatilities of commodities and/or commodity indices;
■ credit spread risk arises from the change in the credit quality of

an issuer and is reflected in changes in the cost of purchasing
protection on that issuer;
■ option products carry by nature volatility and correlation risks,

for which risk parameters can be derived from option market
prices observed in an active market.
Trading activities at BNP Paribas are directly related to economic
relations with business line customers, or indirectly as part of
market‑making activities.

MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT ORGANISATION
The market risk management system aims to track and control
market risks as well as control financial instrument valuation whilst
ensuring that the control functions remain totally independent from
the business lines.
Within RISK, three departments are responsible for monitoring
market risk:
■ RISK Markets and Financial Institutions (RISK MFI) covers

Global Markets and Securities Services activities;
■ RISK ALM‑T covers ALM‑Treasury activities;
■ RISK Commercial, Personal Banking & Services (RISK CPBS)

covers Domestic Markets and Europe‑Mediterranean activities.
This mission consists of defining, measuring and analysing risk
factors and sensitivities, as well as measuring and controlling Value
at Risk (VaR), the global indicator of potential losses. RISK ensures
that all business activity complies with the limits approved by the
various committees and approves new activities and major
transactions, reviews and approves position valuation models and
conducts a monthly review of market parameters (MAP review) in
association with the Valuation and Risk Control Department (V&RC).

Market Risk and financial instrument valuation monitoring is
structured around several formal committees:
■ the Financial Market Risk Committee (FMRC) is the main

committee governing the risks related to Capital Market
activities. It is responsible for addressing, in a coherent manner,
the issues related to market and counterparty risk. The FMRC
follows the evolution of the main exposures and stress risk and
sets the high level trading limits. The committee meets
approximately monthly. It is chaired by either the Group Chief
Executive Officer or by a Bank’s Deputy Chief Operating Officer;
■ the Product and Financial Control Committee (PFC) is the

arbitration and pricing decision‑making committee regarding
financial instrument valuation matters. The committee meets
quarterly and discusses the conclusions of the CIB Financial
Control teams and their work to enhance control effectiveness
and the reliability of the measurement and recognition of the
results of market transactions. It is chaired by the Group Chief
Financial Officer and brings together the directors of Finance &
Strategy – Accounting, Corporate & Institutional Banking and
RISK;
■ at business line level, the Valuation Review Committee (VRC)

meets monthly to examine and approve the results of Market
parameters review (MAP review) and any changes in reserves.
The Valuation Review Committee also acts as the referee in any
disagreements between trading and control functions. The
committee is chaired by the Senior Trader and other members
include representatives from trading, RISK, the CIB Valuation
and Risk Control Group (V&RC) team, and Finance & Strategy.
Any disagreement is escalated to the PFC;

5

■ the Valuation Methodology Committee (VMC) meets quarterly

per business line to monitor model approvals and reviews,
follow up relevant recommendations and present model
governance improvements. This committee is chaired by RISK
MFI and includes representatives from trading, research, and
the valuation and risk control (V&RC) team of CIB and Finance &
Strategy. Any disagreement can be escalated to the PFC, which
can make an arbitrage decision.
As part of BCBS 239 Principles for effective risk data aggregation and
risk reporting by the Basel Committee, a quarterly reconciliation
process ensures that the entire trading portfolio of Front Office
systems is correctly represented in the Group’s RISK and Finance &
Strategy systems, and in particular:
■ that the dividing line between trading activities and banking

activities is observed;
■ that the internal market risk model is exhaustive: each portfolio

and entity generating market risk relating to trading activities
corresponds to a capital requirement.
This quarterly process is structured around the Effective Coverage of
Portfolios Committee (EC) which validates the reconciliation results
and any corrective and prevention actions undertaken subsequent to
any discrepancies observed.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

517

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

VALUATION CONTROL
Financial instruments in the prudential trading book are valued and
reported at market or model value through P&L, in compliance with
applicable accounting standards. Such can also be the case of
financial instruments classified in the banking book.

The independent control of the valuation models falls under the
responsibility of RISK and includes:
■ model validation, by which a formal decision to approve or

reject a model is taken, including following any modification of
the valuation methodology called a “Valuation Model Event”. In
all cases, the approval decisions are taken by a senior RISK
analyst during a specific VMC. The review required by the
validation process can be fast track or comprehensive; in the
latter case, the reasons and conditions for approval are detailed
in a model approval document;

Portfolio valuation control is described in the Charter of
Responsibility for Valuation, which sets out the division of
responsibilities. These governance policies and practices also apply
to all ALM Treasury activities.
In addition to the charter, the relevant valuation controls are
detailed in specific policies. The main processes that together form
the valuation control governance mechanism are set out below.

■ the review of models can be conducted at inception (linked to

approval) or during the life of a model (re‑calibration); it
consists of an examination of the suitability of the model used
to value certain products in the context of a given market
environment;

Transaction accounting control
This control is under the responsibility of middle‑office teams.
However, the most complex transactions are controlled by RISK.

Market Parameter (MAP) review –
Independent Price Verification
Price verification is managed jointly by Valuation and Risk Control
(V&RC) and RISK. Daily controls are performed on the most liquid
parameters and a comprehensive and formal review of all the
market parameters is performed at month end. The types of
parameters controlled by V&RC are listed precisely; these are
essentially the parameters for which an automatic control against
external sources can be implemented (security prices, vanilla
parameters); this may include the use of consensus price services.
RISK is in charge of controlling valuation methodologies as well as
the most complex parameters that are very dependent on the choice
of models.
The general principles of the Market Parameter review are described
in the Charter of Responsibility for Valuation as well as specialised
global policies such as the Global Marking and Independent Price
Verification Policy and MAP Review Principles. The specific
methodologies are described in documents known as the MAP Books
organised by product lines and regularly updated. The
responsibilities of RISK and V&RC are defined for each point in time
and the conclusions of the Market Parameter reviews are
documented in the MAP review finding documents.
The outcome of the Market parameter review is the estimation of
valuation adjustments communicated to the middle‑office, which
enters it in the accounting records. The results are communicated to
the Trading management during the Valuation Review Committees.
The opinion of the control functions prevails, however, significant
and persistent disagreement can be escalated to the PFC.

Model Approval and Reviews
The governance of model controls is described in the Valuation
Methodology Control Policy (VMCP).

■ the control of the use and implementation of models, consists

of continuous control of the correct parameterisation and
configuration of the models as well as their suitability for the
relevant products.

Reserve and other valuation adjustments
RISK defines and calculates “reserves”. These are adjustments to the
market or model value affecting both the accounting valuation and
regulatory capital. They can be considered either as the exit cost of a
position or as a premium for risks that cannot be diversified or
hedged, as appropriate.
The reserves primarily cover:
■ the bid‑offer spreads and liquidity risk;
■ the model or market parameters uncertainties;
■ the reduction of non‑hedgeable risks (smoothing digital or

barrier pay‑offs).
A general valuation adjustment policy exists. Reserve methodologies
are documented by RISK for each product line and these
documentations are updated regularly. The analysis of reserve
variations is reported at the monthly VRC.
Reserve methodologies are improved regularly and any change is a
Valuation Model Event. Reserve improvements are generally
motivated by the conclusion of a model review or by the calibration
to market information during the Market parameter review process.
Additional Valuation Adjustments (AVA) are calculated in accordance
with the Commission delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/101.
This delegated regulation supplements the requirements of
article 105 of the CRR with regard to regulatory technical standards
for prudent valuation of financial instruments in the trading
portfolio. It specifies that the scope of application of these
requirements covers all instruments measured according to
article 34 of the CRR, based on the proportion of the accounting
valuation change that impacts Tier 1 capital.

Front office quantitative analysts design and propose the
methodologies used to value the product and measure the risks that
are used to take trading decisions. The research team and IT are
responsible for the implementation of these models in the systems.

518

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

The regulatory technical standards set out the definitions and a
framework for measurement and control for the elements of
valuation uncertainty that must be considered when determining a
prudent valuation under article 105. The standard also sets a target
level of valuation certainty: the Bank must be 90% confident that it
could liquidate the instrument at a better price than the prudent
valuation.
To apply these requirements, the first step is to define Prudent
Valuation Adjustments (PVA). These adjustments correspond to the
different types of risks and costs that could lead to exit costs,
relative to the mid‑market value (or the expected value). The main
categories are the liquidation cost, the risk related to uncertainties
regarding market prices, concentration risk and valuation model risk.
PVAs are calculated for each exposure on a granular level.
Based on these PVAs and for each exposure and risk type,
BNP Paribas calculates the AVA (Additional Valuation Adjustments)
that may be necessary, in addition to the reserves already taken into
account in the valuation for the same exposure and risk type, to
achieve the target valuation certainty level.
For some types of risk, the calculation of AVAs includes a
diversification effect. This reflects the fact that the amount of the
additional adjustments that are necessary with respect to all
positions are less than the sum of the additional adjustments that
may be required for the positions or risks taken individually.
The AVA amounts are deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital.

Day One profit or loss

5

Risk monitoring set up and limit setting
The Group uses an integrated system to follow the trading positions
on a daily basis and manage VaR calculations. This system not only
tracks the VaR, but also detailed positions and sensitivities to market
parameters based on various criteria (such as by currency, product,
counterparty). This system is also configured to include trading
limits, reserves and stress tests.
Responsibility for limit setting and monitoring is delegated at three
levels, which are, in order of decreasing importance: FMRC, followed
by the Head of the business line and finally the manager of a trading
portfolio. Limits may be changed either temporarily or permanently,
in accordance with the level of delegation and the prevailing
procedures. Appropriate escalation mechanisms are in place to
ensure that the independent view from the RISK Function on the
level of limits is heard.

Core risk analysis and reporting to Executive
Management
RISK reports, through various risk analyses and dashboards, to
Executive Management and business lines’ Senior Management on
its risk analysis work (limit, VaR monitoring, core risk analysis, etc.).
The reporting and diffusion of the main summary reports on risk are
carried out by the MFI MI (Markets and Financial Institutions Management Information) team within RISK.
The following reports are generated on a regular basis:
■ weekly “Main Position” reports for each business line (equity

Some transactions are valued with non‑observable parameters.
Accounting norms require the recognition of any Day One P&L where
these parameters are used. The deferred net margin on reserves is
recognised through profit or loss in proportion to the anticipated
duration of the transaction or the period for which the inputs will be
non‑observable.
RISK works with Finance, middle‑offices, and business lines on the
process of identifying and handling these profit and loss items, in
order to determine whether a type of parameter or transaction is
observable or not in accordance with the observability rules, which
are moreover duly documented and approved in the Valuation
Methodology Committee.
The P&L impact of the P&L deferral is calculated by the middle‑office
or the Finance teams, according to the scope.
The accounting treatment of the deferred margin is explained in
note 1.f.10 Determination of fair value to the consolidated financial
statements.

MARKET RISK EXPOSURE
Market risk is first analysed by systematically measuring portfolio
sensitivity to various market parameters. The results of these
sensitivity analyses are compiled at various aggregate position levels
and compared with market limits.

5

derivatives, commodities, credit G10 rates and FX & Local
Markets), summarising all positions and highlighting items
needing particular attention; these reports are mainly intended
for business line managers;
■ monthly local “bottom‑up” stress testing reports for Executive

Management identifying key risk concentrations around the
globe;
■ supporting documentation for the FMRC comprising markets

and risk event summaries, global counterparty exposure
summary, VaR/Stressed VaR evolution, market and counterparty
risk stress testing and capital evolution summaries, market and
counterparty risk backtesting;
■ geographical and global risk dashboards;
■ reports on valuation adjustments in the trading book, in

particular regarding market and CVA sensitivities.

VaR (Value at Risk) [Audited]
The VaR is a statistical measure indicating the worst loss expected
for a given portfolio over a given time horizon and within a given
confidence interval under normal market movements. It is not a
maximum loss and it can potentially be exceeded in some cases, for
example in the event of abnormal market conditions.
The BNP Paribas VaR calculation uses an internal model which has
been approved by the banking supervisor. The BNP Paribas VaR
methodology aims to accurately compute a one‑day Value at Risk at
the 99% confidence level.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

519

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

The VaR calculation is based on a Monte‑Carlo approach, which not
only performs normal or log‑normal simulations but also accounts
for the non‑normality often observed in financial markets as well as
correlation between risk factors. An equally weighted one‑year
rolling window of historical market data (updated fortnightly) is used
to calibrate the Monte‑Carlo simulation.

The scope of the BNP Paribas internal model covers the majority of
capital market activities (Global Markets, ALM Treasury). As an
indication, market risk based on the standardised approach
(excluding securitisation positions in the trading book) represented
less than 5% of the total market risk capital requirement at
31 December 2023, including foreign exchange risk.

The principal groups of simulated factors include: interest rates,
credit spreads, exchange rates, equity prices, commodities prices,
and associated volatilities. Changes in risk factors are proportional
(share prices, volatility, CDS spreads) or absolute (rates excluding
OIS, spreads, repo rates, correlations).

VaR is a statistical measure that does not take into account losses
outside a given confidence interval and does not apply to losses
related to intraday market movements. Other risk measures, such as
Stressed VaR (SVaR), IRC and CRM, complement the BNP Paribas
Group’s market risk monitoring and management system.

The valuation method used varies depending not upon the product
but upon the type of risk we are capturing. To generalise, the
methods used are either sensitivity based or full revaluation based
on grid interpolation to incorporate both linear and, especially for
derivatives, non‑linear effects. In both cases, BNP Paribas calculates
the general and specific risk as a whole, taking into account the
diversification effect by correlating market parameters.

Evolution of the VaR (1‑day, 99%) [Audited]

The algorithms, methodologies and sets of indicators are reviewed
and improved regularly to take into account the capital market
evolution.

In 2024, total average VaR for BNP Paribas was EUR 32 million (with
a minimum of EUR 24 million and a maximum of EUR 45 million),
after taking into account the -EUR 38 million netting effect between
the different types of risks. These amounts break down as follows:

The VaR set out below are calculated from an internal model, which
uses parameters that comply with regulations in place. They
correspond to measurements taken into account within the
framework of monitoring market limits. They are based on a one‑day
time horizon and a 99% confidence interval.

➤ TABLE 84: VALUE AT RISK (1‑DAY, 99%) [Audited]
Year to 2024

Year to 2023

Minimum(1)

Average

Maximum(1)

Last measure

Average

Last measure

Interest rate risk

15

26

46

25

28

31

Credit risk

7

11

17

10

11

9

In millions of euros

Foreign exchange risk

4

9

18

9

10

7

Equity price risk

10

16

28

25

14

11

Commodity price risk

5

8

15

10

7

5

(45)

(39)

(30)

33

31

33

Netting effect(1)
TOTAL VALUE AT RISK

(38)
24

32

45

(1) Note that the minimum and maximum figures shown above for the various risk types are computed on a standalone basis (i.e. independently from each other as well
as the total VaR). While the minimum or maximum for each risk type may not necessarily be observed on the same date, minimum/maximum netting effects are not
considered relevant.

520

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

5

Quarterly change in VaR
➤ FIGURE 11: QUARTERLY CHANGE IN VAR (1‑DAY, 99%)
54

55

5

10

15 46 45
43

42
3

6

43 43
6

5

6

12

9

37
13
13
24
8
14 35
34
36
14 20
24
31
4 35 33 4
6 28 31
33 33
32
3 4
35
29 28
7 5 31
11 19
9 31
24
4
15
4
13
18
15
15
26
24
4
27
9
14
8
21 17
27
17
26
8 9
5
14
16
25
4
14
25
22
24
15
5
20
22
23
10
4
7 23
7 8
4
3
13
4 3
17
9 4
12
7 19 36
8
21 22 17
17
4
8
6
6
8
20
11
12
7
12
8 2
35
14 15
10
32
17
18 18
16 14
6 8
30 32
13
30
31
11 12 16 14
25 27
11
23
26 22
9
24
23 20 21
23 24
26
19 18
20 23
18
16 15
16 19 19
19
19 21
16
17 16
33
19

17 17 17 15 16 18
14 16

-40 -40 -40 -41 -40 -39
-50

21 19 19

17 14 14
11 13 13 14 11 12 10 12

-35
-42

-47 -50

-51 -51

-45

9

-30 -28 -30 -30 -28 -29 -32 -26

9

-23

18
4
16

23

24 20 23

13 12 14

-28

34
33

12 11

-30 -33

-39

-44 -42
-59

-52 -53

-33

9

8

34

17 11
19
9
5
14

7

7

12

9

9
15

23 24

32

33 33 31

33
7
10

14
15 18

12

36
28
7
9

6
7
13

31

8

31
7

11
9

11 10
20
15 16

11

26 27

30

33

32
24

23 22 26

11 11 13 11 13
10 11 11 11 11 10

-39 -36 -38

-44 -42 -41 -43

-37

-35 -34

-38

-35
-44

-58

5
Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4
13 13 13 14 14 14 14 15 15 15 15 16 16 16 16 17 17 17 17 18 18 18 18 19 19 19 19 20 20 20 20 21 21 21 21 22 22 22 22 23 23 23 23 24 24 24 24

Commodities

Forex

Equities

Interest rates

The VaR (1 day, 99%) stood at a low level throughout 2024 thanks to
prudent management.

Backtesting the VaR
RISK continuously tests the accuracy of its internal model through a
variety of techniques, including in particular a regular comparison
over a long‑term horizon between actual daily losses on capital
market transactions and one‑day VaR.
This backtesting consists of making a comparison between the daily
global trading book VaR and the actual result except fees and
commissions. In accordance with the regulation, BNP Paribas

Credit

Netting

supplements this “actual backtesting” method with a comparison
between the daily VaR and the hypothetical result generated by the
trading book, which is also known as “hypothetical backtesting”. The
hypothetical result includes all components of the actual result,
calculated on the previous day’s positions, only incorporating
changes in market parameters. A backtesting event is declared when
a real or hypothetical loss exceeds the daily VaR amount. The
confidence interval selected for calculating daily VaR is 99%, which
in theory means the observation of two to three events per year.
The number of events is calculated at least quarterly and is equal to
the highest of the number of excesses for the hypothetical and
actual variations in the portfolio value.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

521

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

➤ FIGURE 12: COMPARISON BETWEEN VAR (1‑DAY, 99%) AND DAILY TRADING REVENUE (EU MR4)
In millions of euros
120

Daily hypothetical trading revenues
Daily actual trading revenues
VaR (1-day, 99%)

100
80
60
40
20
0
-20
-40
-60

January
2024

February
2024

March
2024

April
2024

May
2024

June
2024

July
2024

August
2024

September
2024

October
2024

November December
2024
2024

In 2024, no Group backtesting event was found.

Distribution of daily revenue
The following histogram presents the distribution of the actual daily trading revenue of BNP Paribas, including intra‑day revenues, fees and
commissions. It indicates the numbers of trading days during which the revenue reached each of the levels marked on the x axis, in millions of
euros.

➤ FIGURE 13: DISTRIBUTION OF ACTUAL DAILY TRADING REVENUE
In trading days

Frequency

80
70
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
Less than -30 to -20 -20 to -10 -10 to 0
-30

0 to 10

10 to 20

20 to 30

30 to 40

40 to 50

50 to 60

60 to 70

70 to 80

Trading activities generated an actual positive result for 99% of the trading days in 2024 (versus 99% in 2023).

522

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

80 to 90 More than
90

Actual
income
in millions
of euros

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

Evolution of the VaR (10‑day, 99%)
The VaR set out below are calculated from an internal model, which
uses parameters that comply with the method recommended by the
Basel Committee for determining estimated Value at Risk. They
correspond to measurements taken into account within the
framework of monitoring market limits. These are based on a
ten‑day time horizon and a 99% confidence interval, extrapolated
from 1‑day VaR amounts with the same confidence interval, by
multiplying by a factor equal to the square root of ten.

5

In 2024, total average VaR (10‑day, 99%) for BNP Paribas is EUR 102
million (with a minimum of EUR 77 million and a maximum of
EUR 142 million), after taking into account the -EUR 119 million
netting effect between the different types of risks. These amounts
break down as follows:

➤ TABLE 85: VALUE AT RISK (10‑DAY, 99%)
Year to 2024
(1)

Minimum

Interest rate risk
Credit risk

In millions of euros

Year to 2023

Average

(1)

Maximum

Last measure

Average

Last measure

48

83

144

78

90

98

22

34

53

31

36

29

Foreign exchange risk

11

28

58

28

31

22

Equity price risk

31

51

89

78

43

35

Commodity price risk

15

25

48

32

22

16

(143)

(123)

(95)

103

99

105

Netting effect(1)
TOTAL VALUE AT RISK

(119)
77

102

142

(1) Note that the minimum and maximum figures shown above for the various risk types are computed on a standalone basis (i.e. independently from each other as well
as the total VaR). While the minimum or maximum for each risk type may not necessarily be observed on the same date, minimum/maximum netting effects are not
considered relevant.

Stressed VaR
Stressed VaR is calibrated over a specified full twelve‑month period,
including a crisis period. This period applies across the Group, which
must have comprehensive market data to calculate the risk
measurements and remain relevant when applied to the current
trading book. An expert committee reviews the period on a quarterly
basis in accordance with a quantitatively informed approach among
the three scenarios that generate the maximum stressed risk
measures.

5

BNP Paribas uses the same calculation method as for calculating
VaR, with market parameters determined based on this reference
period.
The SVaRs presented below are based on a one‑day time horizon and
a 99% confidence interval and correspond to measurements taken
into account within the framework of monitoring market limits.
SVaR (1‑day, 99%) remained relatively stable in 2024 with a slight
decrease in the average to EUR 233 million. Le niveau global est lié
aux activités des marchés des actions et de crédit.

The current reference period for calibrating stressed VaR is from
3 January 2008 to 31 December 2008.

➤ TABLE 86: STRESSED VALUE AT RISK (1‑DAY, 99%)
Year to 2024
In millions of euros

Stressed Value at Risk

Year to 2023

Minimum

Average

Maximum

Last measure

Average

Last measure

56

74

106

80

75

70

Incremental Risk Charge (IRC)
The IRC approach measures losses due to default and ratings
migration at the 99.9% confidence interval (i.e. the maximum loss
incurred after eliminating the 0.1% worst events) over a capital of
one year, assuming a constant level of risk. The scope to which IRC
applies mainly includes plain vanilla credit products (bonds and
CDS, excluding securitised products) from the trading book.

The calculation of IRC is based on the assumption of a constant level
of risk over the one‑year capital horizon, implying that the trading
positions or sets of positions must be rebalanced during the one‑year
horizon in a manner that maintains the initial risk level. Positions
that have reached maturity or are in default are thus rolled over at
the beginning of the liquidity horizon.
The model, developed internally, is built around a rating‑based
simulation for each obligor, which captures both the risk of the
default as well as the risk of rating migration. The dependency
between debtors is integrated into a multi‑factor asset return model,
resulting in the rating migration, potential default and changes in
credit spreads.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

523

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

The performance of each debtor depends on four factors:
■ a specific factor;
■ three

systemic factors including one global factor, one
geographical factor among three regions and one sector factor
among twelve, one of which is dedicated to sovereign entities.

The model is calibrated quarterly over the period from 1 February
2010 to the end of the quarter preceding the calculation date based
on the CDS spread data series, and the price of corporate and
institutional shares.
The simulated returns are used to calculate the probability of
change in rating – which is assigned to a credit rating scenario, then
a credit spread – and to define a price variation grid associated with
each debtor within a credit rating scenario. Positions that can be
broken down by debtor are thus valued in the various simulated
scenarios. Non‑linear products such as credit index options are
revalued directly.
IRC was up, with an average of EUR 446 million in 2024. This
increase is linked to the increase in the risk of positions in European
and US credit index options. The year‑end level was EUR 272 million
after a significant decrease in September 2024 thanks to active
protection management.

Comprehensive Risk Measure (CRM)
for credit correlation portfolio
CRM is an additional capital charge to the IRC which applies to the
credit correlation portfolio (excluding securitisation products) from
the trading book. It measures potential losses from a variety of
specific price change risks (spread, correlation, recovery, credit
migration, etc.) at the 99.9% confidence interval (i.e. the maximum
loss incurred after eliminating the 0.1% worst events) over a capital
and liquidity horizon or rebalancing frequency of one year, assuming
a constant level of risk over this horizon.
The corporate correlation activity is an activity that consists of
trading and risk managing mainly bespoke corporate CDOs and their
hedges using single name CDS, CDS indices and index tranches. This
activity falls under the structured credit activity trading within the
Global Credit business line of Global Markets.
The valuation framework uses both market observable prices
(particularly used for CDS, index and index tranches) and data
established based on models for the implicit correlations and
recovery rates, the same model of returns and dependency between
debtors, similar to that used for the IRC. The calibration is carried
out on an annual basis. The correlation portfolio comprises complex
non‑linear products. Each product is revalued directly in the various
simulated scenarios.

Summary of measures taken into account within the framework of monitoring market limits
➤ TABLE 87: IMA VALUES FOR TRADING PORTFOLIOS (EU MR3)
a
In millions of euros

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

VaR (10 days, 99%)
1

Maximum value

142

141

2

Average value

102

99

3

Minimum value

77

71

4

Period end

103

105

SVaR (10 days, 99%)
5

Maximum value

335

358

6

Average value

233

239

7

Minimum value

176

190

8

Period end

251

221

(1)

IRC

(99.9%)

9

Maximum value

671

594

10

Average value

446

288

11

Minimum value

232

154

12

Period end

272

324

(2)

CRM

(99.9%)

13

Maximum value

113

82

14

Average value

51

42

15

Minimum value

(8)

0

16

Period end

31

15

(1) Incremental Risk Charge.
(2) Comprehensive Risk Measure.

524

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

Securitisation positions in trading book
outside correlation portfolio

5

For ABS positions outside the correlation book, the standardised
capital charge applies (as per the standard method for banking
books). The capital requirements are determined on the basis of the
asset’s external rating. The capital calculation is based on the
second‑worst rating of the three rating agencies.

For securitisation positions treated as financial assets at fair value
for accounting purposes, changes in market value, except accrued
interest on fixed‑income securities, are recognised in the profit and
loss account under “Net gain/loss on financial instruments at fair
value through profit or loss”.

➤ TABLE 88: BREAKDOWN OF TRADING BOOK SECURITISATION POSITIONS OUTSIDE CORRELATION BOOK BY ASSET
TYPE (EU SEC2)

i

j

k

31 December 2024
Investor
EAD

RWA

Traditional

Traditional

In millions of euros

STS

Non‑STS

Synthetic

STS

Non‑STS

Synthetic

2

73

344

-

19

353

-

13

148

4

83

Retail

3

Residential mortgages

4

Credit card receivables

7

51

1

30

5

Other retail exposures

53

145

15

241

6

702

1

419

6
7

Re‑securitisation
Corporates

-

8

Loans to corporates

483

293

9

Commercial mortgage

156

91

10

Finance lease and trade receivables

11

Other assets

12

Re‑securitisation

1

6

55

1

8

TOTAL

79

i

5

29
6

1,046

j

-

-

20

772

-

k

31 December 2023
Investor
EAD

RWA

Traditional

Traditional

In millions of euros

STS

Non‑STS

Synthetic

STS

Non‑STS

Synthetic

2

85

452

-

89

243

-

Retail

3

Residential mortgages

15

109

6

44

4

Credit card receivables

6

39

48

13

5

Other retail exposures

63

304

34

186

43

504

6

452

6
7

Re‑securitisation
Corporates

-

8

Loans to corporates

0

400

369

9

Commercial mortgage

0

19

23

10

Finance lease and trade receivables

43

57

11

Other assets

0

29

128

957

12
1

6

-

53
7

Re‑securitisation
TOTAL

-

94

694

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

-

525

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

➤ TABLE 89: BREAKDOWN OF TRADING BOOK SECURITISATION POSITIONS AND CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS OUTSIDE
THE CORRELATION BOOK BY RISK WEIGHT

In millions of euros

31 December 2024
Securitisation positions
Short positions

Risk weight

Re
Securitisation ‑securitisation

Total

Capital requirements

Long positions
Re
Securitisation ‑securitisation

Total Short positions Long positions

Total

7% – 10%

-

36

36

0

0

12% – 18%

-

386

386

5

5

0

0

424

424

0

11

11

0

0

178

178

0

23

23

250%

-

40

40

11

11

425%

-

16

16

7

7

650%

-

10

10

6

6

Deduction(1)

-

35

35

0

1,125

1,125

63

63

20% – 35%
40% – 75%
100%

TOTAL

-

0

-

-

-

0

(1) The Group opted for the deduction of CET1 capital instead of the 1,250% weighting.
In millions of euros

31 December 2023
Securitisation positions
Short positions

Risk weight

Re
Securitisation ‑securitisation

Total

Capital requirements

Long positions
Re
Securitisation ‑securitisation

Total Short positions Long positions

Total

7% – 10%

-

68

68

1

1

12% – 18%

-

467

467

7

7

20% – 35%

-

292

292

8

8

100%

-

163

163

18

18

250%

-

61

61

17

17

425%

-

4

4

2

2

650%

-

17

17

11

11

Deduction(1)

-

13

13

-

1,084

1,084

63

63

40% – 75%

TOTAL

-

-

(1) The Group opted for the deduction of CET1 capital instead of the 1,250% weighting.

526

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

-

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

■ micro level scenarios (bottom‑up): instead of looking at the

MARKET RISK STRESS TESTING FRAMEWORK
A series of stress tests are performed to simulate the impact of
extreme market moves on the value on the global trading books.
Stress tests cover all market activities applying a range of stressed
market conditions.

Scenarios
The fundamental approach of the current trading book stress testing
framework combines “bottom‑up” and “top‑down” stress testing:
■ macro level scenarios (top‑down) comprise the evaluation of a

set of global level stress test. These scenarios assess the
impact of severe market moves on BNP Paribas trading
positions related to large regional or market shock events. They
can be based on historical events or forward‑looking
hypothetical scenarios. Scenarios include events such as an
emerging markets crisis, credit crunch and a stock market
crash, and some are based on past crises.
The official macro stress tests scenarios currently comprise a
range of eight different stress tests. The results of these
scenarios are reviewed at each Financial markets risk
Committee (FMRC). The scenarios are:
■

■

■

■
■

■

■

■

5

scenario 1: unexpected rate hike, driving short‑term rates
higher with a flattening of the interest rate curve,
scenario 2: general market sell‑off, with a flight to quality
assets leading to a drop and a steepening of the interest rate
curve,
scenario 3: emerging market crisis, generic and not one
specific region,
scenario 4: credit crunch, leading to general risk aversion,
scenario 5: euro crisis, low GDP expectations, potential threat
of a country leaving the euro and a significant weakening of
the currency,
scenario 6: energy shock driven by geopolitical turmoil with
serious consequences on energy markets,
scenario 7: crisis in the United States, linked to an event such
as a US debt ceiling deadlock,
scenario 8: risk‑on scenario: rally in equity and emerging
markets, low implied volatility and drop in implied volatility
in all markets (effectively a return to risky assets);

effect on the global portfolio, these types of scenarios aim to
highlight risk exposures on specific trading desks, regions, or
risk concentrations. This bottom‑up approach enables the use of
more bespoke stress scenarios (such as complex product
dislocations or idiosyncratic risk) and hence allows the
detection of areas of potential losses which may not be easily
achieved under the global macroeconomic scenario. This
bottom‑up process also facilitates the classification of risk areas
into those where there may be less liquidity or where the risk
may be more structural in nature.

Process
It is the combination of such top‑down and bottom‑up scenarios that
leads to the construction of the FMRC adverse scenario for the
trading books. The official top‑down stress scenarios are presented
at each FMRC meeting along with the FMRC Adverse global stress
scenarios and any bottom‑up stress tests on complex products
yielding significant results.
The results of all stress tests are reviewed regularly by Executive
Management and sent to the Board of directors.
The scenarios take market liquidity into account by simulating the
drying up of certain assets or product liquidity as the stress event
unfolds. To understand this process, it can be simplified by
considering an approach where the time horizon for the stress shock
can vary between different instruments/assets (hence more
advanced scenarios can take certain idiosyncratic factors into
account). Moreover, it may sometimes be required to quantify the
impact of a stress event occurring with re‑hedging assumptions
factored into part of the exposure under stress.

5

Stress testing is governed by the Stress testing steering Committee
(STSC). The committee meets approximately monthly and sets the
direction of all internal RISK departmental stress scenario
developments, infrastructure, analysis and reporting. The STSC
governs all internal stress testing matters relating to both market
and counterparty risk and decides upon the detailed definition of the
FMRC stress tests.
Stress testing is the core element of the tail risk analysis, which is
also captured through the stressed Value at Risk, the Incremental
Risk Charge and the Comprehensive Risk Measure. Furthermore, the
risk of a rare event used in the form of the “average loss in addition
to VaR” (Expected Shortfall) in allocating capital in respect of market
risk between business lines is an additional element allowing tail
risk in the management and monitoring of market risk to be taken
into account.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

527

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

MARKET RISK RELATED TO BANKING ACTIVITIES
Foreign exchange risk and hedging of net income
generated in foreign currencies [Audited]

Interest rate and foreign exchange risks related to banking
intermediation activities and investments are managed by the
cross‑functional ALM Treasury Department. At Group level, the
ALM‑Treasury Department is directly overseen by the Group Senior
Executive Advisor. BNP Paribas SA’s ALM Treasury Department
exercises functional authority over the ALM Treasury teams of each
entity or group of entities covering the entire Group perimeter.
Strategic decisions are made by the Asset and Liability Committee
(ALCo), which oversees ALM Treasury’s activities. These committees
have been set up at Group, entity or group of entities level.

So‑called “operating” foreign exchange risk exposure relates to net
earnings generated by activities conducted in currencies other than
the functional currency of the entity concerned. The Group’s policy is
to hedge the variability of its net income due to currency
movements. To this end, earnings generated in a currency other than
the functional currency of a given entity of the Group are hedged
locally.

The foreign exchange risk gives rise to a weighted assets calculation
under Pillar 1. The interest rate risk falls under Pillar 2.

Foreign exchange risk and hedging of net
investments in foreign operations [Audited]

FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

The so‑called “structural” foreign exchange position of an entity
relates to investments in currencies other than the functional
currency. This position mainly results from the capital endowment of
the branches and equity investments in foreign currencies financed
by buying the investment currency. This structural foreign exchange
position, adjusted for any intangibles, constitutes patrimonial
exposure.

Calculation of risk‑weighted assets
Foreign exchange risk relates to all transactions part of the banking
book.
Group entities calculate their net position in each currency, including
the euro. The net position is equal to the sum of all asset items less
all liability items plus off‑balance sheet items (including the net
forward currency position and the net delta‑based equivalent of the
currency option book), less structural, non‑current assets (long‑term
equity interests, property, plant and equipment, and intangible
assets) subject to exemption. These positions are converted into
euros at the exchange rate prevailing on the reporting date and
aggregated to give the Group’s overall net open position in each
currency. The net position in a given currency is long when assets
exceed liabilities and short when liabilities exceed assets. For each
Group entity, the net currency position is balanced in the relevant
currency (i.e. its reporting currency) such that the sum of long
positions equals the sum of short positions.

The Group’s policy is to hedge portfolio exposure to liquid currencies,
while at the same time maintaining the solvency ratio’s limited
sensitivity to exchange rate fluctuations. For this, borrowings in the
same currency as the investment are used as an alternative to
financing by purchasing the currency in question. Borrowings are
recognised as hedges of investments.

INTEREST RATE RISK
Interest rate risk in the banking book, or global interest rate
risk, is the risk of variability in results as a result of
mismatches in interest rates, maturities and nature between
assets and liabilities in the banking book. This risk arises in
non‑trading portfolios.

The rules for calculating the capital requirement for foreign
exchange risk are as follows:
■ matched positions in currencies of Member States participating

in the European Monetary System are subject to a capital
requirement of 1.6% of the value of the matched positions;
■ CFA and CFP francs are matched with the euro, and are not

subject to a capital requirement;
■ positions in closely correlated currencies are subject to a

capital requirement of 4% of the matched amount;
■ other positions, including the balance of unmatched positions in

the currencies mentioned above, are subject to a capital
requirement of 8% of their amount.
The amounts involved are set out in Table 82: Market risk under the
standardised approach (EU MR1).

528

Organisation of the Group interest risk
management [Audited]
The Board of directors assigns responsibility to the Chief Executive
Officer for management of interest rate risk in the banking book. The
Board of directors is informed quarterly on the principles governing
interest rate policy and the Group’s position through the Internal
Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee (CCIRC).
The Chief Executive Officer delegates management responsibility to
the Group ALM Treasury Committee (Asset and Liability Management
Committee). The permanent members of the Group ALM Treasury
Committee are the Group Senior Executive Advisor (Chairman), the
Delegate Deputy Chief Operating Officers, the Group Chief Risk
Officer, the Group Chief Financial Officer, the Group ALM Treasury
Head. The Head of General Inspection and the Head of Compliance
are also invited. This committee is responsible for tracking interest
rate risk monitoring indicators, proposing the Group’s interest rate
risk profile and assigning limits.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

ALM Treasury is responsible for the analysis of the management
proposals and operational implementation of decisions related to
managing the interest rate risk of the banking book as part of its
delegated management.
The RISK Function participates in the Group ALM Treasury Committee
and the local ALM Treasury Committees (ALCo) and oversees
implementation by ALM Treasury of the relevant decisions made by
these committees. It also provides second‑line control by reviewing
the models and risk indicators, monitoring the level of risk indicators
and ensuring compliance with the limits assigned.

account the objective of stabilising results and stability of deposits.
For current accounts, average maturities are less than five years and
the proportion invested beyond 10 years is negligible.
Incorporating dynamic changes in balance sheet items, the interest
rate risk is measured through indicators of the sensitivity of
revenues to interest rate changes on a going concern basis. This
enables the partial or zero correlation between customer interest
rates and market interest rates to be taken into account on the one
hand, and the volume sensitivities to interest rates on the other
hand, which create a risk to future revenues.

The banking book consists of the Group’s total bank balance sheet,
excluding trading book transactions. This includes intermediation
transactions (deposits, loans, etc.), non‑commercial balance sheet
items (equity, fixed assets, etc.) and banking book risk management
activities, including derivatives used for the management of interest
rate risk on the banking book (notably when they are ineligible for
hedge accounting under IFRS).

The choice of indicators and risk modelling are reviewed by RISK.
The results and the adjustments following these reviews are
presented and monitored to the committees on a regular basis.

Banking book interest rate risk in each BNP Paribas entity is
systematically transferred to ALM Treasury, through internal analytic
contracts or lending/borrowing transactions. For the Group as a
whole, ALM Treasury is responsible for managing the interest rate
risk transferred in this way.

Risk limits [Audited]

Decisions concerning the management of interest rate risk are made
and monitored during monthly or quarterly committee meetings by
entity or group of entities, attended by representatives of local ALM
Treasury, Group ALM Treasury, FINANCE & STRATEGY and RISK
Functions and senior management of the entities and/or businesses.

Measurement of interest rate risk [Audited]
Rate positions are measured taking into account the specific features
of the risks managed. Hence, the Group has defined the concepts of
standard rate risks and structural rate risks. The standard rate risk
corresponds to the general case, namely when it is possible to define
uniquely the most appropriate hedging strategy for a given
transaction. The structural rate risk is the interest rate risk for equity
and non‑interest‑bearing current accounts: the investment of these
balance sheet items generates regular revenues but are sensitive to
interest rate levels. However, it is not possible to define a single
hedging strategy to fully neutralise this sensitivity. In this case, the
Group included all the possible so‑called “neutral” management
strategies in terms of interest rate risk.
Interest rate risks are analysed in terms of interest rate gaps that
measure for each future period the potential rate characteristic
mismatches between assets and liabilities (fixed rate and indexation
type). In the interest rate gaps, the optional effects, in particular
linked to behavioural options, are embedded and translated into
their delta equivalent. Value indicators are also used.
The maturity split is determined on the basis of the contractual
terms of the transactions and observations of customer behaviour.
For Retail Banking products, behavioural models are based on
historical or forward data and econometric studies. These possible
management strategies notably relate to early redemption and
savings accounts. Moreover, the maturities of non‑interest‑bearing
current accounts and of equity are calculated according to a more
conventional approach defining a range of investments taking into

5

The interest rate risk measurement indicators are consistently
presented to the ALCos and serve as the basis for operating risk
management decisions.

Interest rate risk indicators span the entire banking book as at
31 December 2024.
The interest rate gaps are subject to interest rate risk limits across
all time horizons. These limits are calibrated based on the nature of
the risks (standard or structural) at Group and entity level. They are
reviewed annually.
The Group’s revenue sensitivity indicator is subject to limits and a
warning threshold relative to the overall sensitivity level, also
broken down by division and the main entities. Moreover, the Group
regularly monitors the impact of stress scenarios on its revenues.

5

Sensitivity of revenues to global interest rate risk
[Audited]

Net interest income sensitivities are calculated on the total banking
book, over one-, two- and three‑year rolling timeframes notably, for
a parallel, instantaneous and definitive increase and decrease in
market rates on all currencies over all the terms of ±50 basis points
(±0.5%). These sensitivities are measured as deviations from the NII
projection for the central rate scenario corresponding to future
interest rates expected by the markets at estimation date (e.g.
forward rates seen at the end of December 2024 for sensitivities at
the end‑2024). Other scenarios are also used to measure NII
sensitivities, including instantaneous, parallel and definitive shocks
of ±200 basis points.
The sensitivities include the direct impacts of market rates and
business trends. Indirect effects on commercial activity linked to
changes in outstandings and customer rates, are also taken into
account. Thus, increases in sight non‑interest‑bearing current
account balances, observed during the period of low or negative
interest rates, are considered as situational to the low interest rates
environment, and are assumed to decrease gradually when
short‑term rates return to sufficiently positive levels.Having
maintained interest rates at significant positive levels, led to
sensitivities levels that existed before the low interest rate
environment, as illustrated below by end‑2023 sensitivities
(end‑December interest rates being punctually at lower levels
compared to previous and subsequent weeks).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

529

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

➤ TABLE 90: SENSITIVITY OF REVENUES TO GLOBAL INTEREST RATE RISK BASED ON A 50 BASIS POINTS INCREASE OR
DECREASE IN THE INTEREST RATES (EU IRRBB1A) [Audited]

31 December 2024
In millions of euros

For +50 bps shock

For -50 bps shock

Year 1

147

(134)

Year 2

313

(266)

Year 3

574

(516)

31 December 2023
In millions of euros

For +50 bps shock

For -50 bps shock

Year 1

336

(363)

Year 2

401

(378)

Year 3

603

(555)

Supervisory Outlier Tests (SOT)
■ SOT on Economic Value of Equity (EVE) – SOT EVE

As the assets and liabilities of the Group’s banking intermediation
business are not intended to be sold, they are not recognised or
managed on the basis of their theoretical economic value measured
by discounting future cash flows. Similarly, the theoretical economic
value of the net assets does not affect the Group’s capital.
However, pursuant to the regulatory requirements and calculation
methods laid down by the European Banking Authority (EBA), the
ratios of sensitivity of the theoretical economic value of the net
assets of the intermediation business in relation to Tier 1 capital are
regularly calculated through 6 interest rate scenarios defined by the
EBA (i.e. parallel up/down, steepening/flattening, short rates up/
down). These ratios are compared to the -15% threshold used by the
supervisor to identify situations where the interest rate risk in the
banking book could be material.

530

The ratios at end‑December 2024 are presented in the table below
and are significantly below the materiality threshold of -15%. Across
the six supervisory scenario, the lowest ratio stands at -3.2% below
the level of end December 2024
■ SOT on Net Interest Income (NII) – SOT NII

After its approval by the European Commission and its publication in
the Official Journal of the European Union in April 2024, the SOT NII
entered into force in May 2024. The SOT NII refers to the sensitivity
of the first year NII to parallel up/down interest rate scenarios (i.e. a
± 200 basis points shock for EUR and USD) assuming constant
balance sheet (in terms of both size and mix) and constant
commercial margin, expressed as a ratio to Tier One capital. For
each currency, as for SOT EVE, the SOT NII weights positive
sensitivities with a 50% factor and negative sensitivities with a 100%
factor.
As of end‑December 2024, the lowest ratio stands at -1.1%, well
below the -5% materiality threshold.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

5

➤ TABLE 91: SENSITIVITY OF TIER 1 CAPITAL ECONOMIC VALUE AND SENSITIVITY OF TIER 1 NET INTEREST INCOME TO
THE REGULATORY STRESS TEST SCENARIOS (EU IRRBB1B)

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Change in the
economic value
as a percentage
of equity (Tier 1)

Change in the
Net Interest Income
as a percentage
of Tier 1 capital

Change in the
economic value
as a percentage
of equity (Tier 1)

1 Parallel up

-2.70%

+0.40%

+0.30%

2 Parallel down

-3.20%

-1.10%

-5.40%

Steepener (decrease in short term rates, increase in long
3 term rates)

+0.90%

+1.30%

Flattener (increase in short term rates, decrease in long term
4 rates)

-2.70%

-3.10%

5 Short rates up

-2.80%

-2.00%

6 Short rates down

+1.30%

+0.80%

Stress test scenarios (1)

Change in the
Net Interest Income
as a percentage
of Tier 1 capital

(1) The shocks used to calculate the value and net interest margin sensitivity amounts correspond to regulatory shocks as defined in Delegated
Regulation (EU) 2024/856 of 1 December 2023.

HEDGING OF INTEREST RATE
AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISKS
Hedges initiated by the Group consist mainly of interest rate or
currency hedges using derivative financial instruments (swaps,
options and forwards).
Depending on the hedging objective, derivative financial instruments
used for hedging purposes are qualified either as fair value hedges,
cash flow hedges, or hedges of net investments in foreign operations.
Each hedging relationship is formally documented at inception. The
documentation describes the hedging strategy, identifies the hedged
item and the hedging instrument, and the nature of the hedged risk;
and describes the methodology used to test the expected
(prospective) and actual (retrospective) effectiveness of the hedge.

Global interest rate risk
The Bank’s strategy for managing global interest rate risk is mainly
based on closely monitoring the sensitivity of the Bank’s net income
to changes in interest rates, factoring in all interest rate risks. The
aim is to ensure the stability and regularity of the interest margin.
This monitoring is based on an extremely accurate assessment of
the risks incurred so that the Bank can determine the hedging
strategy, after taking into account the effects of netting the different
types of risk. These hedging strategies are defined and implemented
by entity and by currency.
The hedges can comprise swaps and options and are typically
accounted for as fair value hedges or cash flow hedges. They may
also take the form of government securities and are classified on an
accounting basis as “Financial assets at amortised cost” or
“Financial assets at fair value through equity”.

The year 2024 was marked, on the one hand, by a stabilisation of
the world’s growth and of the main economic zones (3.3% in 2023
and 3.2% in 2024 worldwide, 2.9% in 2023 and 2.8% in 2024 in the
United States, 0.4% in 2023 and 0.8% in 2024 in the Euro Zone) and,
on the other hand, by a divergence on the normalisation of inflation
between economic zones. Indeed, a slowdown in the normalisation
of inflation was observed in the United States (which remains above
3.0%), in non‑Western countries ("Emerging Market and Developing
Economies" at 7.8%), when the Euro zone benefited from the
continued normalisation of the inflation at a level of 2.4% in 2024.

5

The European Central Bank was able to initiate a cycle of cuts in its
key rate from June onwards, from 4.0% to 3.0% at the end of the year.
The Federal Reserve began its own downward cycle in September,
with a cumulative decrease of 1.00%.
Bond rates rose from January to May (German Bund 10‑year bond
yields rose from 2.05% to 2.70%, US U.S. Treasury, 10 years from
3.90% to 4.70%). In the second half of the year, US 10‑year debt rates
fell to 3.60% when the Federal Reserve first fell, and then rose by
1.00% until the end of the year. The Bund moved without a trend in
the second half of the year between 2.05% and 2.40%.

Structural foreign exchange risk [Audited]
Currency hedges are contracted by the ALM Treasury in relation to
the Group’s investments in foreign currencies and its future foreign
currency revenues. Each hedging relationship is formally
documented at inception. The documentation describes the hedging
strategy, identifies the hedged item and the hedging instrument, and
the nature of the hedged risk and describes the methodology used to
test the expected (prospective) and actual (retrospective)
effectiveness of the hedge.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

531

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Market risk

A hedging relationship is applied and documented for investments in
subsidiaries and branches financed by foreign currency loans so as
to record movements in exchange rates symmetrically and avoid
impacts on the profit and loss account. In this context, these
instruments are designated as net investment hedges. The amount
of these loans stood at EUR 14 billion at 31 December 2024,
compared with EUR 16 billion at 31 December 2023. The changes in
value related to exchange differences recognised directly in equity
with respect to these hedges amounted to -EUR 964 million in 2024,
compared with -EUR 339 million at 31 December 2023.
During the 2024 financial year, no net investment hedging
relationships were disqualified.
The amount recorded in the profit and loss account for 2024 with
respect to the ineffective portion of hedges of net investments is
immaterial.

observations of customer behaviour (early redemption assumptions
and estimated default rates).
Demand deposits, which do not bear interest at contractual rates,
are qualified as fixed‑rate medium‑term financial liabilities.
Consequently, the value of these liabilities is sensitive to changes in
interest rates. Estimates of future cash outflows are based on
historical analyses.
For each hedging relationship, expected hedge effectiveness is
measured by ensuring that for each maturity band, the fair value of
the hedged items is greater than the fair value of the designated
hedging instruments.
Actual effectiveness is assessed on an ex‑post basis by ensuring that
the monthly change in the fair value of hedged items since the start
of the month does not indicate any over‑hedging.

Cash flow hedge

Hedging of financial instruments recognised
in the balance sheet (Fair Value Hedge)
Fair value hedges of interest rate risks relate either to identified
fixed‑rate assets or liabilities, or to portfolios of fixed‑rate assets or
liabilities. Derivatives are contracted to reduce the exposure of the
fair value of these instruments to changes in interest rates.
Individual assets hedging consists mainly of securities classified as
“Financial assets at amortised cost” or “Financial assets at fair value
through equity”; individual liabilities hedging consists mainly of
fixed‑income securities issued by the Group.
Hedges of portfolios of financial assets and liabilities, constructed by
currency, relate to:
■ fixed‑rate loans (property loans, equipment loans, consumer

credit and export loans);
■ fixed‑rate

deposits (mainly demand deposits and funds
deposited under home savings contracts).

To identify the hedged amount, the residual balance of the hedged
item is split into maturity bands, and a separate amount is
designated for each band. The maturity split is determined on the
basis of the contractual terms of the transactions and historical

In terms of interest rate risk, the Group uses derivative instruments
to hedge fluctuations in income and expenses arising on floating‑rate
assets and liabilities. Highly probable forecast transactions are also
hedged. Hedged items are split into maturity bands by currency and
benchmark interest rate. After factoring in early redemption
assumptions and estimated default rates, the Group uses derivatives
to hedge some or all of the risk exposure generated by these
floating‑rate instruments.
In terms of foreign exchange risk, the Group hedges against
variability in components of consolidated net income. In particular,
the Group may hedge future revenue flows (especially interest
income and fees) derived from operations carried out by its main
subsidiaries and/or branches in a currency other than their
functional currencies. As in the case of interest rate hedges, the
effectiveness of these hedging relationships is documented and
assessed on the basis of forecast maturity bands.
The table below concerns the scope of BNP Paribas SA medium- and
long‑term transactions and shows the amount of hedged future cash
flows (split by forecast date of realisation), which constitute the
majority of the Group’s hedging transactions.

➤ TABLE 92: HEDGED CASH FLOWS [Audited]
31 December 2024

Period to realisation
In millions of euros

Hedged cash flows

Less than 1 year
2,617

1 to 5 years More than 5 years
6,720

1,779

31 December 2023

Total

Less than 1 year

11,115

2,993

1 to 5 years More than 5 years
6,716

887

In 2024, no cash flow hedges were declassified on the grounds that achieving these future earnings would no longer be highly probable.

532

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Total
10,596

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

5

5.8 Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank will not be able to honour
its commitments or unwind or settle a position due to the market
environment or idiosyncratic factors (i.e. specific to BNP Paribas),
within a given timeframe and at a reasonable cost.
Liquidity risk reflects the risk of the Group being unable to fulfil
current or future foreseen or unforeseen cash or collateral
requirements, across all time horizons, from the short to the long
term.
This risk may stem from the reduction in funding sources,
drawdown of funding commitments, a reduction in the liquidity of

certain assets, or an increase in cash or collateral margin calls. It
may be related to the Bank itself (reputation risk) or to external
factors (risks in some markets).
The Group’s liquidity risk is managed under a global liquidity
policy approved by the Group’s ALM Treasury Committee. This
policy is based on management principles designed to apply both
in normal conditions and in a liquidity crisis. The Group’s liquidity
position is assessed on the basis of internal indicators and
regulatory ratios.

LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY [Audited]
OBJECTIVES

The Group ALM Treasury Committee is responsible for:

The objectives of the Group’s liquidity management policy are to
secure a balanced financing structure for the development of
BNP Paribas business activities, and to ensure it is sufficiently robust
to cope with crisis situations.

■ proposing the Group’s liquidity risk profile at the CCIRC and the

■ defining and monitoring management indicators and calibrating
■ defining and monitoring liquidity risk indicators and associating

■ management indicators:

■

5

■ monitoring compliance with regulatory liquidity ratios;

the quantitative thresholds set for the Bank’s businesses;

The liquidity risk management framework relies on:

■

Board of directors, for review and decision;

by volume, to ensure that businesses or activities comply
with their liquidity targets set in line with the Group’s
funding capacity,
by price, via internal liquidity pricing;

■ the definition of monitoring indicators which enable assessment

of the Group’s liquidity position under normal conditions and in
crisis situations, the efficiency of actions undertaken and
compliance with regulatory ratios;
■ the implementation of liquidity risk management strategies

based on diversification of funding sources with maturities in
line with needs, and the constitution of liquidity reserves.
The Group’s liquidity policy defines the management principles that
apply across all Group entities and businesses and across all time
horizons.

quantitative thresholds to them if necessary;
■ defining

and overseeing implementation of liquidity risk
management strategies, including monitoring of business lines,
under normal and stressed conditions.

In particular, the Group ALM Treasury Committee is informed about
funding programmes and programmes to build up liquidity reserves,
simulations in crisis conditions (stress tests), and about all events
that may arise in crisis situations.
The Group ALM Treasury Committee is tasked with defining the
management approach in periods of crisis (emergency plan). This
framework is based on:
■ supervision of the emergence of a crisis by monitoring the

market position and complying with thresholds set for a series
of indicators;
■ governance of the activation of crisis management mode and

the associated responsibilities;

GOVERNANCE
As for all risks, the Group Chief Executive Officer is granted authority
by the Board of directors to manage the Group’s liquidity risk. The
Chief Executive Officer delegates this responsibility to the Group ALM
Treasury Committee.
The Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee
(CCIRC) reports quarterly to the Board of directors on liquidity policy
principles and the Group’s liquidity position.

■ identification of possible actions for managing a crisis.

The Group ALM Treasury Committee meets every month under
normal conditions and more often in stressed conditions or to deal
with specific issues.
The permanent members of the Group ALM Treasury Committee are
the Group Senior Executive Advisor (Chairman), the Delegate Deputy
Chief Operating Officers, the Chief Risk Officer, the Group Chief
Financial Officer and the Group ALM Treasury Head. Other members
represent the RISK Function, Finance & Strategy Function and ALM
Treasury. The Head of General Inspection and the Head of
Compliance are also invited.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

533

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

Across the Group, ALM Treasury is responsible for the operational
implementation of the Group ALM Treasury Committee’s liquidity
management decisions. The ALM Treasury Committees in entities or
groups of entities are responsible for local implementation of the
strategy decided by the Group ALM Treasury Committee to manage
the Bank’s liquidity risk.
ALM Treasury is responsible for managing liquidity for the entire
Group across all maturities. In particular, it is responsible for funding
and short‑term issuance (certificates of deposit, commercial paper,
etc.), for senior and subordinated debt issuance (MTNs, bonds,
medium/long‑term deposits, covered bonds, etc.), preferred share
issuance, and loan securitisation programmes for the Group. ALM
Treasury is tasked with providing internal funding to the Group’s
divisions, operating entities and business lines, and investing their

surplus cash. It is also responsible for building up and managing
liquidity reserves, which comprise assets that can be easily sold in
the event of a liquidity squeeze.
RISK participates in the Group and local ALM Treasury Committees
and oversees implementation by ALM Treasury of the relevant
decisions made by these committees. It provides second‑line control
by reviewing the models and risk indicators (including liquidity
stress tests), monitoring risk indicators and ensuring compliance
with the limits assigned.
Finance is responsible for producing the regulatory liquidity
indicators, as well as the internal monitoring indicators. Finance
oversees the consistency of the internal monitoring indicators with
the objectives defined by the Group ALM Treasury Committee.
Finance takes also part in the Group and local ALM Committees.

LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISION
Internal liquidity risk management and internal monitoring are
based on a large range of indicators at various maturities. These
indicators are measured on a regular basis by currency and maturity,
both at Group level and entity level.

BUSINESS LINES’ INTERNAL MONITORING
INDICATORS [Audited]
The management indicators relate to funding needs of Group’s
business lines under normal and stressed conditions. These
indicators are part of the Group’s budget management framework,
with targets and regular (monthly) monitoring of the deviations from
the objectives set.

Funding needs of the Group’s businesses
The funding needs associated with the activity of the Group’s
businesses are managed in particular by measuring the difference
between commercial funding needs (customer loans and overdrafts,
trading assets, etc.) and commercial funding resources (customer
deposits, sale of the Group’s debt securities to customers, trading
liabilities, etc.). This indicator makes it possible to measure the
business lines’ liquidity consumption under a normal business
scenario.
It is supplemented by indicators to measure the funding needs of the
business lines in one month and one year depending on the
assumptions defined by European regulations in force (Liquidity
Coverage Ratio) and (Net Stable Funding Ratio).
In addition to this commercial funding need indicators, the Group
closely monitors the liquidity reserves and the refinancing provided
by ALM Treasury, as well as the Group’s structural resources (i.e. net
own funds).

Business lines’ consumption of liquidity is thus integrated in the
Group’s budget process, wherein each business line estimates its
future liquidity needs, in keeping with its profitability targets and
capital consumption objectives. During the iterative budget process,
liquidity consumption objectives are allotted to the business lines,
taking into account the funding provided by ALM Treasury and
structural resources, in line with the Group’s overall target. This
process is regularly renewed, monitored and adjusted as appropriate
throughout the year by the Group ALM Treasury Committee.

Internal liquidity pricing
All of the Group’s assets and liabilities are subject to internal
liquidity pricing, the principles of which are decided by the Group
ALM Treasury Committee and aim to take account of trends in the
cost of market liquidity and the balance between assets and
liabilities within the Group’s development strategy.

Change in the liquidity position
At end‑2024, the businesses had a net liquidity surplus, asthe last
year (deposits higher than loans). Group’s net equity is added to this
surplus leading to an overall liquidity surplus.
In this context, the funding provided by ALM Treasury is used to
finance the liquidity reserve, while also correcting the structural
differences between assets and liabilities (by maturity term) and
covering TLAC (Total Loss‑Absorbing Capacity) requirements, as well
as future Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities
(MREL).
The Group maintains a large surplus in liquidity.

The overall management of the business funding needs, the Group’s
structural resources, funding and liquidity reserves made by the ALM
Treasury allows the Group to achieve a structurally robust liquidity
situation able to resist severe liquidity stresses.

534

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

WHOLESALE FUNDING AND LIQUIDITY
RESERVE MONITORING INDICATORS
Sources of wholesale funding
The Group adopted a broad definition of wholesale funding, covering
all funds excluding those provided by:
■ retail customers, professionals and corporates;
■ institutional clients for their operating needs (e.g. portion

needed for custody management);
■ monetary policy and funding secured by market assets.

This definition is broader than market funding. For example, it
includes medium- to long‑term debt placed in funds for individuals
and, in the short‑term portion, non‑operating deposits in the
Securities Services business.
The Group has a conservative policy for the management of its
wholesale funding by ensuring that it does not depend on very
short‑term funding and diversifying these funding sources.

5

Thus, wholesale funding with an original maturity of less than one
month, so‑called very short‑term wholesale funding, is
systematically “sterilised” by being placed in immediately‑available
deposits in central banks so that it is not used to fund the Group’s
business.
The Group ensures that short‑term wholesale funding (with original
maturity of between one month and one year) is diversified in terms
of counterparty, industry and residual maturity. Any excess
concentration on one of these criteria is systematically “sterilised”
and placed in central bank deposits.
Medium- to long‑term wholesale market funding (with original
maturity over one year) is diversified in terms of investor type,
distribution network, funding programme (secured or unsecured),
and by geographical area to ensure diversification. Furthermore, the
Group aims to optimise the term structure of its funding operations.
At end of 2024, sterilised very short‑term wholesale funding totalled
EUR 76.4 billion (leading to the sterilisation of an equivalent amount
in the Group’s liquidity reserve), diversified short‑term wholesale
funding totalled EUR 161.4 billion and diversified medium‑to
long‑term wholesale funding totalled EUR 246.4 billion.

➤ TABLE 93: BREAKDOWN OF THE WHOLESALE FUNDING BY CURRENCY
The breakdown of funding by currency corresponds to the Group’s needs and to a diversification objective.

31 December 2024
In millions of euros

EUR

USD

Other

Total

Sterilised very short‑term wholesale funding

45,571

16,736

14,091

76,398

Short‑term wholesale funding

68,716

53,259

39,459

161,435

Medium- to long‑term wholesale funding

116,000

97,437

32,922

246,358

TOTAL WHOLESALE

230,287

167,433

86,471

484,191

EUR

USD

Other

Total

Sterilised very short‑term wholesale funding

38,358

20,243

12,328

70,930

Short‑term wholesale funding

56,676

46,920

33,805

137,400

Medium- to long‑term wholesale funding

105,461

85,776

26,485

217,722

TOTAL WHOLESALE

200,495

152,939

72,618

426,052

5

31 December 2023
In millions of euros

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

535

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

➤ TABLE 94: BREAKDOWN OF THE GROUP’S MEDIUM LONG TERM (MLT) WHOLESALE FUNDING
The instruments are shown at their net carrying amount (including in particular accrued unpaid interest and the revaluation of the hedged
portion).

31 December 2024

In millions of euros

Tier 1 hybrid
debt

Total MLT funding

15,872

MLT debt placed with clients

Subordinated
Unsecured senior debt
debt not
Tier 2
subordinated eligible to own
funds Non‑preferred
debt
Preferred
25,683

2,487

(282)

Secured MLT
Monetary
funding policy funding

73,487

141,770

13,648

(247)

(26,058)

(2)

-

15,872

25,401

2,487

73,240

115,712

272,946
(26,588)

Monetary policy
WHOLESALE MLT FUNDING

TOTAL

13,646

-

-

-

246,358

31 December 2023

In millions of euros

Tier 1 hybrid
debt

Total MLT funding

14,901

Subordinated
Unsecured senior debt
debt not
Tier 2
subordinated eligible to own
funds Non‑preferred
debt
Preferred
20,748

1,600

73,499

MLT debt placed with clients

109,123

Secured MLT
Monetary
funding policy funding
15,524

(17,673)

14,901

20,748

1,600

73,499

91,450

253,556
(17,673)

Monetary policy
WHOLESALE MLT FUNDING

18,162

TOTAL

(18,162)

(18,162)

-

217,722

15,524

➤ TABLE 95: TRENDS IN GROUP MLT WHOLESALE FUNDING
Outstanding
31 December 2023
In millions of euros

New origination

Redemptions

Total MLT funding

253,556

77,826

(49,204)

(3,371)

MLT debt placed with clients

(17,673)

(10,882)

1,667

273

Monetary policy

(18,162)

WHOLESALE MLT FUNDING

217,722

(22,321)

66,944

Wholesale funding raised by the Group in the markets with an initial
maturity of over 1 year reached EUR 66.9 billion in 2024, compared
to EUR 71.7 billion in 2023.

(29,376)

Outstanding
31 December 2024

16,459

272,946

28

(26,588)

18,162

Total medium- to long‑term wholesale funding outstandings stood at
EUR 246.4 billion at 31 December 2024 against EUR 217.7 billion at
31 December 2023.

536

Perimeter effect
Buy‑backs Exercise of calls
and other

(3,098)

(22,321)

16,487

246,358

Wholesale funding trends based
on regulatory changes
In addition to the Group’s liquidity management targets, use of
wholesale funding also satisfies regulatory requirements relating to
Recovery and Resolution, with the application of the Total Loss
Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) and Minimum Requirement on own funds
and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) requirements (see paragraph Recovery
and resolution in Capital adequacy and capital planning in
section 5.2).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

At 31 December 2024, BNP Paribas issued a total of EUR 78.8 billion
(outstanding principal) of non‑preferred senior debt (of which
EUR 73.2 billion of wholesale debt is eligible for TLAC and MREL).
This debt is composed of: public issues and private placements in
various currencies with different maturities.
The main characteristics of these debt instruments are:
■ issues under EMTN and US MTN programmes, non‑preferred

senior bonds (see article L.613‑30‑3‑I‑4 of the French Monetary
and Financial Code) or unstructured debt;
■ initial maturities of more than one year;
■ subject to conversion or impairment before senior preferred

debt but after subordinated debt;
■ documentation mandatorily stating that this debt belongs to

5

In addition, as at 31 December 2024, BNP Paribas issued a total of
EUR 24.9 billion in senior preferred vanilla debt, eligible for the
MREL requirement.
To meet the TLAC and MREL ratio requirements, the Group plans to
issue EUR 16 billion of senior debt (senior preferred and senior
non‑preferred) in 2025, subject to market conditions. The Group had
completed 28.6% of its issue programme for this category of debt as
at 17 February 2025.

MLT secured wholesale funding
MLT secured wholesale funding is measured by separating out assets
representing securities and loans. Funding obtained from central
banks is not included in the table below.

the new statutory category.

➤ TABLE 96: MLT SECURED WHOLESALE FUNDING
31 December 2024
(1)

In millions of euros

Collateral used

Loans and receivables

(2)

Funding raised

31 December 2023
(1)

Collateral used

Funding raised(2)

15,843

13,646

17,671

15,524

15,843

13,646

17,671

15,524

Securities
TOTAL
(1) Amounts gross of haircuts.
(2) Amounts net of haircuts.

5

MLT secured wholesale funding (outside of monetary policy)
represents 5.5% of total MLT wholesale funding in 2024 (7.1% in
2023). The Bank carefully manages its proportion of secured funding
and the associated overcollateralisation in order to protect creditors
holding unsecured debt.
Covered bonds and securitisation programmes are the main sources
of the Group’s secured financing. On average, covered bonds are
collateralised by 116% and securitisation programmes by 113%.

Medium- to long‑term liquidity position [Audited]
The medium‑to long‑term liquidity positions are measured regularly
at Group level by entity and by currency to evaluate the medium‑to
long‑term resources and uses. To this end, each balance sheet item
is given a maturity in an economic approach using models and
conventions offered by ALM Treasury and reviewed by the RISK
Function, or a regulatory approach by applying standardised
weightings of the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR). For example,
despite their immediate availability, the current accounts of retail
customers and those linked with corporates’ cash management
activities always remain highly stable, even through the most severe
financial crises, thus constituting stable medium- to long‑term
funding sources in both an economic and a regulatory approach.

Stress tests and liquidity reserve [Audited]
Liquidity stress tests are performed regularly on various maturities
(one day to twelve months) based on market factors and/or factors
specific to the Group and using different scenarios: idiosyncratic (i.e.
specific to BNP Paribas), systemic crisis (affecting financial
institutions), and combined crisis scenarios.
For each crisis scenario considered, borrowings and liabilities are
expected to only partially renew, while loan amortisations are
expected to be replaced by new loans to protect the commercial
franchise, off‑balance sheet financing commitments are expected to
be used, and market assets are expected to lose their market
liquidity. Commitment renewal and utilisation are differentiated in
intensity and in time, based on client type (individuals, small and
medium enterprises, corporates, financial institutions, etc.) and/or
the type of underlying for secured borrowings and loans (repos/
reverse repos). Stress scenarios also cover calls for additional
collateral (e.g. increased margin calls for collateralised derivatives,
impact of “rating trigger” clauses).
The liquidity reserve consists of Group assets held by ALM Treasury
and the capital market businesses. The liquidity reserve comprises:
■ deposits with central banks;
■ available assets that can be immediately sold on the market or

through repurchase agreements (bonds or shares);
■ available securities and receivables that can be refinanced with

central banks (e.g. through securitisation, transforming less
liquid assets into liquid or available assets) (see section 5.5
Proprietary Securitisation (originator)).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

537

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

The global liquidity reserve (counterbalancing capacity) is calculated
net of the payment systems’ intraday needs and in keeping with
prudential rules, in particular US rules, under which certain liquid
assets are only recognised as available after a certain time period.
Transferability restrictions are also taken into consideration in the

calculation of the Group’s liquidity reserve. These restrictions may
stem from local regulations which limit transfers between entities of
a group, non‑convertible currencies or jurisdictions with foreign
exchange control.
The table below shows its trends.

➤ TABLE 97: BREAKDOWN OF GLOBAL LIQUIDITY RESERVE (COUNTERBALANCING CAPACITY)
In millions of euros

Average 2024

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Total eligible assets

601,247

607,240

618,359

Utilisations

(125,676)

(119,989)

(138,791)

Transferability

(5,980)

(7,300)

(5,700)

GLOBAL LIQUIDITY RESERVE

469,592

479,944

473,867

Of which liquid assets meeting prudential regulation requirements (HQLA)

380,615

384,600

402,700

Of which other liquid assets

88,992

95,344

71,167

The Group’s liquidity reserve stood at EUR 479.9 billion at end‑2024,
of which EUR 76.4 billion sterilising very short‑term wholesale
funding.
The Group’s liquidity reserve at 31 December 2024 increased by
EUR 6.0 billion compared to end‑2023.

REGULATORY LIQUIDITY RATIOS
Scope of application
The prudential liquidity scope defined by the BNP Paribas Group for
monitoring and overseeing liquidity ratios on a consolidated basis is
the one defined for its capital ratio adequacy, with the exception of
jointly controlled entities which are consolidated under the equity
method in the prudential liquidity scope (see Scope of application in
section 5.2 Capital management and capital adequacy).

538

Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)
The 30‑day Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) came into force on
1 October 2015 setting the minimum coverage ratio for net cash
outflows over a one‑month time horizon, in a crisis situation, at 100%
from 1 January 2018. The Group measures its liquidity requirements
in accordance with the requirements of the Delegated Act adopted
by the European Commission in January 2015, and has adapted its
management process in keeping with this regulation. The
management indicators for the businesses’ funding needs and the
internal pricing terms therefore reflect the standardised
assumptions set by the LCR and allow the Group to monitor
compliance with this requirement.
The Group’s LCR for the period ending 31 December 2024 stood at
137%, versus 148% at 31 December 2023.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

5

➤ TABLE 98: SHORT‑TERM LIQUIDITY RATIO (LCR)(1) – ITEMISED (EU LIQ1)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

Unweighted value
In millions of euros

Number of data points used in the calculation
of averages

31 December 30 September
2024
2024
12

12

30 June
2024

31 March 31 December 30 September
2024
2024
2024

12

12

h

Weighted value
30 June
2024

31 March
2024

12

12

12

12

380,615

382,064

385,811

397,582

HIGH QUALITY LIQUID ASSETS (HQLA)
1

TOTAL HIGH QUALITY LIQUID ASSETS (HQLA)
CASH OUTFLOWS

2

Retail deposits (including small businesses)

429,378

425,766

423,297

422,446

30,570

30,470

30,519

30,687

3

Of which stable deposits

242,499

243,071

244,092

245,985

12,125

12,154

12,205

12,299

4

Of which less stable deposits

157,758

156,827

157,041

157,979

18,425

18,281

18,264

18,326

5

Unsecured non‑retail funding

487,792

480,243

478,322

479,145

223,291

217,459

215,524

215,823

6

Of which operational deposits

163,779

163,253

162,853

163,111

40,341

40,188

40,096

40,188

7

Of which non‑operational deposits

304,030

300,159

300,349

302,508

162,968

160,439

160,309

162,109

8

Of which unsecured debt

19,983

16,831

15,120

13,526

9

Secured non‑retail funding (of which repos)

10

Additional requirements

386,288

384,223

385,177

11

Of which outflows related to derivative exposures
and other collateral requirements

48,018

49,010

12

Of which outflows on secured debt

3,536

5,289

13

Of which credit and liquidity facilities

334,734

329,925

14

Other contractual funding obligations

62,134

60,823

15

Other contingent funding obligations

153,308

150,528

16

TOTAL CASH OUTFLOWS

17

Secured lending (of which reverse repos)

505,686

493,229

486,032

18

Inflows from fully performing exposures

88,261

88,522

87,436

19

Other cash inflows

80,388

74,853

73,727

71,585

68,142

62,651

62,527

60,720

20

TOTAL CASH INFLOWS

674,335

656,604

647,194

630,717

253,015

241,052

234,735

225,538

493,284

479,282

469,567

454,620

253,015

241,052

234,735

225,538

19,983

16,831

15,120

13,526

115,623

107,576

101,733

97,444

385,516

101,840

102,929

104,000

104,181

48,864

48,974

46,070

47,065

47,144

47,614

6,949

7,196

3,536

5,289

6,949

7,196

329,363

329,345

52,234

50,576

49,906

49,370

60,846

60,821

62,134

60,823

60,846

60,821

146,756

142,122

10,709

9,358

8,374

7,149

544,168

528,616

520,995

516,104

471,994

114,827

108,518

103,320

96,369

87,138

70,046

69,883

68,889

68,448

5

CASH INFLOWS

EU‑20c Inflows subject to 75% cap
21

LIQUIDITY BUFFER

380,615

382,064

385,811

397,582

22

TOTAL NET CASH OUTFLOWS

291,153

287,565

286,260

290,566

23

LIQUIDITY COVERAGE RATIO (%)

130.80%

132.96% 134.85% 136.92%

(1) The data presented in this table are calculated as the rolling average over the twelve latest month‑end values.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

539

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

Qualitative information on LCR (EU LIQ‑B)
The Group’s rolling month‑end average LCR over the last 12 months
stands at 131%, which corresponds to a liquidity surplus of
EUR 89 billion compared with the regulatory requirement. The Group
ratio averaged between 131% and 137%.
After application of the regulatory haircuts (weighted values), the
Group’s rolling month‑end average liquid assets over the last
12 months amount to EUR 381 billion, and mainly consist of central
bank deposits (43% at the end of December) and government and
sovereign bonds (57%).
Rolling month‑end average cash outflows over the last 12 months
under the thirty‑day liquidity stress scenario amount to
EUR 291 billion, a large part of which corresponds to thirty‑day
deposit outflow assumptions of EUR 234 billion. Reciprocally, cash
inflows on loans under the thirty‑day liquidity regulatory stress
scenario amount to EUR 70 billion.
Cash flows on financing transactions and collateralised loans,
representing repurchase agreements and securities exchanges,

540

amounted to EUR 1 billion in net outflows . Flows linked to derivative
instruments and regulatory stress tests record net outflows of
EUR 14 billion after netting of cash outflows (EUR 46 billion) and
inflows (EUR 32 billion).
Lastly, the rolling month‑end average drawdown assumptions on
financing commitments over the last 12 months amounted to
EUR 52 billion.
There is no excessive imbalance on any significant currency.

Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 has introduced a one‑year structural
liquidity ratio (Net Stable Funding Ratio – NSFR), subject to a 100%
minimum requirement since 28 June 2021. This standardised ratio
aims to ensure that assets and financing commitments considered
over one year are financed by resources over one year.
At 31 December 2024, the Group complies with the minimum NSFR
requirement with a level of 111.75%.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

5

➤ TABLE 99: NET STABLE FUNDING RATIO (EU LIQ2)
a

b

c

d

e

31 December 2024
Unweighted value by residual maturity
In millions of euros

No maturity

< 6 months 6 months to < 1 year

≥ 1 year

Weighted value

Available stable funding (ASF) Items
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9

Capital items and instruments
Own funds

201

22,754

148,661

125,907

201

20,481

146,388

Other capital instruments
Retail deposits
Stable deposits
Less stable deposits

2,273

2,273

399,613

7,307

8,353

386,054

227,418

2,042

2,097

220,084

172,195

5,264

6,256

165,970

1,041,003

59,145

183,892

472,065

Operational deposits

169,960

-

1,462

86,442

Other wholesale funding

871,043

59,145

182,430

385,623

25,552

-

Wholesale funding

10

Interdependent liabilities

11

Other liabilities

19,692
47,246

12

NSFR derivative liabilities

13

All other liabilities and capital instruments not included in the above categories

14

125,907

140,277

2,467

33,138

34,372

140,277

2,467

33,138

34,372

47,246

TOTAL AVAILABLE STABLE FUNDING (ASF)

1,041,153

Required stable funding (RSF) Items
15

Total high‑quality liquid assets (HQLA)

46,606

15a Assets encumbered for a residual maturity of one year or more in a cover pool

192

189

8,207

7,299

16

Deposits held at other financial institutions for operational purposes

723

-

-

362

17

Performing loans and securities:

442,706

94,364

655,235

662,537

18

Performing securities financing transactions with financial customers collateralised
by Level 1 HQLA subject to 0% haircut

109,260

7,292

4,154

12,311

19

Performing securities financing transactions with financial customer collateralised
by other assets and loans and advances to financial institutions

140,331

17,036

13,873

34,384

20

Performing loans to non‑financial corporate clients, loans to retail and small
business customers, and loans to sovereigns, and PSEs, of which

117,442

52,065

360,519

391,804

21
22

With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35% under the Basel Standardised
Approach for credit risk
4,241

5,132

173,979

117,873

23

With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35% under the Basel Standardised
Approach for credit risk

4,241

5,132

173,979

117,873

24

Other loans and securities that are not in default and do not qualify as HQLA, including
exchange‑traded equities and trade finance on‑balance sheet products

71,431

12,839

102,710

106,165

Performing residential mortgages, of which

25,552

-

9,325

165,538

189,799

6,596

5,606

38,189

33,353

25

Interdependent assets

19,692

26

Other assets

155,683

27

Physical traded commodities

28

Assets posted as initial margin for derivative contracts and contributions to default
funds of CCPs

1,026

29

NSFR derivative assets

1,600

30

NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of variation margin posted

93,767

31

All other assets not included in the above categories

59,290

9,303

120,753

144,552

484,196

7,453

29,690

25,037

32

5

Off‑balance sheet items

23

1,600
4,688

33

TOTAL REQUIRED STABLE FUNDING (RSF)

931,639

34

NET STABLE FUNDING RATIO (%)

111.75%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

541

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

a

b

c

d

e

31 December 2023
Unweighted value by residual maturity
In millions of euros

No maturity

< 6 months 6 months to < 1 year

≥ 1 year

Weighted value

Available stable funding (ASF) Items
1
2
3
4

Capital items and instruments
Own funds

119,821

143

19,041

138,862

119,821

143

17,332

137,153

Other capital instruments
Retail deposits

394,964

3,744

1,708

1,708

5,476

375,800
219,203

5

Stable deposits

228,935

777

977

6

Less stable deposits

166,030

2,967

4,500

156,597

998,486

52,212

162,771

440,539

7

Wholesale funding

8

Operational deposits

165,695

12

804

83,658

9

Other wholesale funding

832,791

52,200

161,967

356,881

168,967

1,095

28,373

28,920

168,967

1,095

28,373

28,920

10

Interdependent liabilities

11

Other liabilities

12

NSFR derivative liabilities

13

All other liabilities and capital instruments not included in the above categories

14

17,926
61,763

25,778

61,763

TOTAL AVAILABLE STABLE FUNDING (ASF)

984,120

Required stable funding (RSF) Items
15

Total high‑quality liquid assets (HQLA)

15a Assets encumbered for a residual maturity of one year or more in a cover pool
16

Deposits held at other financial institutions for operational purposes

17

Performing loans and securities:

250

10,413

6

1

1

9,279
5

433,499

93,040

642,326

650,883

18

Performing securities financing transactions with financial customers collateralised
by Level 1 HQLA subject to 0% haircut

113,944

4,910

5,396

13,040

19

Performing securities financing transactions with financial customer collateralised
by other assets and loans and advances to financial institutions

132,919

12,305

9,982

27,290

20

Performing loans to non‑financial corporate clients, loans to retail and small
business customers, and loans to sovereigns, and PSEs, of which

120,158

59,023

372,265

406,659

21
22

With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35% under the Basel Standardised
Approach for credit risk
5,078

5,143

172,478

117,581

23

With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35% under the Basel Standardised
Approach for credit risk

5,078

5,143

172,478

117,581

24

Other loans and securities that are not in default and do not qualify as HQLA,
including exchange‑traded equities and trade finance on‑balance sheet products

61,400

11,659

82,205

86,313

25

542

29,226
254

Performing residential mortgages, of which

Interdependent assets

26

Other assets

27

Physical traded commodities

28

Assets posted as initial margin for derivative contracts and contributions to default
funds of CCPs

29

NSFR derivative assets

30

NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of variation margin posted

31

All other assets not included in the above categories

17,926

25,778
10,110
30,767

8,594
26,152

103,619

5,181

47,661

2,996

79,755

431,582

18,425

38,209

95,927

32

Off‑balance sheet items

33

TOTAL REQUIRED STABLE FUNDING (RSF)

848,977

34

NET STABLE FUNDING RATIO (%)

115.92%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

23,731

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

5

In the following table and in the event of an early repayment option,
the rules applied are the most conservative:

SCHEDULE OF THE BANK’S PRUDENTIAL
BALANCE SHEET
This schedule presents cash flows according to contractual payment
dates within the prudential scope (see Scope of application in
section 5.2 Capital management and capital adequacy) in line with
the rules defined for the liquidity ratio.
The securities in the trading book listed at fair value through profit
or loss are presented with “not determined” maturities, as the
securities’ contractual maturity is not representative of the Group’s
planned holding period. Likewise, derivative financial instruments
listed at fair value through profit or loss, derivatives used for hedging
purposes and remeasurement adjustments on interest‑rate risk
hedged portfolios are presented with “not determined” maturities.

■ if the option is at the hands of both parties, the repayment date

is the next contractual date for the exercise of the option;
■ if the option is at the hands of the counterparty, the date for the

repayment of assets is the date of final maturity while that used
for liabilities is the next contractual date for the exercise of the
option;
■ if the option is at the hands of the Group, the repayment date is

the next contractual date for the exercise of the option, for both
assets and liabilities;
■ in the case of subordinated debt, the redemption date used is

the final maturity date.

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

543

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

➤ TABLE 100: CONTRACTUAL MATURITIES OF THE PRUDENTIAL BALANCE SHEET (EU CR1‑A) [Audited]
31 December 2024

In millions of euros

Not determined

Overnight or
demand

Up to 1 month
(excl.
Overnight)

1 to 3 months

3 months
to 1 year

1 to 5 years

More than
5 years

TOTAL

ASSETS
Cash and amounts due from central banks
Financial instruments at fair value through profit
and loss
Securities

182,504
591,250

182,504

42,333

97,130

30,911

28,187

23,440

4,768

267,920

Loans and repurchase agreements

818,022
267,920

42,333

97,130

30,911

28,187

23,440

4,768

226,771

Derivative financial instruments

323,331

323,331

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

20,930

20,930

Financial assets at fair value through equity

1,637

140

1,800

1,304

3,728

28,932

38,943

76,484

Debt securities

27

140

1,800

1,304

3,728

28,932

38,943

74,874

Equity securities

1,610

Financial assets at amortised cost

146

Loans and advances to credit institutions
Loans and advances to customers
Debt securities
Remeasurement adjustment on interest rate risk
hedged portfolios

146

1,610
42,076

80,712

88,862

156,057

408,647

313,213

1,089,713

7,455

11,806

5,173

4,772

1,539

648

31,393

34,472

65,560

78,389

130,328

344,865

257,875

911,489

148

3,347

5,301

20,957

62,242

54,690

146,830

(758)

(758)

Financial assets

613,205

267,054

179,643

121,078

187,972

461,019

356,924

Other assets

178,054

8,916

9,421

5,503

11,061

27,537

5,435

245,928

TOTAL ASSETS

791,259

275,970

189,064

126,581

199,032

488,556

362,359

2,432,823

75,718

174,496

114,473

163,287

369,845

263,292

1,161,111

289

5,147

6,605

24,684

91,174

93,632

359,434

36,489

194,996

50,812

45,095

59,779

22,299

382,202

36,489

189,196

43,873

21,992

11,236

2,091

5,800

6,939

23,102

48,543

20,207

of which Loans and advances
of which Debt securities

137,902

2,186,895

LIABILITIES
Deposit from central banks
Financial instruments at fair value through profit
and loss
Securities

3,366
382,202
79,958

Deposits and repurchase agreements

79,958

Issued debt securities
Derivative financial instruments

302,243

302,243

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

36,823

36,823

Financial liabilities at amortised cost

712,068

192,246

169,571

110,293

86,230

Deposits from credit institutions

10,265

11,656

27,436

10,360

3,035

314

Deposits from customers

701,803

170,597

97,292

54,130

10,103

2,741

9,986

43,318

44,207

66,612

36,095

6

1,525

1,595

6,480

21,131

Debt securities
Subordinated debt

544

60,281

Remeasurement adjustment on interest rate risk
hedged portfolios

(10,696)

Financial liabilities

408,329

751,923

387,242

220,383

155,388

146,009

82,580

408,329

Other liabilities

235,115

4,644

15,332

3,710

2,523

1,290

18,355

235,115

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

643,444

756,567

402,574

224,093

157,911

147,298

100,934

643,444

(10,696)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

5

31 December 2023

In millions of euros

Not determined

Overnight or
demand

Up to 1 month
(excl.
Overnight)

1 to 3 months

3 months
to 1 year

1 to 5 years

More than
5 years

TOTAL

ASSETS
Cash and amounts due from central banks
Financial instruments at fair value through profit
and loss
Securities

288,270
504,881

288,270

65,049

86,442

30,200

24,195

16,466

4,686

731,919

65,049

86,442

30,200

24,195

16,466

4,686

227,038

212,127

Loans and repurchase agreements

212,127

Derivative financial instruments

292,754

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

21,814

Financial assets at fair value through equity

2,301

81

1,571

1,418

3,440

16,706

29,725

55,242

Debt securities

26

81

1,571

1,418

3,440

16,706

29,725

52,967

Equity securities

2,275
40,769

69,096

81,123

149,178

398,239

298,489

1,037,042

Financial assets at amortised cost

150

292,754
21,814

2,275

Loans and advances to credit institutions

7,058

8,971

4,672

2,496

496

560

24,255

Loans and advances to customers(1)

33,157

58,033

71,940

126,098

349,672

252,907

891,806

553

2,092

4,511

20,584

48,071

45,021

120,982

394,168

157,108

112,741

176,814

431,410

332,900

2,131,627

Debt securities

150

Remeasurement adjustment on interest rate risk
hedged portfolios

(2,661)

Financial assets

526,485

(2,661)

Other assets

174,813

9,772

8,581

1,568

1,521

766

5,575

202,596

TOTAL ASSETS

701,298

403,941

165,690

114,309

178,335

432,176

338,475

2,334,224

-

98,125

153,446

106,812

152,789

366,634

258,154

1,135,960

133,195

635

3,662

5,929

24,024

64,777

74,746

306,969

of which Loans and advances(1)
of which Debt securities

5

LIABILITIES
Deposit from central banks
Financial instruments at fair value through profit
and loss
Securities

3,374
384,357

35,669

3,374
161,410

52,685

36,213

49,455

21,783

104,910

Deposits and repurchase agreements
Issued debt securities
Derivative financial instruments

279,446

Derivatives used for hedging purposes

37,911

Financial liabilities at amortised cost

741,573
104,910

35,451

157,221

47,554

20,074

11,907

1,667

273,873

218

4,190

5,131

16,140

37,549

20,116

83,343
279,446
37,911

701,969

169,081

170,762

115,776

75,661

53,852

1,287,102

Deposits from credit institutions

14,293

4,219

53,913

10,944

2,154

67

85,590

Deposits from customers

687,569

153,167

83,997

57,565

7,978

3,598

993,875

107

11,647

32,852

46,140

57,453

36,473

184,672

1,127

8,076

13,715

22,965

Debt securities
Subordinated debt
Remeasurement adjustment on interest rate risk
hedged portfolios

48
(14,175)

(14,175)

Financial liabilities

408,093

741,012

330,491

223,447

151,989

125,116

75,635

Other non‑financial liabilities

229,199

3,965

22,483

2,466

1,903

585

17,838

2,055,785
278,439

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

637,292

744,977

352,974

225,914

153,893

125,701

93,473

2,334,224

(1) Including the reallocation by maturity buckets of the main Prime Brokerage oustandings, with no impact on total oustandings of Loans and advances to
customers and Deposits from customers.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

545

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

For liquidity risk management, the above contractual schedule is
supplemented by economic analyses taking into account customer
behaviour or market liquidity of certain assets (e.g. securities), under
normal conditions and stress situations.

The following table presents the details of Table 100: Contractual
maturities of the prudential balance sheet for equity instruments
and debt securities issued by the Group in the medium and long
term, excluding early redemption options.

To this end, the Group uses a set of tools to anticipate and manage
its economic liquidity, in particular as previously stated:
■ medium and long‑term liquidity situations;
■ stress tests and the liquidity reserve;
■ monitoring regulatory liquidity ratios.

➤ TABLE 101: CONTRACTUAL MATURITIES OF CAPITAL INSTRUMENTS AND MEDIUM LONG TERM DEBT SECURITIES IN
THE PRUDENTIAL SCOPE

TOTAL
31 December
2024

2025

2026

2027

2028

2029

15,872

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

15,872

Subordinated debt

3,851

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

3,851

Preferred shares and Undated super
subordinated notes

12,021

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

12,021

25,416

3,069

2,697

2,666

177

-

11,581

5,226

-

-

11,581

5,226

-

11,581

5,208

In millions of euros

Amount(1) of liabilities eligible to Additional
Tier 1

(1)

Amount

of debt eligible to Tier 2

Subordinated debt

25,416

3,069

2,697

2,666

177

of which subordinated debt at amortised
cost

25,398

3,069

2,697

2,666

177

of which subordinated debt at fair value
through profit and loss

18

2030‑2034 Beyond 2034

Perpetual

18

(1)

Amount of debt not eligible to prudential
own funds

2,472

228

-

-

-

-

621

-

1,623

Unsecured Senior debt

195,073

33,465

28,830

25,753

25,085

27,408

43,316

11,216

-

Non‑preferred senior debt

73,240

5,383

6,776

11,409

12,072

8,604

22,747

6,249

-

68,744

5,358

6,776

11,409

12,072

8,583

22,346

2,200

-

of which non preferred senior debt
at amortised cost
of which non preferred senior debt at fair
value through profit and loss

4,496

25

21

401

4,049

-

121,833

28,082

22,054

14,344

13,013

18,804

20,569

4,967

-

of which preferred senior debt at amortised
cost

32,264

2,313

5,587

2,991

4,123

7,159

9,930

161

of which preferred senior debt at fair value
through profit and loss

89,569

25,769

16,467

11,353

8,890

11,645

10,639

4,806

-

13,350

3,339

2,288

1,042

4,514

281

1,610

276

-

Preferred senior debt

Secured Senior debt
(1) Accounting value before any prudential adjustments.

546

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

Tables providing details of instruments recognised as capital (CET1,
AT1 and Tier 2), as well as debt instruments eligible for TLAC ratio
(senior non‑preferred debt), as required (EU CCA) by implementing
Regulation (EU) No. 2021/637, are available in the BNP Paribas Debt
section of the Investor Relations website: https://invest.bnpparibas/
recherche/dette/documents/informations‑sur‑les
programmes‑et‑les‑emissions .

5

Some debt instruments shown above have an early redemption
(“call”) option exercisable by the Group (Issuer). The following table
shows the maturity schedule for debt and other subordinated
liabilities by considering, where appropriate, the next date on which
the option may be exercised (“call date”). Calls may only be
exercised after authorisation from the regulator. The maturity dates
shown hereafter are purely contractual and do not foresee the
Group’s call policy.

➤ TABLE 102: ECONOMIC(1) MATURITIES OF SUBORDINATED DEBT (PRUDENTIAL PERIMETER)

In millions of euros
(2)

Amount
Tier 1

of liabilities eligible to Additional

TOTAL
31 December
2024

2025

2026

2027

2028

2029

2030‑2034 Beyond 2034

Perpetual

15,872

1,347

-

2,681

2,605

2,952

6,287

-

-

Subordinated debt

3,851

-

-

-

1,449

-

2,402

-

-

Preferred shares and undated super
subordinated notes

12,021

1,347

-

2,681

1,157

2,952

3,885

Amount(2) of debt eligible to Tier 2

25,416

3,767

4,586

5,610

2,498

2,420

5,377

1,157

-

Subordinated debt

25,416

3,767

4,586

5,610

2,498

2,420

5,377

1,157

of which subordinated debt at amortised
cost

25,398

3,767

4,586

5,610

2,498

2,420

5,377

1,139

of which subordinated debt at fair value
through profit and loss

18

-

2,472

228

18

(2)

Amount of debt not eligible to prudential
own funds

-

-

71

621

-

-

5

1,553

(1) The economic maturity is defined as either the contractual maturity or the next call date when the instrument has an early redemption option.
(2) Accounting value before any prudential adjustments.

ENCUMBRANCE OF GROUP ASSETS AND ASSETS RECEIVED BY THE GROUP
Assets on the balance sheet and financial instruments received in
guarantee used as pledges, guarantees or enhancement of a Group
transaction and which cannot be freely withdrawn are considered to
be encumbered.

funding in this section) or by participating in monetary policy,
thus diversifying and optimising its funding structure.

The encumbrance of assets is central to the Group’s businesses and
has two aims:

Thus, the encumbrance of assets can be distinguished from the
transfer of assets shown in note 4.p Transfers of financial assets to
the consolidated financial statements insofar as it only comprises
the following transactions:

■ to trade in derivatives or repurchase agreements, including the

■ securities recognised in the Bank’s balance sheet, which have

payment of margin calls to secure transactions (see paragraphs
on Bilateral initial margin exchange and Counterparty credit
risk management in section 5.6 Counterparty credit risk);
■ to obtain funding, by issuing secured debt, in particular

asset‑backed securities (see Proprietary securitisation
(originator) in section 5.5 Securitisation in the banking book),
covered bonds (see paragraph on MLT secured wholesale

been sold or loaned, on a temporary basis, by the Bank under
repurchase agreements (repos and securities lending) but
which are not derecognised in the Bank’s balance sheet once
the transaction is complete;
■ assets securitised by the Bank (within efficient and inefficient

programmes), which continue to be recognised in the Bank’s
balance sheet under the applicable consolidation rules
contained in the accounting standard, to hedge the issue of
asset‑backed securities.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

547

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

Based on the definitions above, guarantees given to clearing houses
or central banks in the context of monetary policy, along with asset
portfolios hedging the issue of secured bonds, fall within the scope of
the encumbrance of assets but do not fall within the scope of asset
transfers. The same applies to repurchase agreements (repos) and
loans in the case of securities that are not recognised in the Bank’s
balance sheet (because they were previously received under reverse
repos and securities borrowing) and to securities received under
repurchase agreements (reverse repos) and securities borrowings.

ENCUMBRANCE OF ASSETS
AND COLLATERAL RECEIVED
The monitoring of encumbered assets and assets received is carried
out within the prudential scope defined in the section Scope of
application in section 5.2 Capital management and capital
adequacy.
The amounts of encumbered and unencumbered assets and
collateral received are shown in the following table according to the
provisions of Execution Regulation (EU) 2021/637. Thus, all data
presented in the table are calculated as the median of the four
quarter ends of the corresponding year. Each total line is thus
calculated as the median of the four values of the total at each end
of quarter, not as the sum of the median values for the year.
The median ratio of encumbered assets relative to Group balance
sheet assets was 14.61% in 2024, compared to 14.63% in 2023.

➤ TABLE 103: ENCUMBRED AND UNENCUMBERED ASSETS
➤ Encumbered and unencumbered assets
010

030

040

050

060

080

090

100

Four end of quarter median values in 2024
Carrying amount
of encumbered assets

Fair value of encumbered assets

Total

of which HQLA
and EHQLA(1)

010 ASSETS

357,308

030 Equity instruments

67,562

040 Debt securities

157,208

122,634

157,208

3,043

2,494

3,043

In millions of euros

050

of which covered bonds

of which HQLA
and EHQLA(1)

Total

of which HQLA
and EHQLA(1)

173,265

2,088,842

396,935

46,878

68,441

29,116

122,634

217,916

2,494

4,026

196,047

217,916

196,047

3,541

4,026

3,541

060

of which asset‑backed securities

1,929

416

1,929

416

7,861

375

7,861

375

070

of which issued by general governments

116,925

115,483

116,925

115,483

168,628

167,438

168,628

167,438

080

of which issued by financial corporations

27,833

4,043

27,833

4,043

37,806

7,062

37,806

7,062

090

of which issued by non‑financial
corporations

12,888

2,241

12,888

2,241

5,224

529

120 Other assets

131,603

5,224

529

1,802,238

172,651

194,519

172,651

121

of which: Loans on demand

122

of which: Loans and advances other than
loans on demand

41,914

1,170,573

123

of which: Other assets

87,796

444,664

(1) Assets of extremely high liquidity and credit quality.

548

Fair value of unencumbered
assets

Total

Total

of which HQLA
and EHQLA(1)

Carrying amount
of unencumbered assets

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

010

030

040

050

060

080

090

5

100

Four end of quarter median values in 2023
Carrying amount
of encumbered assets

In millions of euros

010 ASSETS

Fair value of encumbered assets

Total

of which HQLA
and EHQLA(1)

354,106

135,540

Total

of which HQLA
and EHQLA(1)

Carrying amount
of unencumbered assets

Fair value of unencumbered
assets

Total

of which HQLA
and EHQLA(1)

2,067,026

464,382

Total

of which HQLA
and EHQLA(1)

030 Equity instruments

24,694

16,253

61,759

22,956

040 Debt securities

148,995

119,481

148,995

119,481

175,765

154,098

175,765

154,098

3,458

2,839

3,458

2,839

2,975

2,723

2,975

2,723

050

of which covered bonds

060

of which asset‑backed securities

867

558

867

558

7,615

3

7,615

3

070

of which issued by general governments

112,222

110,833

112,222

110,833

137,469

135,332

137,469

135,332

080

of which issued by financial corporations

27,861

4,093

27,861

4,093

24,982

6,177

24,982

6,177

090

of which issued by non‑financial
corporations

8,999

1,779

8,999

1,779

8,973

1,119

120 Other assets

178,102

8,973

1,119

1,838,784

283,351

301,377

283,351

121

of which: Loans on demand

122

of which: Loans and advances other than
loans on demand

85,622

1,079,703

123

of which: Other assets

91,909

434,107

(1) Assets of extremely high liquidity and credit quality.

The other encumbered assets mainly comprised loans and advances
(often used when issuing asset‑backed securities issues or
guaranteed bonds) and amount to EUR 42 billion. The balance,
grouped under line 123 “of which other assets”, comprises guarantee
deposits and bank guarantees paid in respect of derivatives
(recognised in the Accrued income and other assets category)
amounting to EUR 88 billion.

The other unencumbered assets amount to EUR 445 billion. They
mainly include intangible assets, goodwill, current and deferred tax
assets, and assets ineligible for financing programmes under normal
business conditions.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

549

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

➤ Encumbered and unencumbered collateral received
010

030

040

060

010

030

040

060

Four end of quarter median values in 2023

Four end of quarter median values in 2024

Fair value of encumbered collateral Fair value of collateral received or Fair value of encumbered collateral Fair value of collateral received or
received or own(1) debt securities
own(1) debt securities issued received or own(1) debt securities
own(1) debt securities issued
issued
available for encumbrance
issued
available for encumbrance

In millions of euros

130 COLLATERAL RECEIVED

Total

of which HQLA
and EHQLA(2)

Total

of which HQLA
and EHQLA(2)

Total

of which HQLA
and EHQLA(2)

Total

of which HQLA
and EHQLA(2)

623,666

489,121

91,556

50,235

548,698

450,565

72,634

40,558

150 Equity instruments

164,366

110,238

17,262

4,066

139,591

97,423

12,123

4,620

140 Loans on demand
160 Debt securities

454,326

383,856

74,098

44,902

412,865

356,143

61,156

37,553

170

of which covered bonds

12,831

11,442

1,996

1,684

7,548

5,293

1,875

1,354

180

of which asset‑backed securities

6,667

258

5,897

1,460

5,871

218

6,846

513

190

of which issued by general
governments

367,584

365,807

30,810

29,755

346,412

345,059

24,316

23,798

200

of which issued by financial
corporations

43,496

12,878

14,169

2,994

30,969

7,257

13,383

2,277

210

of which issued by non‑financial
corporations

46,736

6,988

24,265

8,103

36,760

5,440

15,899

6,039

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

92,610

-

68,876

-

Loans and advances other than loans
220 on demand
230 Other collateral received
OWN(1) DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED
OTHER THAN OWN COVERED BONDS
240 OR ASSET‑BACKED SECURITIES
OWN(1) COVERED BONDS AND
ASSET‑BACKED SECURITIES AND NOT
241 YET PLEDGED
TOTAL ASSETS, COLLATERAL PLEDGED
AND OWN(2) DEBT SECURITIES
250 ISSUED

975,104

665,510

915,448

586,106

(1) Financial assets issued by a Group entity and underwritten by the Group.
(2) Assets of extremely high liquidity and credit quality.

The amount of own collateralised bonds and asset‑backed securities (ABS and collateralised bonds) without collateral amounted to
EUR 93 billion (EUR 92 billion available and EUR 1 billion not available) for an outstanding amount of underlying assets of EUR 113 billion.
➤ Encumbered assets/collateral received and associated liabilities
010

In millions of euros

030

030

Four end of quarter median values in 2024

Four end of quarter median values in 2023

Matching liabilities, Assets, collateral received
contingent liabilities or and own debt securities
securities lent
issued(1)

Matching liabilities, Assets, collateral received
contingent liabilities or and own debt securities
securities lent
issued(1)

010

CARRYING AMOUNT OF SELECTED FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

824,981

975,104

766,746

915,448

011

of which: Repurchase agreements

381,821

402,850

346,474

361,885

012

of which: Collateralised deposits other than repurchase
agreements

113,241

113,431

101,560

110,923

013

of which: Debt securities issued

35,702

37,764

36,371

37,903

014

of which: Other sources of encumbrance

322,174

447,204

276,463

393,876

(1) Other than encumbered secured bonds and securities backed by encumbered assets.

550

010

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Liquidity risk

Encumbered assets, collateral received and own fixed‑income
securities are mainly issued by general government entities, raising
EUR 490 billion and make it possible to obtain EUR 455 billion of
financing.
In median data as at 31 December 2024, Fixed‑Income Credit and
Commodities and Prime Solutions & Financing businesses as well as
Securities Services represented 82% of the Group’s encumbered
assets (EUR 292 billion) and 100% of the collateral received (EUR

5

623 billion), i.e. 93% of the encumbrance (EUR 907 billion). These are
mainly repos and derivatives activities. The other encumbered assets
are mainly held through financing activities of ALM Treasury.
Encumbered assets and received and encumbered collateral are
denominated mainly in euros or dollars (for a median amount of 33%
and 49%, respectively, over the year).

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

551

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Operational risk

5.9 Operational risk
Operational risk is the risk of incurring a loss due to inadequate
or failed internal processes, or due to external events, whether
deliberate, accidental or natural occurrences. Management of
operational risk is based on an analysis of the “cause – event –
consequences” chain.
Internal processes giving rise to operational risk may involve
employees and/or IT systems. External events include, but are
not limited to floods, fire, earthquakes and terrorist attacks.
Credit or market events such as default or fluctuations in value
do not fall within the scope of operational risk.

Operational risk encompasses fraud, Human Resources risks,
legal risks, non‑compliance risks, tax risks, information system
risks, conduct risks (risks related to the provision of inappropriate
financial services), risk related to failures in operating processes,
including loan procedures or model risks, as well as any potential
financial implications resulting from the management of
reputation risk.

REGULATORY FRAMEWORK
Operational and non‑compliance risks come under a specific
regulatory framework:
■ Directive 36/2013/UE (CRD 4) and Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013

(CRR) governing prudential supervision and the methods for
calculating the amount of capital requirements to cover the
operational risk;
■ French Ministry of Finance Decree of 3 November 2014, which

defines the roles and responsibilities of the RISK Function
(covering all types of risks) and an internal control system
which ensures the efficiency and quality of the Bank’s internal
operations, the reliability of internal and external information,
the security of transactions, as well as compliance with
applicable laws, regulations and internal policies.
Banking regulations divide operational loss events into seven
categories: (i) internal fraud, (ii) external fraud, (iii) employment

552

practices and safety (such as an anomaly arising from recruitment
management), (iv) clients, products and business practices (such as
product defects, mis‑selling, professional misconduct, etc.),
(v) damage to physical assets, (vi) business disruption and system
failures, (vii) execution, delivery and process management (data
entry error, error in documentation, etc.).
Effective management of non‑compliance risk aims to ensure
compliance with applicable laws, regulations, rules of ethics and
instructions, protect the Group’s reputation, that of its investors and
that of its customers, ensure ethical professional behaviour, prevent
conflicts of interest, protect customers’ interests and market
integrity, fight against money laundering, corruption and the
financing of terrorist activities, as well as ensure compliance with
financial embargoes.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Operational risk

5

ORGANISATION AND OVERSIGHT MECHANISM
KEY PLAYERS AND GOVERNANCE

OBJECTIVES AND PRINCIPLES

The general internal control system at BNP Paribas underpins
management of operational, non‑compliance and reputation risks as
part of its dual‑level system to ensure periodic and permanent
control.

To meet this dual requirement of the management and control of
operational risk, BNP Paribas has developed a permanent iterative
risk management process based on the following elements:

Within BNP Paribas, the control functions providing the second line
of defence are Compliance, RISK and LEGAL. General Inspection
provides a third line of defence responsible for periodic controls.
These four Group oversight and control functions are organised
according to a hierarchical reporting principle by all their teams
worldwide, guaranteeing their independence and resource autonomy.

■ formalisation,

The governance of the Group’s internal control system is described
in the section Internal control in chapter 2 Corporate governance
and internal control.
Within the RISK Function, the second line of defence in terms of
operational, technological and information protection risks
(cybersecurity) is provided by Operational Risk Officers in the
operating entities in accordance with the operational risk
management system defined and supervised by RISK Operational
Risk Management (RISK ORM).
The operational risk management and control system for the Group
as a whole is structured around a dual‑level system with the
following participants:
■ on the first level of defence: operational staff, notably the

Heads of operating entities, business lines and functions, who
are on the front‑line of risk management and implementation of
systems to manage these risks;
■ on the second line of defence: the functions exercising

second‑level control that are responsible for the organisation
and proper functioning of the risk management system and its
compliance with laws and regulations for their domain of
expertise as defined in their Responsibility Charter. These teams
are, in particular, responsible for:
■

■

coordinating, throughout the scope of responsabilities, the
definition and implementation of the permanent control and
operational risk identification and management system, its
standards and methodologies, reporting and related tools;
acting as a second pair of eyes, independently of the Heads of
operating entities, to scrutinise operational risk factors and
the functioning of the operational risk and permanent control
system, and issuing warnings, where appropriate.

Issues relating to operational risk, permanent control and the
emergency plan to ensure business continuity in those situations
specified in the regulatory standards are regularly submitted to the
Group’s Executive Committee. The Group operating entities and
subsidiaries implement this governance structure within their
organisations, with the participation of Executive Management.
For its part, Compliance is in charge of supervising the
non‑compliance and reputation risk control system (see section 5.3).

■ identifying and assessing operational risks;

implementing and monitoring of the risk
mitigation system (procedures, checks and all organisational
elements designed to help to control risk, such as segregation
of tasks, management of access rights, etc.);

■ producing measurements of known and potential risks and

calculating the capital requirement for operational risk;
■ reporting and analysing oversight information relating to

operational risk and the permanent control system;
■ managing the system through a governance framework that

involves members of management, preparing and monitoring
action plans.
This system encompasses two major pillars:
■ the identification and assessment of risk and of the control

system based on the libraries of risks and controls defined by
the Group’s business lines and functions. Each entity must take
into consideration those risks and, if necessary, enhance them
when assessing the intrinsic and residual risks in accordance
with the standard Group scoring grid;

5

■ the risk management system is underpinned by procedures,

standards and generic control plans consistent with the
above‑mentioned risk libraries, and which each entity must
apply, unless an exception is authorised, and enhance according
to their own characteristics.

SCOPE AND NATURE OF RISK REPORTING AND
MEASUREMENT
Group Executive Committees, and those of operating entities
(business lines, functions and subsidiaries), are tasked with
monitoring the management of operational and non‑compliance risk
and permanent control in the areas falling within their remit, in
accordance with the Group’s operational risk framework. The
committees validate the quality and consistency of reporting data,
examine their risk profile in light of the tolerance levels they have
set in keeping with the Group Risk Appetite Statement, and assess
the quality of risk control procedures according to their objectives
and the risks they incur. They monitor the implementation of risk
mitigation techniques.
Operational risk management has developed a system of data
collection of actual or potential incidents using an approach
structured by organisational process and business unit (activities in
a country and a single legal entity) focusing on the cause‑and‑effect
chain behind events. This information is used as the basis for risk
mitigation and prevention measures.
The most significant information is brought to the attention of staff
at various levels of the organisation, up to and including executive
managers and supervisory bodies, in line with a predefined
information reporting process.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

553

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Operational risk

SPECIFIC COMPONENTS LINKED TO OPERATIONAL RISK
By its nature, operational risk covers numerous areas related with
the Group’s usual business activity and is linked to specific risks such
as non‑compliance, reputation, legal, fiscal and cybersecurity risks
which are monitored in specific ways.

Reputation risk management is based on the following elements:
■ individual responsibility of employees: the Group’s employees

have an essential role in managing reputation risk. Any
employee confronted with the actual or potential occurrence of
a credit, market or operational risk (including in the area of IT
and cybersecurity, a non‑compliance, legal or social risk, and/or
the violation of a law or regulation, or of the Group’s Code of
conduct or procedures), that could lead to a reputation risk for
the Group or one of its entities, must communicate,
immediately and without delay, his or her concern to his or her
line manager or to a more senior manager. This individual
responsibility is one of the key elements of the Group’s Code of
conduct, which is at the heart of every action and guides all
employees in their decisions, at all levels of the organisation.
The employee awareness programme also reiterates the
responsibility of each individual and guides them, in particular
through information on identifying, controlling and managing
reputation risk, the Group’s values and its ethics standards;

NON‑COMPLIANCE AND REPUTATION RISK
Definitions
Non‑compliance risk is defined in French regulations as the risk of
legal, administrative or disciplinary sanctions, of significant financial
loss or reputational damage that a bank may suffer as a result of
failure to comply with national or European laws and regulations,
codes of conduct and standards of good practice applicable to
banking and financial activities, or instructions given by leaders,
particularly in application of guidelines issued by a supervisory body.
The non‑compliance risk is a sub‑category of operational risk.
Moreover, certain of its implications can involve more than a purely
financial loss and may actually damage the institution’s reputation.
Reputation risk is the risk of damaging the Group’s image, the trust
placed in a corporation by customers, counterparties, suppliers,
employees, shareholders, supervisors and any other stakeholder
whose trust is an essential condition for the corporation to carry out
its day‑to‑day operations.

■ permanent control: identifying and managing reputation risk

are part of the objectives of the permanent control system.
Implementation of the procedures and recommendations of the
periodic control, the results of the controls and reports from
the whistleblowing system are closely monitored. Reputation
risk is also taken into account in the process for validating
exceptional transactions, new businesses, and new products.
The Group has procedures for conflicts of interest, market
integrity, adequacy and appropriateness of offers to clients, best
execution of their orders, anti‑money laundering, terrorist
financing and corruption, compliance with international
sanctions and embargoes, and social and environmental
responsibility that, along with the Code of conduct, are
conducive to effective management of reputation risk;

Reputation risk is primarily contingent on all the other risks borne by
the Group, specifically the effective or potential materialisation of a
credit, market risk, an operational, non‑compliance, environmental,
social or legal risk, as well as any violation of a law, a regulation of
the Group’s Code of conduct or procedure.

Group organisation
Responsibility for controlling the risk of non‑compliance lies
primarily with the activities and business lines. In this context, and
in accordance with international standards and French regulations,
Compliance manages the system for monitoring non‑compliance
risks for the scope of all of the Group’s businesses in France and
abroad.

■ corporate engagement: the Corporate Engagement Department

■ the deployment of risk prevention and detection tools (systems

is made up of the Corporate Social and Environmental
Responsibility and Group Communication Functions. It defines
and implements the Group’s strategy of engagement in the
main sectors related to the future of the society, such as
economic development, the environment and energy transition;
social integration and regional development; diversity and
respect for human rights. These areas are particularly relevant
to the protection against risk to the Group’s reputation.
Furthermore, one of the major missions of Corporate
Communication is to protect the reputation of the Group and its
entities, as well as being a source of information for employees
and the public, whose trust is essential for the Group.

for combating money laundering, the financing of terrorism and
corruption, detection of market abuse, etc.);

The Compliance Function is responsible centrally for coordinating
initiatives related to reputation risk management.

The system for managing non‑compliance risks is based on a
permanent control system, structured around the following axes:
■ general and specific procedures;
■ processes for identifying and assessing risks, monitoring,

reporting information and alerts, coordinated to ensure overall
consistency and effectiveness;

■ training

and awareness‑raising initiatives for all Group
employees.

554

The Group’s reputation risk management framework, like the entire
internal control system, is under the responsibility of the Group
Supervisory and Control Committee (GSCC), which is chaired by the
Chief Executive Officer (see chapter 2 Corporate governance and
internal control, section Internal control).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Operational risk

LEGAL RISK

TAX RISK

The LEGAL Function is an independent function of the BNP Paribas
Group and is hierarchically integrated with all the Group’s legal
teams. LEGAL is responsible for managing legal risks and
interpreting the laws and regulations applicable to the Group’s
activities and providing legal advice and guidance to the Group in a
manner that meets the highest standards of excellence and integrity.
The LEGAL Function provides Executive Officers and the Board of
directors with reasonable assurance that legal risks are monitored,
controlled and mitigated at the Group level. It is responsible for the
prevention and management of legal risks within the Group through
its advisory and control roles.

BNP Paribas ensures compliance with the tax regulations in force in
the various countries where the Group operates and which apply to
the sectors of activity covered by the Group's various entities, such
as banking, insurance and other financial services.

Legal risk refers to the potential loss to the BNP Paribas Group,
whether financial or reputational, which impacts or could impact
one or more entities of the BNP Paribas Group and/or its employees,
business lines, operations, products and/or its services, and results
from:
■ non‑compliance with a law or regulation or a change in law(s)

or regulation(s) (including a change in the interpretation or
application of a law or regulation by a court or competent
authority and any requirement of any regulatory or supervisory
authority);
■ a dispute (including all forms of alternative/extrajudicial

dispute resolution and court orders) or an investigation or
inquiry by a regulatory or supervisory authority (with
implications for LEGAL);
■ a contractual deficiency;

5

The tax mission is carried out by TAX, which has global powers in
order to ensure, in particular, control of tax risk at the Group level.
RISK, Compliance and Finance & Strategy are involved as the second
line of defence in monitoring the tax risk according to the domain
concerned (transactions carried out by the Group, obligations related
to the tax situation of clients, tax returns made by the Group).
TAX is composed of the Group Tax Department (GTD) and the tax
departments on which the GTD relies in certain businesses and in
the main geographical areas where the Group operates (there are
tax correspondents in the other jurisdictions where the Group
operates). In order to ensure the consistency of the Group’s tax
practices and the global tax risk monitoring, the Group Tax
Department:
■ has drawn up principles and guidelines that business lines must

comply with limit tax risks;
■ has implemented a process of feedback that contributes to the

control of local and global tax uncertainties;
■ oversees tax‑related operational risks by defining an adequate

system for managing these risks, in particular by drawing up
and validating control plans;
■ oversees the internal audit recommendations falling within the

5

tax mission’s scope of responsibility.

■ a non‑contractual legal matter.

The LEGAL Function is responsible for:
■ every failure or deficiency in a legal process that may involve

the risk of a penalty, reputational risk or financial loss, in all
areas;
■ management of risk relating to a conflict with a counterparty, a

customer, a third party or a regulatory body, resulting from a
deficiency or default that could be attributable to the Group in
the course of its operations.

Strategic and preventive missions
In its strategic missions, LEGAL is responsible for:
■ defining the Group’s legal policy and overseeing its consistency;
■ providing legal advice to the Executive Management, business

lines and functions;
■ contributing to the Bank’s influence on regulatory, legislative or

market initiatives.

CYBERSECURITY AND TECHNOLOGY
The use and protection of data and technologies are determining
factors for the Bank’s activity and its transformation process.
While the Bank continues the roll‑out of Digital Banking (for the
Group’s customers and partners) and Digital Working (for the
Group’s employees), it must incorporate new technology and
innovative risk management practices, and establish new working
practices. This introduces new technology risks in the cybersecurity
area. In that context, the Group deploys significant resources to
identify, measure and control these risks.
Technology management and information systems security is part of
the Group’s cybersecurity strategy. This strategy is focused on the
preservation of the most sensitive data, regularly adapting both its
internal processes and procedures, and its employee training and
awareness to contend with increasingly sophisticated and varied
threats.

In its prevention missions, LEGAL is responsible for ensuring:
■ the Group’s legal security in connection with its commercial

activities or proprietary businesses;
■ the protection of the Group’s legal interests, including through

the management of the Group’s disputes and conflicts;
■ the legal protection of the Group’s managers or employees in

the ordinary course of their business.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

555

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Operational risk

To reinforce its technology and the protection of data, the Group has
adopted a comprehensive approach in cybersecurity management
through its three lines of defence:

The Group is responding to new technological and cybersecurity
risks as follows:

■ operating entities are the first line of defence. Since 2015, the

BNP Paribas relies heavily on communication and information
systems across all its business activities. Any breach in the
security of these systems could lead to failures or interruptions
in the systems used to manage customer relations or to record
transactions (deposits, services and loans) and could incur
major costs to recover and verify compromised data. The Group
regularly manages, and revises its crisis management and
recovery plans by testing its data recovery services and the
robustness of its information systems, using various scheduled
stress scenarios;

■ ITC risks linked to availability and continuity:

Group has introduced across all entities a transformation
programme based on the international standard NIST (National
Institute of Standards and Technology). This programme is
regularly updated taking into account new threats and recent
incidents identified around the world;
■ as a second line of defence, the team dedicated to managing

cybersecurity and technological risk within RISK ORM and under
the responsibility of the Group Chief Operational Risk Officer, is
tasked with the following in relation to Operational Risk
Officers:
■

■

■

■

■

■

■

■

■ security risks:

presenting the Group’s cybersecurity and technology risk
position to the Group Executive Committee, the Board of
directors, and the supervisory authorities,

the Bank is vulnerable to cybersecurity risk, or risk caused by
malicious and/or fraudulent acts, committed with the intention
of manipulating information (confidential, bank/insurance,
technical or strategic data), processes and users, which may
result in material losses for the Group’s subsidiaries,
employees, partners and customers. The Group continually
reassesses the threats as they evolve and mitigates risks
detected in good time by means of taking effective counter
measures;

monitoring the transformation programme across the entire
Group,
integrating the cybersecurity and technology risk aspects into
all major projects within the Group,
ensuring that policies, principles and major projects take
aspects of cybersecurity and technology risk into
consideration,

■ IT change‑related risks:

the Group’s information systems are changing rapidly in the
light of digital transformation. These risks, identified during the
systems’ design or modification phases, are regularly assessed
to ensure that the proposed solutions are consistent with the
needs of the Group’s business lines;

monitoring existing risks and identifying new threats likely to
have a negative impact on the Group’s business,
overseeing third‑party information systems risks within a
strengthened framework,
conducting independent assessment campaigns on priority
objectives,

■ data integrity risks:

confidentiality of customer data and transaction integrity are
areas covered by the same systems set up in response to
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (General Data
Protection Regulation – GDPR) intended to provide the Group’s
customers with a service that meets their expectations;

taking measures to assess and improve the Group’s ability to
respond to failings and incidents;

■ as the third line of defence, the role of General Inspection is to:
■

■
■

556

assess the processes put in place to manage ICT risks
(related to information and communication technologies), as
well as associated controls and governance,

■ third‑party information systems risks:

check for compliance with laws and regulations,
propose areas of improvement to support the mechanisms
put in place.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

the Bank is exposed to risks of financial default, breaches or
operational capacity constraints when it interacts with third
parties, including customers, financial intermediaries and other
market operators. The Group’s three lines of defence constitute
the management framework of these risks at every step of
integration until the end of the relationship with such third
parties.

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Operational risk

5

OPERATIONAL RISK EXPOSURE
The chart below shows the losses linked to operational risk,
according to the event classification defined in the current
regulation.

➤ FIGURE 14: OPERATIONAL LOSSES – BREAKDOWN
BY EVENT TYPE (AVERAGE 2016‑2024)

25% (2023: 22%)

3% (2023: 3%)

External fraud

Employment practices
and workplace safety

The breakdown of losses by type of operational risk for the period
2016‑2024 is quite close to the previous period (2015‑2023), with a
slight increase from 22% to 25% regarding external fraud while the
“Clients, products and business practices” category decreased from
38% to 35%.
This last risk type is still the main Risk, followed by process failures,
including errors in executing or processing transactions, and then
external fraud.
BNP Paribas Group pays the utmost attention to analysing its
operational risk incidents in order to continuously improve its
control system.

1% (2023: 1%)
Internal fraud

30% (2023: 31%)

35% (2023: 38%)

Execution,
delivery and
process
management

Clients, products
and business
practices

4% (2023: 4%)
Business disruption
and system failures

2% (2023: 1%)
Damage to
physical assets

5
CAPITAL REQUIREMENT CALCULATION
Operational risk‑weighted assets are calculated by multiplying the
capital requirement by 12.5.

APPROACH ADOPTED
BNP Paribas uses a hybrid approach combining the advanced
measurement approach (AMA), standardised approach, and basic
indicator approach.
In terms of net banking income, most legal entities within the
Group’s prudential scope of consolidation use the advanced
measurement approach. This includes most retail banking activities
in the domestic networks and private banking, as well as Corporate
& Institutional Banking.

Advanced measurement approach (AMA)
Under the AMA for calculating capital requirements, the Bank uses
an operational risk internal model based on the four components
required by regulations, namely:
■ internal historical loss data from operational risk;
■ external loss data from operational risk;
■ environmental and internal control factors;
■ analysis of forward‑looking scenarios, known as potential

incidents in the BNP Paribas Group.
BNP Paribas’ internal model in place since 2008 includes the
following features:
■ an aggregated annual loss distribution, meaning that the

frequency and severity of losses from operational risks are
modelled using an actuarial approach and according to
distributions calibrated with available risk data;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

557

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Operational risk

Fixed‑parameter approaches

■ it uses historical data as well as prospective scenarios to

calculate capital requirements, with a predominance for
scenarios because they can be shaped to reflect severe and less
frequent operational risks;

BNP Paribas uses fixed‑parameter approaches (basic or standard) to
calculate the capital requirements for entities in the Group’s
prudential consolidation scope that are not covered by the internal
model:

■ the model is faithful to its operational risk input data, so that its

results can be used easily by each of the Group’s business lines.
Most of the assumptions are therefore included in the data
themselves;

■ basic approach: the capital requirement is calculated as the

average over the past three years of a financial aggregate based
on net banking income (the exposure indicator) multiplied by a
unique alpha parameter set by the regulator (15% weighting);

■ it is prudent in its capital requirement calculations: the input

data are thoroughly reviewed, and any supplemental risk data
are added if needed to cover all relevant operational risks
within the Group.

■ standardised approach: the capital requirement is calculated as

the average over the past three years of a financial aggregate
based on net banking income multiplied by factors set by the
regulator and corresponding to each business category. For the
purposes of this calculation, all the Group’s business lines are
broken down into eight regulatory business categories.

Regulatory AMA capital requirements are calculated as VaR (Value at
Risk), or the maximum potential loss over one year, at a 99.9%
confidence level to calculate regulatory capital requirements. Capital
requirements are calculated at an aggregated level using risk data
from all Group entities in the AMA perimeter, then allocated to
business lines and individual legal entities.

RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS AND CAPITAL REQUIREMENT
➤ TABLE 104: OPERATIONAL RISK CAPITAL REQUIREMENT AND RISK‑WEIGHTED ASSETS (EU OR1)
a

b

c

d

e

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

RWAs Capital requirements

RWAs

Relevant indicators
In millions of euros

Year‑3

Year‑2

Last year

1 Basic indicator approach

4,537

5,233

4,850

9,137

731

3,911

2 Standardised approach

5,788

6,110

6,440

11,094

887

10,215

3

of which subject to TSA

5,788

6,110

6,440

11,094

887

10,215

4

of which subject to ASA

-

-

-

-

-

34,575

32,439

34,362

44,733

3,579

44,771

44,900

43,782

45,652

64,964

5,197

58,897

Advanced measurement
5 approach (AMA)
TOTAL OPERATIONAL RISK

The EUR 6.1 billion increase in risk‑weighted assets due to
operational risk in 2024 is driven by the global integration of
UkrisbBank and Arval, which were consolidated in the first and third
quarters respectively. Both impacts are reflected in the basic
indicator approach. A further rise in fixed‑parameter approaches is
related to the performance of the entities, and their higher average
Relevant indicator. As for the AMA capital, it remained stable in 2024.

RISK MITIGATION TECHNIQUES
AND INSURANCE POLICIES
BNP Paribas Group deals with its insurable risks with the triple aim
of protecting its balance sheet, its profit and loss account and its
staff. Its insurance set‑up is based on risk identification and
assessment, underpinned by risk mapping and by analysis of
operational loss profile, both historical and forward‑looking.

558

The Group purchases insurance from leaders in the insurance
market, covering computer crime, fraud, theft, business disruption,
liability and other risks for which it may be held responsible. In order
to optimise costs whilst effectively managing its exposure, the Group
retains some well‑identified risks whose impact in terms of
frequency and cost is known or can be adequately estimated.
In selecting insurers, the Group pays close attention to the credit
rating and claims paying ability of the companies concerned.
Detailed information on risks incurred by BNP Paribas, together with
risk assessment visits, enable insurers to assess the quality of risk
prevention within the Group, as well as the safeguard measures put
in place and upgraded on a regular basis in light of new standards
and regulations.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Insurance risks [Audited]

5

5.10 Insurance risks [Audited]
BNP PARIBAS CARDIF GROUP RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
Risk management is a process that allows identification,
measurement, monitoring, management and reporting of both the
risks arising from the external environment as well as intrinsic risks
inherent to the BNP Paribas Cardif insurance group. The objective is
to guarantee the solvency, business continuity, and development of
the BNP Paribas Cardif group, under satisfactory conditions of risk
and profitability.

the BNP Paribas Cardif group is exposed, in the form of
counterparty risk. Among the debtors, risks related to financial
instruments (including the banks in which the BNP Paribas
Cardif group holds deposits) and risks related to receivables
generated by the underwriting activities (premium collection,
reinsurance recovering, etc.) are divided into two categories:
asset credit risk and liability credit risk;

Within the framework of the provisions of article L.354‑2 of the
French Insurance Code, the BNP Paribas Cardif group conducts a
forward‑looking assessment of its solvency and risks every year
under the Solvency II framework, in particular:

■ underwriting risk: risk of financial losses caused by a sudden

■ the definition and evaluation of a capital requirement specific to

the risk profile;
■ the level of capital that the BNP Paribas Cardif group wishes to

hold to cover this specific requirement;
■ the forward‑looking solvency ratios under the medium‑term

plan;
■ the resilience of these ratios in stress test cases.

Depending on the observed solvency ratio levels and the forecasts
made under ORSA (Own Risk and Solvency Assessment), remedial
actions may be undertaken to adjust own capital.
The risk typology adopted by the BNP Paribas Cardif group is
changing in pace with methodological work and regulatory
requirements. It is presented according to the main categories as
follows:
■ market risk: risk of a financial loss arising from adverse

movements of financial markets. These adverse movements are
notably reflected in price fluctuations (foreign exchange rates,
bonds, equities and commodities, derivatives, real estate, etc.)
and derived from fluctuations in interest rates, credit spreads,
volatilities and correlations;
■ liquidity risk: risk of being unable to fulfil current or future

foreseen or unforeseen cash requirements coming from
insurance commitments to policyholders, because of an
inability to sell assets in a timely manner and at an acceptable
cost without having a significant impact on market prices; and/
or get access to alternative financing instruments in a timely
manner;
■ credit risk: risk of loss or adverse change in the financial

situation resulting from fluctuations in the credit standing of
issuers of securities, counterparties, and any debtors to which

and unexpected increase in insurance claims that may result
from inadequate pricing and provisioning assumptions due to
internal or external factors, including sustainability risks.
Depending on the type of insurance business (life, non‑life), this
risk may be statistical, macroeconomic or behavioural, or may
be related to public health issues or disasters;
■ operational risk: risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed

internal processes, IT failures or from external events, whether
accidental or natural. It includes legal, tax and non‑compliance
risks, but excludes risks arising from strategic decisions and
reputational risks.

5

The BNP Paribas Cardif group is exposed mainly to credit,
underwriting and market risks. The BNP Paribas Cardif group closely
monitors its exposures, taking into account these various risks and
the adequacy of its capital with regard to regulatory solvency
requirements. It endeavours to contain potential losses in adverse
scenarios at acceptable levels.
The risk strategy is implemented and monitored through an
organisation tailored to the broad risk classes and supported by ad
hoc governance structures. The governance and risk management
systems are presented in sections B. System of Governance and
C. Risk profile of the BNP Paribas Cardif group’s Solvency and
Financial Condition Report (SFCR), available on the institutional
website at https://www.bnpparibascardif.com/en/financial‑informations.
The solvency requirements for the BNP Paribas Cardif group under
Solvency II are shown in the section Capital adequacy and capital
planning of section 5.2 Capital management and capital adequacy.
Financial and underwriting risks related to insurance contracts
within the scope of IFRS 17 are disclosed in note 5. Notes relating to
insurance activities to the consolidated financial statements. The
note presents the assessment of these risks in accordance with the
principles of IFRS 17 as well as the risk management framework
implemented by the BNP Paribas Group.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

559

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Insurance risks [Audited]

MARKET RISK
Market risk arises mainly in the Savings business, where technical
reserves represent most of the BNP Paribas Cardif group insurance
subsidiaries' liabilities.

issued by countries in the Eurozone. The asset diversification policy
aims to invest in listed or non‑listed equities as well as real estate
assets.

General framework for monitoring market risk

Euro funds in underwritten life insurance policies are measured
based on either a contractual fixed rate or a variable rate, with or
without a minimum guaranteed return. All of these policies give rise
to an interest rate and asset value risk, corresponding to the risk
that the return on admissible assets is less than the contractual
return payable to policyholders or return payable defined in
consideration of the market expectations and the positioning of the
market players. In France, the average rate guaranteed by Cardif
Assurance Vie in 2024 was below 0.1%.

BNP Paribas Cardif has the necessary management tools to calibrate
its strategic asset allocation and to measure its risks of asset‑liability
adjustment. The asset‑liability studies enable the expected flows on
both the assets and the liabilities of the various general funds to be
forecast. They allow the duration of assets to be adjusted according
to the profile of the different liabilities.
The investment policy dictates the scope applicable to asset
management. It defines the principles along which the structure of
asset portfolios can be matched with the undertakings made to
policyholders, while optimising the expected return on investment in
relation to the set risk limit.

Credit spread risk

The implementation of the investment policy, assigned to the Asset
Management Department, is regulated for each portfolio by a
management agreement that specifies the investment limits geared
to different classes of asset. Market risk can also be managed with
financial hedging instruments.

Management of the risk of change in the value of assets

Exposure to market risk is also monitored through specific targeted
studies, such as the review of securities in an unrealised loss
position.
In addition, the exposure to foreign exchange risk results from
allocations to branches, foreign currency equity investments or the
investment strategy in foreign currency assets in general funds and
non‑participative funds.
Interest rate risk management
Interest rate risk management for the general insurance funds, the
assets for the protection activities and the own funds, mainly leads
to investment in bonds, of which government bonds, notably those

General funds are mainly invested in bond assets that generate
spread risk. Limits by issuer and rating type (investment grade,
non‑investment grade) are monitored regularly. Issuer credit quality
is also reviewed frequently;
In addition to the quality of the assets, portfolio diversification and
hedging policy, the exposure to the risk of a decline in the value of
assets (interest rate, spread, equities, real estate) for contracts with
a profit‑sharing clause is mitigated by the accounting variable fees
model (VFA), with changes in the value of financial assets adjusting
the cash flows from execution for the share accruing to policyholders
and the margin on contractual services for the share accruing to the
insurer.
Foreign exchange risk management
Currency risk hedging may be provided by forward financial
instruments, such as currency swaps or by currency borrowings.

LIQUIDITY RISK
Exposure to liquidity risk is appraised, over a one‑year horizon,
mainly through the liquidity policy of the Asset Management
Department, and in the medium term through studies carried out by
the Actuarial Department on forecasted expected cash flows on the
assets and liabilities of BNP Paribas Cardif general funds.
Tactical asset management provides the necessary liquidity to
address redemptions and lapses, within the regular asset
management framework, while minimising the impact on the yield of
the assets.
The liquidity risk is centrally managed through reviews realised with
a frequency appropriate to the risk exposure.

management studies. These stress tests make it possible to check
the ability of BNP Paribas Cardif to honour its undertakings in
negative financial market situations, by taking account of the impact
of these situations on the behaviour of policyholders. Asset‑liability
matching analyses over the medium to long term are also carried
out regularly by Asset‑Liability Management in order to supplement
the measurement of the financial risks incurred. They are based on
medium- and/or long‑term profit and loss account and balance
sheet projections prepared using a range of economic scenarios. The
results of these reviews are analysed in order to determine any
adjustments to required assets (through strategic allocation,
diversification, use of derivatives, etc.).

Stress tests are regularly carried out as part of asset and liability

560

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Insurance risks [Audited]

5

CREDIT RISK
The rules for the dispersion of assets are laid down in the
management agreements of the general funds. They specify the
dispersion ratios per issuer on fixed‑income instruments and by
rating category. The credit doctrine formalised through the CRC –
CGL (Credit Risk Consumption – Global Concentration Limit) also
specifies the dispersion rules at the consolidated level for the
general funds of entities based within the Eurozone, which are the
most important.
The counterparty risk on reinsurers is managed through a stringent
selection of counterparties, the negotiation of the guarantees
provided and regular monitoring of the main exposures. The Risk
Transfer and the Credit Risk Departments are responsible for this
monitoring. The guarantees required may be actual guarantees, such
as deposits in the form of a financial guarantee and pledged
securities, or as sureties and letters of guarantee.
Partner counterparty risk comes under the credit governance for
Partners and Reinsurers. The governance determines the delegated
powers granted to local entities and provides for an agreement with

the Credit Risk Department, if this latter is outside the framework of
the local delegation. An exposure on a partner may be the subject of
collateral or a personal guarantee. Depending on the quality of the
counterparty, the following techniques may be used: parent company
endorsements, bank guarantees payable at first demand, an account
segregated from all other assets in the event of bankruptcy, etc.

GROUP BNP PARIBAS CARDIF INVESTMENTS
As of 31 December 2024, in addition to unit‑linked investments, the
BNP Paribas Cardif group manages EUR 168.6 billion at net book
value and, at market value, through its subsidiaries in France
(mainly Cardif Assurance Vie, representing EUR 133.3 billion), Italy
(mainly Cardif Vita, representing EUR 22.6 billion) and Luxembourg
(Cardif Lux Vie, EUR 8.6 billion). The breakdown of BNP Paribas
Cardif group investments (excluding investments in unit‑linked
contracts) is presented in the table Investments and other assets
related to insurance activites in note 5. Notes related to insurance
activities to the consolidated financial statements.

➤ TABLE N° 105: BOND EXPOSURE BY ISSUER AND RATING (EXCLUDING INVESTMENTS IN UNIT‑LINKED CONTRACTS
AND EUROCROISSANCE CONTRACTS)

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Exposure by rating

Govies

Corporate

Total

Govies

Corporate

Total

AAA

7.8%

4.3%

12.1%

7.9%

4.1%

12.0%

AA

24.5%

8.3%

32.8%

21.0%

13.6%

34.6%

A

4.3%

29.6%

33.9%

2.9%

23.7%

26.6%

BBB

10.3%

7.7%

18.1%

10.1%

13.7%

23.8%

< BBB(1)

0.0%

3.1%

3.1%

0.4%

2.6%

3.0%

TOTAL

46.9%

53.1%

100.0%

42.2%

57.8%

100.0%

5

(1) Including unrated bonds.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

561

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Insurance risks [Audited]

➤ TABLE 106: EXPOSURE TO GOVERNMENT BOND AND SIMILAR BY ISSUING COUNTRY

(EXCLUDING INVESTMENTS IN UNIT‑LINKED CONTRACTS AND EUROCROISSANCE CONTRACTS)
31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Rating

Net book value

Net book value

France

AA-

21,234

15,523

Italy

BBB

11,881

10,253

Spain

A-

2,592

1,904

Belgium

AA-

7,932

7,494

Exposure by country
In millions of euros

Germany

AAA

1,567

1,922

Austria

AA+

358

313

Netherlands

AAA

320

674

Ireland

A+

110

96

Portugal

BBB+

77

57

Others

7,808

7,308

TOTAL

53,877

45,544

Because of the upward trend in long‑term rates in Europe in the first half of 2024, investments in general funds were made on long‑maturities
and good credit quality bond securities, notably in government or supranational bonds.

INSURANCE UNDERWRITING RISK
Underwriting risk arises mainly from the surrender, the longevity and the mortality risk in the savings business line, and in creditor insurance
contracts for the protection business. Underwriting risk management is detailed in note 5. Notes related to insurance activities to the
consolidated financial statements.

562

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

5

5.11 Environmental, social and governance risk
The publications under this section cover the environmental, social
and governance (ESG) risk factors that may directly affect credit
institutions through their impacts on the business activity of the
customers.
From a general perspective, the Group has integrated the
ESG‑related risk factors into the Group’s risk management
framework, as potential drivers of existing financial risks. Given the
evolving nature of these methodologies, data and regulations related

to ESG, the Group’s set‑up may also be gradually adapted, as
relevant.
The tools rolled out and continuously improved within the Group
cover the risk factors regarding the three pillars “E”, “S”, and “G”.
The environmental and climate‑related ones are the most
developed. The Supervisors and other external stakeholders pay
particular attention to identifying and managing these types of risks,
considering their potential impacts on the banking sector.

BUSINESS STRATEGY AND PROCESSES
IMPACT OF ESG RISK FACTORS ON BUSINESS
STRATEGY AND PROCESSES
In its ambition to be a leader in sustainable finance and in the wake
of its Strategic Plan, built around the pillars Growth, Technology &
Sustainability (GTS), the Group has set itself the objective of
directing financial flows towards a more sustainable economy. The
Group consequently supports all its customers (corporates and
individuals) in their transition.
Three strategic pillars have been identified to accelerate the
implementation of the Group’s sustainable development
commitments. Firstly, the alignment of lending sector‑specific
portfolios with the objectives of the 2015 Paris Agreement. Secondly,
supporting clients towards a sustainable, low‑carbon economy,
thanks to the mobilisation of the Group’s networks of internal
experts on ESG issues like the Low‑Carbon Transition Group. Finally,
strengthening the internal expertise, the management tools, the
processes and mechanisms enabling to support the evolving needs
of stakeholders and the training of employees, including the
Sustainability Academy.
In this context, the Group continuously strengthens its ESG risk
management framework. The Group monitors the potential impact of
ESG risk factors on the conduct of its business, counterparties and
investments on its own behalf or on behalf of third parties. Initially
focused on the sectors most sensitive from an ESG perspective, the
assessment of these ESG risks is gradually strengthened following
the development of the methods for measuring and analysing these
factors and their impacts on financial risks, in particular those

relating to credit risk. Thus, the Group relies notably on a strong
framework leveraging Sectoral Policies, Global and Specific Credit
Policies, Exclusion and Monitoring lists and financing and investing
policies which set ESG criteria governing the Group’s decisions to
allocate financial services to sensitive industrial sectors
The Group continues expanding its training offer for employees to
further support the consideration of ESG issues in its global risk
management. It now covers a broad spectrum ranging from general
awareness‑raising to specific and technical trainings, for example
trainings about energy transition, protection of biodiversity, respect
for human rights and on the ESG risk management framework. The
creation of the Sustainability Academy in 2022 has accelerated this
process (see section 7.1.4 Own Workforce, paragraph Skills
development and employability enhancement in chapter 7).

5

OBJECTIVES, TARGETS AND LIMITS RELATED
TO ESG RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
BNP Paribas has implemented a comprehensive ESG risk
management approach developed to support the Group's strategy
and in compliance with the current regulations of the European
Union. It reflects a commitment at the highest level of the Group to
combine performance, responsibility, ethics and transparency. This
approach embeds ESG risks on a short-, medium-, and long‑term
scale as displayed in its CSR policy management dashboard (see
section 7.1.1 General disclosures, paragraph Sustainability strategy
overview in chapter 7).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

563

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

The Group strategy aims to contribute to directing capital flows
towards the transition to a more sustainable economy through
banking and financial services. In that regard, the Group also pays
specific attention to actions and practices that facilitate the
alignment of its loan portfolio with the Net‑Zero in 2050 objective. In
2021, the Group committed to objectives to gradually align its loan
portfolios on a trajectory consistent with the 2015 Paris Agreement.
The CSRD sustainability stetements (Corporate Sustainability
Reporting Directive) presented in section 7.1 Sustainability
statements of chapter 7 illustrate the progress in supporting the
transition of clients in developing renewable and low‑carbon
energies, supporting the energy transition of individuals and
improving energy efficiency within its operating scope. They present
the transition in the financing of low‑carbon energy, now the
majority in the Group's credit exposure to energy production. They
also present its targets for reducing absolute greenhouse gas
emissions for oil and gas, matched by reductions in its financing for
this sector. Finally, they present sector review and targets of the
greenhouse gas emissions intensity of its credit portfolios in the
electricity generation, automotive, steel, aluminium, cement,
aviation, shipping and commercial real estate sectors, while also

disclosing the approach to the agriculture and residential real estate
sectors.
Actions to assess and address social risks are developed in the
strategy and in the Group’s vigilance plan. The Group’s vigilance
plan is implemented to identify and prevent the risk of serious
violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms, of harm to
human health and safety, and to the environment throughout its
business operations. For more information, refer to section 7.2
Vigilance plan in chapter 7.
Furthermore, the Group is committed to respecting and promoting
internationally recognised human rights standards as defined in the
International Charter of Human Rights, the OECD Guidelines for
Multinational Enterprises, and the United Nations Guidelines on
Business and Human Rights. The Group also recognises the
fundamental conventions established by the International Labour
Organisation (ILO), integral parts of the ILO Declaration on
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, as well as the principles
of international humanitarian law applicable in situations of armed
conflict. The Group complies with local regulations of the countries
in which the Group operates.

GOVERNANCE
ORGANISATION AND MONITORING SYSTEM
The Board of directors validates the Group’s strategy on energy and
climate‑related matters, with the support of two specialised
Committees (see Governance in section 5.3 Risk Management):
■ the

Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR
Committee (CGEN), which specifically ensures the Group’s
contribution to sustainable and responsible economic
development, primarily by financing the economy in an ethical
manner, by promoting the development and commitment of
employees, by protecting the environment and by combating
climate change, and through the Group’s positive commitment
to society;
Internal Control, Risk management and Compliance
Committee (CCIRC), which examines the main guidelines of the
Group’s risk policy, including those of a social and
environmental nature, based on the ESG risk measurements it
receives.

Since 2021, the Group’s ESG governance system has been extended
to cover all aspects of the Company and restructured to better
incorporate environmental and climate‑related issues in the
definition of the strategy, its oversight and management of the
associated risks. This framework is based on well‑defined
governance, with responsibilities shared between the Group and
operating entities in order to facilitate operational integration of the
ESG policies, targets and risk framework. This governance is led by:
■ the Sustainable Finance Strategic Committee, which aims to

validate the Group’s climate strategy and the implementation of
the policy of aligning the loan portfolio with the Paris
Agreement. The main associated indicators are discussed at
regular meetings chaired by the Chief Executive Officer within
the framework of this Strategic Committee. The topics related to
sustainable financing discussed by the members of the
Committee are then transmitted to the business lines and
functions through their representatives;

■ the

For environmental‑related risks and opportunities in all fields, the
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officer submit a
strategy proposal to the Board of directors, then subsequently
oversee the management of the Group and its performance.
The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the ESG strategy, for
which the definition and implementation through the Group’s
commitments is managed by the Head of Company Engagement, a
member of the Group Executive Committee, in its role as CSR
supervisor. The Company Engagement Department, the CSR
Department (which is part of the Company Engagement
Department), the operating entities and functions are responsible for
the implementation of the Group’s climate strategy.

564

■ the Sustainable Finance Infrastructure Committee aims at

industrialising ESG processes, data and reporting. Its mission is
to meet the growing needs of customers, regulators and
investors. Around the Deputy Chief Executive Officer, it brings
together key contributors from different business lines and
functions;
■ the ESG Regulatory Committee at Executive Management level

was set up to assess the operational consequences of the main
new regulations.
Specific actions aiming at further embedding ESG into the risk
management framework are handled within the ESG Methodologies,
Analyses and Risk Management programme, which is monitored by
the Sustainable Finance Infrastructure Committee.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM
The Group General Management has set up an internal control
framework whose main objective is to ensure the global risk
management and to give a reasonable assurance that related

5

objectives are achieved (see section 2.4 Internal Control in
chapter 2). The BNP Paribas Group’s internal control monitors all
types of risks to which the Group may be exposed, including those
resulting from ESG factors. It is applied at the Group level and at the
level of directly or indirectly controlled entities.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK
th version of the Equator Principles (EP4)
related to project finance activities. The Group works with its
customers to identify, assess, and manage the environmental
and social risks and impacts linked with major industrial and
infrastructure projects. Any potential negative impact of these
projects on communities, ecosystems or climate must be
avoided, mitigated and/or offset.

■ application of the 4

RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK
The ESG risk management framework of the Group has been built on
the basis of voluntary actions and commitments as well as
regulatory requirements and supervisory expectations.
The long‑standing voluntary actions with respect to international
and European policy framework encompass good practices on both
environmental and social fields and include the following principles:
■ application

of internationally recognised human rights
standards as defined in the Bill of Human Rights: the United
Nations Declaration of Human Rights, the International
Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. This
commitment is expressed at the highest level in the
BNP Paribas Declaration on Human Rights, signed by the
Group’s Chief Executive Officer and promoting the respect of
these rights within BNP Paribas’ sphere of influence;

■ adoption of social and environmental goals aligned with global

standards such as the United Nations Sustainable Development
Goals and those of the financial community such as the
Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB) and the Principles for
Responsible Investment (PRI);
■ actions following the framework of the United Nations Global

Compact (Advanced level) and the United Nations Women’s
Empowerment Principles. The Group also complies with ILO
Conventions concerning social and labour aspects and the
internationally accepted OECD Guidelines for multinational
enterprises;

DEFINITION AND IDENTIFICATION OF ESG RISK
The qualification of the risk factors related to climate change to
which the Group is exposed is defined in paragraph "Environmental
risks" of section 5.1 “Top and emerging risks” of chapter 5.
The Group does not consider the ESG risks as risk types but rather as
risk factors which may potentially favour, trigger or worsen any
types of risk, and notably credit, market or operational risks.

5

Accordingly, ESG risk factors are incorporated in the Group’s existing
risk management framework and processes.
The risk identification is a top‑down and bottom‑up annual,
forward‑looking, comprehensive approach to identify and assess,
amongst other risks, the ESG risk factors the Group is exposed to.
The Risk ID process has been designed to favour anticipation and to
promote a forward‑looking approach when updating the Risk
inventory of the Group, resulting in the final outcome of the process.
The risk inventory is made of a set of “severe but plausible”
elementary scenarios (the “risk events”) that reflect the ways the
risk types faced by the Group could materialise.

■ commitment to align greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions arising

from its credit activities with the path required to achieve
carbon neutrality in 2050 by joining the Net‑Zero Banking
Alliance (NZBA). Thanks to the methodology guidance developed
by the NZBA, the Group has been able to assess the trajectory
of its portfolio on the major carbon intensive sectors (sectors
mentioned above in the section Objectives, targets and limits
related to ESG risks and opportunities).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

565

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

All the risk events have the same structure:
2

Risk factors identification

Risk factors that are causes or factors
underlying (i.e., favouring, triggering and /
or aggravating) the risk event, have to be
identified based on BNP Paribas’ risk
factors taxonomy.
The risk factors belong to 6 different
categories:
Financial Markets & commodity prices
Macroeconomic factors
Concentration risk factors
Business environment risk factors
ESG combined with 24 ESG
transmissions channels
Internal risk factors

3
1

Risk event description
A risk event has to be described and associated with one of
the risk types included in BNP Paribas’ risk type taxonomy.
The risk types pertain to 13 different categories:
Business & strategic risks
Operational risk - Compliance
Credit, counterparty &
Operational risks - ICT
settlement risks
Operational risks - Execution
Market risks
Operational risks - Others
ALMT risks
Corporate structure risks
Model uncertainty risk
Regulatory & supervisory risks
Operational risk - Model
Insurance underwriting risks

■ the scenario is described and assigned to a risk type;

Annual P&L
Annual OCI / Permanent Equity
Liquidity outflows
Qualitative

and in particular physical and transition risks related to the
climate and the environment when assessing sovereign risks
and country risks in the broadest sense. The assessment of
sovereign ESG risks is based on an internal methodology and
integrates data from recognised external sources (international
organisations such as United Nations agencies, the NGFS Network for Greening the Financial System, Transparency
International, and others which are updated annually);

■ the materiality of the scenario must be assessed using three

■ sectoral analyses and heatmaps on climate‑related risks are

being developed by the Group and enable to map the Group’s
exposures to sectors considered as vulnerable to climate
transition and/or physical risk factors, and to assess potential
concentrations thereof. They were completed in 2024 by a
heatmap providing ranking of sectors depending on their direct
impact on nature;

Given the still evolving features of the ESG topics, the Group has
deepened and broadened the insertion of climate risk factors over
the years into its risk management framework and related lifecycle
and will continue doing so over time.
More specifically, many actions have been implemented in the
context of the continuous improvement of the Group Risk ID and to
better answer regulatory expectations, such as:

■ exploratory analysis regarding the possible impact of flood and

■ in 2024 the Risk ID methodology integrates the definitions of

In the Risk ID approach, the 20 ESG risk factors are combined with
24 possible ESG‑transmission channels. A better understanding of
the transmission channels that explain how ESG risk factors could
lead to direct or indirect damage to the Group enhances the ability
to seize and model the possible impacts of ESG risk factors.
Consequently, in the Risk ID approach, whenever an ESG risk factor is
considered as favouring, triggering and or worsening a risk event, the
associated transmissions channels must be identified. They have to
be selected from the first version of the BNP Paribas reference
taxonomy of ESG transmission channels.

short-, medium- and long‑term time horizons;
■ granularity in the ESG risk taxonomy has been enriched, based

on the inputs of Group experts (20 ESG risk factors in 2024,
versus 13 in 2023).
■ physical risk materiality is improved thanks to the sectoral

climate physical risk heatmap provided to Risk ID contributors
since the 2023 exercise;

566

The materiality of each risk event is
assessed using a severity / frequency /
imminence pattern.
Severity can be of various kinds, depending
on the risk types and on the nature of the
exposure. 4 possibilities to assess
severities are available in BNP Paribas’
approach:

■ integration of environmental, social and governance criteria,

■ the risk factors that favour, trigger or aggravate the scenario
(the way the risk type materialises) must be identified. ESG
risks are considered as risk factors, and therefore the
BNP Paribas risk factors taxonomy (used as a reference in Risk
ID approach) encompasses a comprehensive set of risk factors
covering environmental, social and governance risk topics;

dimensions: the severity, the frequency and the imminence (For
further details see Appendix 5 Risk identification & assessment
process (“Risk ID”)).

Risk event materiality
assessment

chronic heat related risks on large corporates and physical risk
factors on residential and commercial real estate portfolios.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

5

The following chart illustrates the manner in which BNP Paribas accounts for the fact that ESG risk factors are likely to contribute, via
pre‑identified transmission channels, to the materialisation of, potentially, any type of risk.
ESG-related risk factors

ESG transmission channels

Materialization of risk types

Climate change physical risk factors

Regulation, norms & politics

Business & strategic risks

Physical impacts of acute climate change
phenomena
Adaptation to acute climate change
phenomena
Physical impacts of chronic climate change
phenomena
Adaptation to chronic climate change
phenomena

Climate change transition risk factors
Transition to a low carbon economy
– Policy changes
Transition to a low carbon economy
– Technological Changes
Transition to a low carbon economy
– Behavioural changes

Nature-related risk factors
Impacts on biodiversity & ecosystems
Mismanagement of dependencies on
natural resources and ecosystem services
Impacts & dependencies on freshwater,
marine & coastal resources, & ecosystems
Pollution and hazardous chemicals
Failure in waste management & recycling
Invasive alien species

Social risk factors
Violation of local communities-related
human rights
Non-respect of consumers rights
Violation of workforce-related rights
Inadequacy with social sentiments
and expectations

Governance risk factors
Governance risk drivers linked to
inadequate management of E & S risks
Non-compliance with corporate
governance frameworks or codes

Carbon price or carbon tax
Energy performance / EPCs
New ESG-related regulations
Sanctions & fines
Political decisions

Social, health & legal
Changes in expectations, habits
or behaviours
Damage to the reputation
Dispute, claims, legal proceeds
Morbidity (disease, pandemics…)
& mortality
Social unrest
Migration of populations

Physical & financial assets
Physical asset damage / destruction
Increased volatility or shift in prices
or values
Lower financial asset performance
Stranded assets or workers

Microeconomics

Credit, counterparty & settlement risks
Market risks
ALMT Treasury risks
Model uncertainty risk
Operational risks
Model error risks
Compliance risks
Information Communication
& Technology risks
Execution risks
Other operational risks
(frauds, HR, legal, third-party, etc)

Corporate structure risks
Regulatory risks
Insurance underwriting risks

Losses of business opportunity
New capital expenditures / Increased costs
Operational disruption (excluding supply
chain)
Supply chain disruption
Lower production
Lower productivity
Impact on wealth and / or solvency

5

Others
ESG-related technological change
Availability & costs of risk transfer to
insurance & re-insurance

Liability consequences
ESG related liability consequences

To better take into account ESG aspects in its risk management
framework, BNP Paribas provides a picture of the risk environment of
financial institutions by updating each year its Financial Institutions
Global Risks Landscape (1). In 2024, 22 among the 34 global risks

retained and detailed in this work have an ESG dimension (see the
table in Appendix 5 Risk identification & assessment process [“Risk
ID”]).

(1) BNP Paribas Financial Institution Global Risks Landscape is a document, produced annually and presented to the Group RISK Anticipation Committee, that proposes a
panorama of the global risks (uncertainties, vulnerabilities, trends and threats) of all natures (economic, technological, business, geopolitical socio‑political & environmental,
etc.) that should be taken into account when trying to anticipate scenarios that could lead to direct or indirect damages for financial institutions, in the short, medium and
longer term

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

567

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

RISK ASSESSMENT & MEASUREMENT
Regarding Risk Assessment & Measurement, the Group has put in
place several tools and processes:

■ cover other types of risks in a qualitative way.

In 2024, the Group developed methodologies for:
■ integrating the climate transition risk contribution to the

internal capital Layer 1 assessment for credit risk only through
the corporate client rating evolution. This methodology will be
implemented in 2025. Of note, since 2022, the climate risk
contribution to internal capital for credit business and
operational risk have been addressed in the Layer 2 relying on
the RISK ID framework;

■ in the credit risk framework ESG performance and associated

risks are analysed through the ESG Assessment which is fully
integrated into the credit process.;
■ with the ESG Assessment deployment covering more and more

client segments over time (see Appendix 5 ESG Assessment
(ESG‑A), ESG aspects both at counterparty and transaction
levels are further strengthened and documented, allowing a
better monitoring;

■ integrating climate risk (transition and physical risk) in the IFRS

9 framework via multi‑channel for accounting classification and
provisioning purposes, notably in leveraging ICAAP Climate
stress‑testing results and the FLAIR (Forward Looking
Assessment of Internal Rating) for transition risk. The FLAIR
framework captures impacts, when materially justified, on the
IFRS 9 default probability beyond that reflected in the 1‑year
solvency default probability. This methodology has been
implemented since the fourth quarter 2024.

■ targets have also been set for most major carbon‑intensive

sectors over the past 3 years thanks to the portfolio alignment
towards a net zero greenhouse gas emissions target by 2050
horizon (assessment of carbon intensive sector) specified in the
above section Identification of ESG risk and limits.
Tools to enhance forward‑looking assessment capabilities are being
developed. In particular climate scenarios analyses are deployed,
covering climate‑related risk factors, in that respect:
Gradually, since 2020, the scenario analysis framework has been
enriched for use in analysing the consequences of global warming
and the energy transition on the Group’s asset portfolios.
Progress has been made to:
■ integrate different climate scenarios over longer horizons.

Regarding the transition risk, three long‑term scenarios (2050)
of the NGFS (Network for Greening the Financial System) are
analysed (IAM REMIND (1)below 2°C, delayed transition and
current policies). Concerning the physical risk, the residential
and commercial real estate portfolio is tested under the
conditions of the RCP 8.5 2085 scenario for the riverine and
pluvial flooding risk. The sensitivity analysis focuses on several
assumptions and configurations of the model parameters, in
particular the combinations of risk by insurances.
■ project the evolution in the breakdown of sectors in the

institution’s balance sheet to take into account specific factors
such as the price of carbon emissions, technological innovation
and physical risks.
Climate scenarios addressing transition risk and physical risk have
been included in the ICAAP, reflecting the increasing importance of
climate in the Group’s strategy. Consistent with this pivotal role of
climate change and energy transition, these scenarios are part of a
more general treatment of climate‑related risks and opportunities in
the ICAAP, which are documented in a dedicated section of the ICAAP.
Climate scenario analyses in the ICAAP are not limited to credit risk.
They also include:
■ operational risk through an adverse scenario assessment of

losses calculated from operational risk events for which climate
risk has been identified as a risk factor;
■ reputational risk, by assessing the impacts of climate‑related

controversies on the revenues of various business lines; and

These different scenarios enable the Group to determine the
materiality and sensitivity of climate risk factors This concerns in
particular the impact on revenues, credit risk and operational risk.
Climate risk scenarios remain exploratory in nature and cover time
horizons that far exceed horizons used for capital planning. As a
result, although integrated in the ICAAP for risk management
purposes, climate scenarios are not used to calculate an impact on
the Group’ capital.
For further information on the Group’s developing climate stress
testing infrastructure, please also refer to section 5.3 Risk
Management, which provides information on the Group’s stress
testing infrastructure, including relating to climate.
The Group does not calculate a capital charge linked to
climate‑related risk, which is considered a risk factor of risks such as
business, credit or operational risk. The Group is, however, able to
assess the contribution of events that can be triggered or worsened
by climate risk to its internal capital requirement. The assessment
relies on the Group’s risk identification process.
The Group’s resilience to environmental and social risk is
underpinned by its diversified, integrated business model. The
diversity of the business lines, the business sectors in which the
Group operates and the geographic areas in which it is established is
a key asset to mitigate risks of all kinds, whether they are climate,
related to biodiversity or other environmental risks.
In parallel with internal climate scenario analyses, the Group
continues to participate in climate stress exercises for regulators and
supervisors. Notably, in 2024, the Group participated in the stress
tests:
■ “One‑off Fit‑for‑55” for which, in July, the EBA launched a public

consultation on draft templates for collecting data to carry out
its climate scenario by the end of 2023;
■ exercise of the Hong‑Kong Monetary Authority;
■ ACPR exercise on insurance.

(1) The Integrated Assessment Model - Regional Model of Investment and Development

568

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

This promotes the development of shared skills between internal
analyses of climate scenarios and climate‑related exercises
mandated by regulators and supervisors.
Several other elements can be highlighted as contributing
significantly to the Group’s resilience to environmental risks:
■ the integration of the transition to carbon neutrality at the core

of the 2025 strategic plan and the commitment to align its
activities with a carbon neutrality trajectory by 2050.
Formalised by the Group’s membership in the Net‑Zero Banking
Alliance, BNP Paribas Cardif’s membership in the Net‑Zero Asset
Owner Alliance and BNP Paribas Asset Management’s
membership in the Net‑Zero Asset Manager Initiative, those
commitments contribute to supporting the reduction in the
Group’s exposure to economic players responsible for
generating the highest GHG emissions, and thus its exposure to
transition risks, particularly those related to changes in public
policies aimed at reducing emissions;
■ expansion of teams dedicated to supporting customers in their

transition (e.g. Low‑Carbon Transition Group);
■ enhancement of the Group’s capabilities to assess and manage

environmental risks and incorporate them in
decision‑making processes as described in other chapters.

its

Regarding social risks, activities of the corporate clients may
introduce social risks related to the respect of human rights
particularly in the area of workers’ rights and may have a negative
impact on local communities. Hence, the Group encourages clients
to manage their own activities with respect to human rights. It also
endeavours to identify, assess, monitor and encourage the
improvement of the current and future performance of clients
operating in sensitive sectors through the application of its
investment and financing policies. This set‑up has been further
strengthened with the deployment of the ESG assessment of the
Group’s customers on five dimensions, including social (health,
safety and impact on communities). In case of suspicion or
identification of serious human rights abuses by a BNP Paribas
customer or a company in its portfolio, the Group conducts in‑depth
due diligences with the company concerned.
In addition, the adherence to international and European policy
framework, which incorporates principles relating to the social field,
can also contribute to reducing potential social risks. For example, as
a signatory member of the Equator Principles, the Group ensures
that any negative impacts of a project finance on communities,
ecosystems or the climate are avoided and, if necessary, remedied,
and encourages clients to obtain the Free, Prior and Informed
Consent (FPIC) of the local communities impacted by their projects.

5

MONITORING, MITIGATION AND RISK
REPORTING
The above‑mentioned approaches and tools developed for risk
identification and measurement also constitute tools for risk
monitoring, as they enable portfolio analyses and provide for
indicators and insights on the Group’s exposure towards climate
factors.
The internal reporting framework and structure cover all type of
risks to which the Group may be exposed, including the ESG risks.
For example, a quarterly Group risk dashboard is periodically
submitted to the Group Executive Management as well as the Board
of directors’ Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance
Committee (CCIRC): this report covers the Group’s risk appetite and
its risk profile leveraging amongst other things the results of the
transverse stress tests.
Climate and environmental factors are also incorporated into the
Group's Risk Appetite Statement (RAS).
The Group's RAS is defined in line with the strategy of BNP Paribas
and includes risk principles dedicated to ESG risks factors
(climate‑related elements are included).
These risk principles, coupled with dedicated metrics, define the risk
tolerance of the Group on these dimensions.
The Group RAS is being enriched year‑on‑year and now integrates
several metrics to control Group achievements with respect to its
commitments on Thermal Coal and on the exploration and
production of Oil & Gas financing for 2025 and 2030, as well as the
monitoring of the Residential Real Estate portfolio.

5

In addition, complementary indicators, resulting from the setting of
decarbonisation targets regarding the Oil & Gas, Power Generation
and Automotive sectors, and the low carbon financing are part of the
Risk Appetite Statement for monitoring purposes.
As part of sector/activity RAS review, the Risk and Development
Policy Committee, gathering together Business & RISK
representatives, validates the strategic development plan and
underlying risk profile of the sector/activity under review, including
the ESG dimension.
Environmental and social risk‑related objectives are also considered
in the remuneration policy (see section 1. Corporate governance in
chapter 2).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

569

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

Several dashboards and analyses monitoring ESG risks are updated
on a regular basis and shared with relevant stakeholders to support
decision‑making and operational insertion as follows:

■ integration of ESG criteria into supply chain management;

■ ESG Credit Portfolio Analysis: quarterly portfolio analysis

DATA MANAGEMENT

embedding Risk Heatmaps and ESG‑Assessment results to
provide a view on the Group ESG risk profile and credit risk
exposures;
■ design of an “ESG Risk Cockpit”, a dashboard consolidating key

ESG risk indicators and metrics, designed to help
decision‑making and prioritise portfolios according to their
materiality in terms of ESG risks. Example of metrics: ESG risks
materiality assessment, corporate credit risk portfolio
distribution and concentrations, residential/commercial real
assets at high climate transition or physical risk, key disclosed
metrics from ESG pillar 3 such as financed emissions,
alignment with decarbonisation trajectories for carbon intensive
sectors;

■ integration of ESG criteria into asset management activities;

The implementation of a strong governance to define the data
collection instructions, the data management and estimation rules,
to optimise the quality, the exhaustivity and the freshness of ESG
data is a prerequisite for a sound measurement and reporting.
ESG data and information systems are managed in the context of a
specific “Data & Systems” stream, under the Group Sustainable
Finance Infrastructure Committee’s umbrella.
In this context, the following framework has been set up to collect
ESG needs within the Group:
■ identification and prioritisation of the various ESG use‑cases

conducted by the Group Data Office and instructions of the use
cases by GDO and ITG Architecture for the Group entities and
functions. As of October 2024, more than 60 ESG use cases had
been identified across the Group, with more than half of them
having been addressed in the Data & Systems governance;

■ other ESG‑related portfolio analyses are monitored in dedicated

governances within business lines and entities.
Moreover, to closely control the risk exposure towards sectors
particularly exposed to ESG matters, the Group has issued financing
and investment policies, classified as sector policies. Group credit
related policies have also been reinforced considering ESG
dimensions. Exclusion & monitoring lists restrict the activity or
increase the level of scrutiny placed towards specific sectors or
activities.
Furthermore, climate‑related criteria are incorporated as relevant in
the due diligence performed on customers and suppliers, in
covenants and procedures related to new/modified activities and
exceptional transactions. Portfolios are dynamically managed
towards the alignment targets defined by the Group.

■ identification of data needs for each use‑case: definition of the

sourcing strategy either via internal sourcing relying on the
Group’s existing processes or the purchase from external ESG
data providers;
■ in

case of external sourcing, integration, storage and
distribution of the data by the impACT platform, the Group ESG
data platform;

■ deployment of the ESG Data Management system: classification

of data into data families, update of the ESG data catalogue and
the ESG data dictionary into We Data (Group data management
tool), implementation of data quality indicators to measure data
presence, completeness, data validity.

Below is a list of examples of specific policies recently updated:
■ provisions relating to social and environmental responsibility

(including climate) have been added in the General Credit
Policy and specific policies, and are progressively reinforced;
■ adherence to the Equator Principles on project financing;

Feedback loops are organised with data providers to address data
quality issues and implement remediation plans;
■ implementation of a governance to define the data collection

■ integration of ESG criteria in collateral valuation policies;

570

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

instructions, the data management and estimation rules, in
order to optimise the quality, the exhaustivity and the freshness
of ESG data.

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

5

MEASURING THE POTENTIAL RISK OF CLIMATE CHANGE
Despite the developments in recent years in terms of standardising
methodologies for the quantitative analysis of ESG factors and their
impact on traditional financial risks, they must be interpreted with
caution, taking into account their limitations. In the response to the
public consultation of its report on prudential disclosures for
ESG (1) of January 2022, the EBA underlines the difficulties relating to
these methodologies, namely the low historical depth, the
unavailability of standardised and comparable data on the various
geographies and sectors of activity, the multiplicity of methods and
scenarios used to estimate missing data, among others.
The tables presented in this section should be read in conjunction
with the methods and definitions used and described in the
accompanying narrative. In the absence of a reference proposed by
the supervisory authorities, the Group has chosen to refer, whenever
possible, to European definitions or regulatory exercises. When this
was not possible, the information was produced on the basis of

forward‑looking plans and projections, prepared in good faith by the
Group based on internal definitions and estimates. The Group
constantly adapts its methodologies taking into account the
development of knowledge, the availability of data, the
establishment or updating of recognised guidelines and standards.
Certain factors, which are external to the Group, may cause
variations in the forecasts taken into account to prepare
forward‑looking plans and projections, such as changes in climate
scenarios, changes in economic conditions or geopolitical risks. The
information contained in this section may, therefore, be significantly
revised in future publications.
As a result, the tables presented in this section can only be assessed
on the date of publication of this document and must be interpreted
taking into account the uncertainties related to the methodologies,
projections and data used.

5

(1) EBA draft ITS on Pillar 3 disclosures on ESG risks.pdf (europa.eu).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

571

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

BANKING BOOK – INDICATORS OF POTENTIAL CLIMATE CHANGE TRANSITION RISK
➤ TABLE N° 107: CREDIT QUALITY OF EXPOSURES BY SECTOR, EMISSIONS AND RESIDUAL MATURITY
a

b

c

d

e

f

of which
exposures
towards
companies
of which
excluded from
EU environmentally
of which
sustainable
Paris‑Aligned
non‑performing
Benchmarks
exposures
(CCM) of which Stage 2

In millions of euros

h

Accumulated impairment,
accumulated negative changes
in fair value due to credit risk and provisions

Gross carrying amount

572

g

Exposures towards sectors that highly
1 contribute to climate change(1)

332,462

2 A – Agriculture, forestry and fishing

11,333

0

3 B – Mining and quarrying

5,073

3,289

20

20

17,818

4,177

of which
of which Stage 2 non‑performing

37,144

11,935

(7,078)

(541)

(6,053)

0

810

396

(224)

(35)

(139)

7

277

70

(67)

(4)

(60)

0

0

4

(3)

0

(3)
(42)

4

B.05 – Mining of coal and lignite

5

B.06 – Extraction of crude petroleum
and natural gas

2,352

2,352

4

1

43

(42)

0

6

B.07 – Mining of metal ores

1,254

125

0

234

10

(14)

(4)

(9)

7

B.08 – Other mining and quarrying

661

5

3

30

14

(8)

0

(7)

8

B.09 – Mining support service
activities

787

787

1

11

0

0

0

0

9 C – Manufacturing

95,092

3,639

1,235

11,654

3,326

(2,189)

(120)

(1,959)

10

C.10 – Manufacture of food products

14,658

252

2

1,571

391

(258)

(14)

(220)

11

C.11 – Manufacture of beverages

3,512

0

386

28

(22)

(1)

(15)

12

C.12 – Manufacture of tobacco
products

0

13

C.13 – Manufacture of textiles

866

0

89

69

(51)

(1)

(49)

14

C.14 – Manufacture of wearing
apparel

1,155

300

138

(84)

(5)

(77)

15

C.15 – Manufacture of leather and
related products

328

76

31

(23)

0

(22)

16

C.16 – Manufacture of wood and of
products of wood and cork

1,151

2

70

61

(33)

(1)

(29)

17

C.17 – Manufacture of paper and
paper products

2,066

2

149

51

(34)

(1)

(31)

18

C.18 – Printing and reproduction of
recorded media

726

0

0

52

66

(45)

(1)

(42)

19

C.19 – Manufacture of coke and
refined petroleum products

3,044

3,044

19

375

11

(12)

0

(11)

20

C.20 – Manufacture of chemicals and
chemical products

7,887

212

7

1,768

393

(173)

(9)

(153)

21

C.21 – Manufacture of basic
pharmaceutical products and
pharmaceutical preparations

6,284

0

378

31

(22)

(1)

(19)

22

C.22 – Manufacture of rubber products

3,721

27

439

260

(166)

(5)

(158)

23

C.23 – Manufacture of other
non‑metallic mineral products

3,493

20

301

116

(95)

(3)

(88)

24

C.24 – Manufacture of basic metals

5,687

148

384

97

(63)

(1)

(60)

25

C.25 – Manufacture of fabricated
metal products, except machinery and
equipment

4,452

39

789

240

(202)

(15)

(175)

26

C.26 – Manufacture of computer,
electronic and optical products

5,897

39

625

86

(87)

(10)

(70)

0

1

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

0

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

5

p

31 December 2024
GHG financed emissions (scope 1, scope 2 and
scope 3 emissions of the counterparty) (in tons of
CO2 equivalent)

of which scope 3
financed emissions
95,738,428

39,329,247

GHG emissions (column
i): gross carrying
amount percentage of
the portfolio derived
from company‑specific
reporting

≤ 5 years

> 5 year ≤ 10 years

> 10 year ≤ 20 years

> 20 years

30%

270,767

31,798

27,811

2,086

4

Average weighted
maturity

(in years)

7,959,900

65,991

4%

9,582

934

771

46

4

8,528,448

5,670,361

71%

4,152

781

140

1

4

71%

20

4,297,327

72%

1,933

392

73%

952

302

425

19%

581

59

10,985
5,405,012
943,156
595,226

4
27

0

19

1

3
4
3

1,574,069

1,372,609

97%

665

28

93

32,968,886

16,302,217

43%

89,402

4,477

783

430

3

2,589,821

728,027

34%

13,817

673

115

53

3

48%

3,373

105

33

1

3

234,915
23

5

66%

0

0

8%

829

15

8

13

2

44,624

19%

1,134

16

2

3

2

12,832

9%

320

6

0

2

1

65,084

12

95,565

546

11%

1,030

92

22

8

3

241,066

7,440

42%

1,905

156

3

2

2

11%

670

44

10

2

3

60,163
5,687,987

4,760,911

69%

2,220

791

33

3,000,552

363,878

50%

7,243

430

173

40

3

5

5

569,345

1

71%

6,008

256

5

14

2

1,082,939

164,338

31%

3,497

150

30

44

3

2,097,261

88

51%

3,337

120

26

10

3

4,741,570

269,299

58%

5,222

402

49

14

3

848,437

16,170

15%

3,993

253

171

36

3

161,123

14,410

78%

5,777

74

8

38

3

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

573

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

of which
exposures
towards
companies
of which
excluded from
EU environmentally
of which
sustainable
Paris‑Aligned
non‑performing
Benchmarks
exposures
(CCM) of which Stage 2

In millions of euros

h

Accumulated impairment,
accumulated negative changes
in fair value due to credit risk and provisions

Gross carrying amount

574

g

of which
of which Stage 2 non‑performing

27

C.27 – Manufacture of electrical
equipment

5,114

59

241

623

294

(163)

(10)

(149)

28

C.28 – Manufacture of machinery and
equipment n.e.c.

7,061

56

77

879

303

(248)

(9)

(232)

29

C.29 – Manufacture of motor vehicles,
trailers and semi‑trailers

7,590

242

1,178

456

(268)

(17)

(247)

30

C.30 – Manufacture of other transport
equipment

4,577

332

496

60

(27)

(5)

(17)

31

C.31 – Manufacture of furniture

1,005

1

88

37

(33)

(2)

(28)

32

C.32 – Other manufacturing

1,160

0

4

141

50

(38)

(2)

(34)

33

C.33 – Repair and installation of
machinery and equipment

3,657

15

33

496

56

(42)

(6)

(29)

D – Electricity, gas, steam and air
34 conditioning supply

19,837

3,796

1,559

1,695

259

(133)

(34)

(85)

35

D35.1 – Electric power generation,
transmission and distribution

17,223

1,612

1,463

1,523

256

(129)

(34)

(82)

36

D35.11 – Production of electricity

12,020

677

1,065

1,056

231

(106)

(27)

(68)

37

D35.2 – Manufacture of gas;
distribution of gaseous fuels through
mains

2,183

2,183

71

67

3

(4)

0

(3)

38

D35.3 – Steam and air conditioning
supply

431

1

25

105

0

(1)

0

0

E – Water supply; sewerage, waste
39 management and remediation activities

3,465

3

193

368

138

(118)

(4)

(109)

40 F – Construction

25,412

129

260

2,815

1,892

(996)

(48)

(900)

41

F.41 – Construction of buildings

15,902

33

134

2,121

1,356

(719)

(27)

(659)

42

F.42 – Civil engineering

3,596

95

75

240

195

(110)

(5)

(99)

43

F.43 – Specialised construction
activities

5,913

1

50

454

341

(167)

(16)

(143)

G – Wholesale and retail trade; repair of
44 motor vehicles and motorcycles

77,123

5,096

95

8,368

2,778

(1,768)

(116)

(1,535)

45 H – Transportation and storage

27,192

1,864

423

2,912

614

(377)

(36)

(310)

46

H.49 – Land transport and transport
via pipelines

7,262

954

186

738

405

(255)

(16)

(221)

47

H.50 – Water transport

10,710

821

11

1,522

77

(51)

(2)

(46)

48

H.51 – Air transport

3,439

0

239

33

(10)

(1)

(9)

49

H.52 – Warehousing and support
activities for transportation

5,683

89

225

405

92

(56)

(17)

(31)

50

H.53 – Postal and courier activities

98

0

2

7

6

(5)

0

(4)

I – Accommodation and food service
51 activities

7,670

0

19

1,250

571

(276)

(16)

(247)

52 L – Real estate activities

60,264

1

387

6,995

1,890

(929)

(126)

(708)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

5

p

31 December 2024
GHG financed emissions (scope 1, scope 2 and
scope 3 emissions of the counterparty) (in tons of
CO2 equivalent)

of which scope 3
financed emissions

GHG emissions (column
i): gross carrying
amount percentage of
the portfolio derived
from company‑specific
reporting

≤ 5 years

> 5 year ≤ 10 years

> 10 year ≤ 20 years

> 20 years

Average weighted
maturity

(in years)

1,512,126

1,345,964

72%

4,931

115

5

63

2

428,388

177,588

30%

6,832

187

18

24

3

8,578,198

8,239,318

70%

7,361

221

3

4

2

156,156

52,516

77%

4,463

100

2

13

1

56,825

148

17%

932

35

29

9

3

33%

1,092

39

6

24

3

78,931
624,957

161,564

48%

3,419

196

29

13

3

16,571,471

2,143,158

64%

14,438

2,144

2,956

299

5

14 896 647

1 499 664

65%

12,088

2,072

2,795

269

3

8,839,122

768,318

64%

7,374

1,730

2,649

267

6

1,375,801

643,425

74%

2,034

54

95

299,024

69

71%

316

19

66

1,132,316

56,482

40%

2,865

344

1,022,334

200,431

11%

22,726

1,242

651,471

176,720

10%

14,433

629

133,545

3,367

25%

3,306

237,317

20,344

6%

17,878,435

11,477,110

7,923,633

2,190,318

1,284,179
3,820,590

5

3
30

7

184

72

3

1,284

160

3

742

98

2

176

106

8

4

4,987

438

435

53

3

24%

71,104

4,433

1,299

287

3

40%

20,697

4,270

2,073

152

4

728,795

16%

6,410

513

329

10

4

622,658

48%

7,044

2,517

1,148

0

5

2,215,013

724,659

70%

2,767

495

167

10

4

600,926

114,202

47%

4,383

743

426

132

4

2,926

4

33%

93

2

3

435,286

62,270

10%

5,810

1,137

689

35

4

1,317,720

1,160,910

8%

29,992

12,035

17,633

604

7

2

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

575

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

Accumulated impairment,
accumulated negative changes
in fair value due to credit risk and provisions

Gross carrying amount
of which
exposures
towards
companies
of which
excluded from
EU environmentally
of which
sustainable
Paris‑Aligned
non‑performing
Benchmarks
exposures
(CCM) of which Stage 2

In millions of euros

h

of which
of which Stage 2 non‑performing

Exposures towards sectors other than
those that highly contribute to climate
53 change(*)

114,646

1,523

1,043

10,115

3,038

(1,603)

(234)

(1,215)

54 K – Financial and insurance activities

26,108

393

105

1,517

450

(293)

(38)

(223)

Exposures to other sectors (NACE codes J,
55 M – U)

88,538

1,130

938

8,597

2,588

(1,311)

(196)

(992)

56 TOTAL

447,107

19,340

5,220

47,259

14,974

(8,681)

(775)

(7,268)

(1) In accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as regards minimum standards for EU Climate
Transition Benchmarks and EU Paris‑aligned benchmarks – regulation on climate benchmarks: the sectors listed in Annex I, sections A to H and section L, of
Regulation (EC) No. 1893/2006.

576

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

5

p

31 December 2024
GHG financed emissions (scope 1, scope 2 and
scope 3 emissions of the counterparty) (in tons of
CO2 equivalent)

of which scope 3
financed emissions

GHG emissions (column
i): gross carrying
amount percentage of
the portfolio derived
from company‑specific
reporting

≤ 5 years

> 5 year ≤ 10 years

> 10 year ≤ 20 years

> 20 years

Average weighted
maturity

(in years)

8,416,759

4,331,408

31%

96,622

10,524

5,064

2,435

2

2,480,428

1,645,225

34%

20,605

3,257

1,495

750

1

5,936,331

2,686,183

30%

76,017

7,267

3,569

1,685

2

104,155,188

43,660,656

30%

367,389

42,322

32,875

4,521

3

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

577

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

a

b

c

d

e

of which
exposures
towards
companies
of which
excluded from
EU environmentally
of which
sustainable
Paris‑Aligned
non‑performing
Benchmarks
exposures
(CCM) of which Stage 2

In millions of euros

Exposures towards sectors that highly
1 contribute to climate change(1)

327,955

20,772

2 A – Agriculture, forestry and fishing

12,989

26

3 B – Mining and quarrying

7,623

5,292

124

125
3,775

4

B.05 – Mining of coal and lignite

5

B.06 – Extraction of crude petroleum
and natural gas

3,755

6

B.07 – Mining of metal ores

1,656

7

B.08 – Other mining and quarrying

8

B.09 – Mining support service
activities

690

g

h

Accumulated impairment, accumulated negative
changes
in fair value due to credit risk and provisions

Gross carrying amount

578

f

4,117

38,902

10,646

(7,032)

(821)

969

460

(341)

(40)

(261)

544

193

(124)

(5)

(108)

58

3

(4)

11

140

101

(63)

(1)

1

260

63

(31)

(2)

(26)

3

52

20

(17)

(2)

(14)

22

10

of which
non‑performing
of which Stage 2
exposures
(5,659)

(3)
(58)

1,398

1,383

7

35

6

(9)

-

(6)

9 C – Manufacturing

92,356

4,184

1,115

9,444

2,603

(2,035)

(235)

(1,663)

10

C.10 – Manufacture of food products

12,857

205

1

1,081

339

(243)

(37)

(183)

11

C.11 – Manufacture of beverages

3,279

145

46

(30)

(2)

(22)

12

C.12 – Manufacture of tobacco
products

6

1

13

C.13 – Manufacture of textiles

961

297

87

(67)

(3)

(62)

14

C.14 – Manufacture of wearing
apparel

1,156

113

70

(71)

(9)

(49)

15

C.15 – Manufacture of leather and
related products

406

105

32

(24)

(2)

(22)

16

C.16 – Manufacture of wood and of
products of wood and cork,

1,149

96

48

(35)

(3)

(27)

17

C.17 – Manufacture of paper and
paper products

1,741

336

38

(38)

(4)

(30)

18

C.18 – Printing and reproduction of
recorded media

791

109

58

(37)

(5)

(29)

19

C.19 – Manufacture of coke and
refined petroleum products

2,987

2,961

17

506

10

(30)

(16)

(10)

20

C.20 – Manufacture of chemicals and
chemical products

7,878

482

25

771

124

(85)

(15)

(52)

21

C.21 – Manufacture of basic
pharmaceutical products and
pharmaceutical preparations

4,939

525

11

(23)

(7)

(8)

22

C.22 – Manufacture of rubber products

4,919

320

199

(138)

(8)

(125)

23

C.23 – Manufacture of other
non‑metallic mineral products

3,103

24

C.24 – Manufacture of basic metals

5

175

1
29

291

160

(120)

(5)

(110)

5,393

103

164

441

72

(64)

(6)

(55)

25

C.25 – Manufacture of fabricated
metal products, except machinery and
equipment

4,749

7

17

458

237

(193)

(16)

(170)

26

C.26 – Manufacture of computer,
electronic and optical products

6,686

15

574

67

(91)

(23)

(58)

27

C.27 – Manufacture of electrical
equipment

4,635

245

578

45

(72)

(24)

(40)

28

C.28 – Manufacture of machinery and
equipment n.e.c.

8,236

67

448

459

(297)

(5)

(287)

223

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

5

p

31 December 2023
GHG financed emissions (scope 1, scope2 and
scope3 emissions of the counterparty) (in tons of
CO2 equivalent)

GHG emissions (column
i): gross carrying
amount percentage of
the portfolio derived
of which scope 3 from company‑specific
reporting
financed emissions

≤ 5 years

> 5 year
≤ 10 years

> 10 year
≤ 20 years

> 20 years

Average weighted
maturity
(in years)

269,597

29,369

27,266

1,723

4

10,945

1,124

841

78

4

6,678

840

103

1

3

124

3

3,336

392

1,268

388

628

59

27

-

2

-

4
4
3

1,322

1

75

87,074

3,822

1,172

289

3
3

12,140

545

143

29

3

3,161

80

37

1

3

929

10

10

12

3

1,143

8

4

1

2

400

4

-

2

2

965

175

8

1

4

1,640

92

3

6

2

744

36

7

3

3

2,097

445

445

7,056

720

76

26

3

4,698

219

8

14

4

4,762

100

28

29

3

2,922

144

24

13

3

5,071

262

44

16

3

4,311

273

128

38

3

6,443

210

8

26

3

4,530

59

28

18

2

8,053

135

21

27

3

6

5

4

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

579

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

of which
exposures
towards
companies
of which
excluded from
EU environmentally
of which
sustainable
Paris‑Aligned
non‑performing
Benchmarks
exposures
(CCM) of which Stage 2

29

C.29 – Manufacture of motor vehicles,
trailers and semi‑trailers

30

C.30 – Manufacture of other transport
equipment

31

C.31 – Manufacture of furniture

32

C.32 – Other manufacturing

1,614

33

C.33 – Repair and installation of
machinery and equipment

2,490

D – Electricity, gas, steam and air
34 conditioning supply

7,038

23

of which
non‑performing
of which Stage 2
exposures

60

1,015

264

(223)

(9)

(214)

4,331

372

584

47

(26)

(7)

(18)

1,013

-

108

35

(32)

(4)

(25)

3

238

98

(53)

(15)

(34)

5

94

305

57

(41)

(7)

(32)

1,546

312

(138)

(17)

(102)

19,080

3,176

1,339

35

D35.1 – Electric power generation,
transmission and distribution

15,711

1,103

1,323

1,164

281

(118)

(12)

(91)

36

D35.11 – Production of electricity

11,946

816

824

1,100

276

(110)

(12)

(85)

37

D35.2 – Manufacture of gas;
distribution of gaseous fuels
through mains

2,797

2,073

13

192

29

(19)

(4)

(11)

38

D35.3 – Steam and air conditioning
supply

3

190

2

(2)

571

E – Water supply; sewerage, waste
39 management and remediation activities

2,528

88

89

276

108

(72)

(4)

(62)

40 F – Construction

25,615

249

374

2,923

2,112

(1,499)

(49)

(1,395)

41

F.41 – Construction of buildings

15,728

33

134

1,585

1,473

(936)

(22)

(886)

42

F.42 – Civil engineering

3,713

213

70

626

200

(153)

(11)

(131)

43

F.43 – Specialised construction
activities

6,173

2

171

711

439

(410)

(16)

(378)

G – Wholesale and retail trade; repair of
44 motor vehicles and motorcycles

69,868

5,240

654

10,492

2,120

(1,323)

(172)

(1,033)

45 H – Transportation and storage

29,001

2,512

311

3,836

591

(423)

(51)

(335)

46

H.49 – Land transport and transport
via pipelines

8,600

1,670

93

912

335

(231)

(16)

(200)

47

H.50 – Water transport

11,170

662

6

1,875

170

(113)

(10)

(100)

48

H.51 – Air transport

3,162

563

21

(19)

(6)

(11)

49

H.52 – Warehousing and support
activities for transportation

5,888

212

473

60

(55)

(18)

(21)

50

H.53 – Postal and courier activities

181

-

12

5

(4)

179

(3)

I – Accommodation and food service
51 activities

7,587

1

1,761

653

(347)

(69)

(262)

52 L – Real estate activities

61,308

5

212

7,111

1,494

(730)

(181)

(438)

Exposures towards sectors other than
those that highly contribute to climate
53 change(*)

125,900

1,557

4,473

12,197

3,606

(1,828)

(265)

(1,385)

54 K – Financial and insurance activities

23,702

466

454

1,695

793

(502)

(58)

(408)

Exposures to other sectors (NACE codes J,
55 M – U)

102,198

1,091

4,019

10,502

2,813

(1,326)

(206)

(977)

56 TOTAL

453,855

22,329

8,590

51,100

14,252

(8,860)

(1,086)

(7,044)

(1) In accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as regards minimum
standards for EU Climate Transition Benchmarks and EU Paris‑aligned benchmarks – regulation on climate benchmarks: the sectors listed
in Annex I, sections A to H and section L, of Regulation (EC) No. 1893/2006.

580

h

Accumulated impairment, accumulated negative
changes
in fair value due to credit risk and provisions

Gross carrying amount

In millions of euros

g

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

5

p

31 December 2023
GHG financed emissions (scope 1, scope2 and
scope3 emissions of the counterparty) (in tons of
CO2 equivalent)

GHG emissions (column
i): gross carrying
amount percentage of
the portfolio derived
of which scope 3 from company‑specific
reporting
financed emissions

≤ 5 years

> 5 year
≤ 10 years

> 10 year
≤ 20 years

> 20 years

Average weighted
maturity
(in years)

6,991

38

5

3

2

4,150

100

78

3

2

929

56

27

1

2

1,540

47

11

16

3

2,394

63

28

5

3

13,677

2,323

2,876

204

5

10,650

2,194

2,680

188

7

7,305

1,864

2,626

150

6

2,572

106

119

-

1

455

22

77

16

1

1,949

476

83

21

3

23,246

1,126

1,140

102

3

14,263

681

706

79

3

3,603

53

52

5

4

5,381

393

381

18

4

64,766

3,564

1,267

271

3

23,390

3,803

1,660

148

4

7,577

653

359

11

4

8,352

2,250

568

-

5

2,625

359

171

6

5

4,661

538

559

130

4

176

2

3

-

2

5,774

1,117

642

54

4

32,097

11,174

17,480

557

7

108,287

10,580

5,048

1,985

2

18,745

3,142

1,139

676

2

89,542

7,438

3,910

1,309

3

377,884

39,949

32,314

3,708

4

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

581

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

The table “Credit quality of exposures by sector, emissions and
residual maturity” is republished as of 31 December 2023 following
the new instruction provided by the EBA in April 2024 within its
question and answer framework (Q&A 2023_6940).
The Group’s total exposure to non‑financial corporates stands at
EUR 447 billion at 31 December 2024 including loans and advances,
debt securities and equity instruments not held for trading. The table
shows a mapping of exposures by sector with the detail of those
considered to significantly contribute to climate change and may
not, under any circumstances, be interpreted as an exposure to
transition risk as such.
The exposure towards companies excluded from Paris‑aligned
benchmarks (1) stands at EUR 19 billion and is mainly composed of
exposure towards companies active in fossil fuel. These companies
have been identified through a double screening based on:
1. the identification of counterparts belonging to oil, gas and coal
sectors as identified in the Group’s internal activity referential
or according to the NACE code declared by the counterpart;
2. the identification of counterparts deriving their revenue from
the fossil fuel value chain as defined in the Climate Benchmark
Standard Regulation (2) obtained from an external data
provider.
The environmentally‑sustainable outstandings relate to the
exposures identified as aligned to the climate change mitigation
objective in relation with Regulation EU 2020/852. They only cover
financial instruments with general purpose, granted to European
corporates subject to the Non‑Financial Reporting Directive in 2024.
The alignment share is calculated on the basis of the ratio of EU
Taxonomy‑aligned turnover disclosed by these counterparts. The
methodology is detailed in section 7.1.3 Activities aligned within the
meaning of the European Taxonomy in chapter 7.
[Sustainability statements] (3) As of 31 December 2024, the estimated
amount of greenhouse gas financed emissions of the counterparts is
104.2 MtCO2e. The estimate of greenhouse gas financed emissions of
the counterparts is calculated according to the Partnership for
Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) Standard A methodology. In
order to determine the share of emissions affected to the Group’s
financing, the scope 1 and 2 emissions reported by the counterparts
are weighted by the share of financing held by BNP Paribas over the
client’s total financing, represented by the enterprise value for listed
companies and the total equity and debt (loans and debt securities)
for unlisted companies.

The average data quality score of the Group’s financed emissions
according to PCAF standard is 3.8 as of end‑December 2024. It is
determined by weighting the gross carrying amount by the quality
score of the greenhouse gases emissions used. The scale of data
quality score ranges from 1, for collected and verified data, to 5 for
the average sector and regional intensities.
The estimated amount of greenhouse gas financed emissions of the
Group’s counterparts on their scopes 1 and 2 is 60.5 MtCO2e. Scopes
1 and 2 greenhouse gas data collected from counterparts or data
providers cover 29% of the Group’s total outstanding amount granted
to non‑financial corporates. Where clients’ greenhouse gas emissions
are not available, the Group relies on average emissions intensities
of the counterpart’s sector to complete the scope of calculation. The
Group uses Exiobase estimates provided by PCAF, more specifically
the emission intensities expressed in terms of greenhouse gas
emissions per unit asset lent or financed (CO2e/M€) for a given
sector and geography. In line with PCAF recommendations, the
Group applies emissions intensities at sectoral and regional level.
The estimated amount of greenhouse gas financed emissions of the
Group’s counterparts on their scope 3 is 43.7 MtCO2e as of 31
December 2024 in the oil and gas and automotive sectors, which are
the sectors for which, at this stage, the Group has reliable and
relevant data. Data is published on these two sectors despite the
multiple counting of the gas and oil usage by end‑users in the
automotive industry. When data is not reported by clients of these
sectors, the Group does not use the average intensities by sector and
geography proposed by PCAF. Indeed, PCAF intensities are limited to
the upstream activities of the value chain and do not cover the use
of fuels of the downstream activities. Therefore, they are
significantlyunderestimated. The Group applies average intensities
per euro lent observed on the counterparts of these sectors which
are in the Group’s portfolio and for which the data are
available. These estimates are of low quality and are likely to change
significantly downwards or upwards along with clients’ disclosures.
Overall, scope 3 data is available for less than 18% of the Group’s
outstanding amount granted to non‑financial corporates. In sectors
other than oil and gas and automotive, greenhouse gas data are
either not published by counterparts (coverage below 30%) or appear
to be non‑homogeneous and linked to segments of the value chain
for which there are no decarbonisation levers that can be directly
actionable.

(1) In accordance with article 12 (1) (d) to (g) and article 12 (2) of Regulation (EU) 2020/1818.
(2) As per Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, companies active in fossil fuel are those that derive revenues from exploration, mining, extraction, production, processing, storage, refining
or distribution, including transportation, storage and trade, of fossil fuels with the following thresholds 1% for coal, 10% for oil, 50% for gas.
(3) This information is an integral part of the sustainability statements, presented in Chapter 7.1, and is covered by the certification report on sustainability statements

582

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

5

ALIGNMENT METRICS BY SECTOR
➤ TABLE N° 108 : BANKING BOOK - INDICATORS OF POTENTIAL CLIMATE CHANGE TRANSITION RISK: ALIGNMENT
METRICS

Sector

Distance to the
2030 milestone of
Year of the IEA NZE2050, in
%
reference

Target (year of
reference + 3
years)

NACE Sectors (a minima)

Portfolio gross
carrying amoun
(Mn EUR)

Alignment metric

D35.1, D35.3

15,313

129 gCO2/kWh

2024

- 34%

146(1)

B06, C19, D35.2

6,156

9.5 MtCO2e

2024

- 47%

8.9

C29

5,564

145 gCO2/km WLTP

2024

120%

137(1)

1

Power generation

2

Oil & Gas

3

Automotive

4

Aviation

H51, H52, C30, C33

7,488

904 gCO2e/RTK

2023

23%

853

5

Shipping

H50

5,927

8.2 gCO2e/dwt.nm

2023

55%

7.4

6

Cement

B08

599

0.63 tCO2/t cementitious
product

2023

34%

0.58

7

Steel

C24, C25, B05, B07

3,184

1.5 tCO2/t steel

2024

23%

1.3

8

Aluminium

C24, C25, B05, B07

256

5.3 tCO2e/t aluminium

2024

- 40%

5.5

9

Commercial real estate

L

15,175

27.7 kg CO2e/m²

2023

3%

24.0

(1) Target 2025

The above template provides information on alignment efforts
towards Paris agreement objectives on the intensive sectors in terms
of the greenhouse gas emissions of the Group’s portfolio. This
information is published using the same scopes and methodologies
as those of the credit portfolio sector alignment objectives presented
in section 7.1.2 Climate Change, paragraph 3. Metrics and targets of
chapter 7.
The gross carrying amount is determined as of 31 December 2024 on
all the counterparts in the sectors covered by the alignment
objectives of the Group’s credit portfolio , the NACE sectors included
in the template provided by the EBA are non‑exhaustive and are
provided on an indicative basis only.

The distance between the alignment metric at the reference date
and the 2030 milestone for each sector is calculated in relation to
the IEA’s Net‑Zero Emissions (NZE) 2050 scenario in accordance with
the instructions.

5

Except for the automotive and power generation sectors for which
the targets correspond to the ones set for the Group’s 2025
commitments, the disclosed targets are projections at three years
from the reference year are interpolated between the reference year
and 2030, the date of the Group’s credit portfolio sector alignment
commitments. These intermediate points are estimates of the
sectoral alignment trajectories at 3 years.

The alignment metrics used are the same as the metrics presented
in section 7.1.2 Climate change, paragraph 3. Metrics and targets of
chapter 7. It should be noted that the alignment metric for the
automotive sector is measured on the average intensity of vehicles
produced over the year as only the portfolio of car manufacturer
loans is covered.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

583

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

➤ TABLE 109: EXPOSURES TO TOP 20 CARBON‑INTENSIVE FIRMS
a

b

c

d

e

31 December 2024
Gross carrying amount towards
the counterparties compared
Gross carrying amount
to total gross carrying
(in millions of euros)
amount (aggregate)(1)
1

TOTAL

5,457

of which environmentally
sustainable (CCM)

Weighted average maturity

(in millions of euros)

(in years)

Number of top 20 polluting
firms included

17.2

4

9

0.46%

(1) For counterparties among the top 20 carbon‑emitting companies in the world.

The information above does not include the counterparties for which the commercial relationship has ended and for which the residual
outstanding is not significant.
a

b

c

d

e

31 December 2023
Gross carrying amount towards
the counterparties compared
Gross carrying amount
to total gross carrying
(in millions of euros)
amount (aggregate)(1)
1

TOTAL

6,407

of which environmentally
sustainable (CCM)

Weighted average maturity

(in millions of euros)

(in years)

Number of top 20 polluting
firms included

14.7

4

11

0.58%

(1) For counterparties among the top 20 carbon‑emitting companies in the world.

The identification of the counterparties making up the list of the 20
most carbon‑intensive firms worldwide was updated in 2024 and is
based on the public list provided by Carbon Majors (1).
The assets included in the table are composed of loans and
advances, debt securities and equity instruments not held for trading
granted to these business groups. They are compared to the gross
carrying amount of the assets included in the banking book,
excluding financial assets held for trading and held for sale.

After matching on a name‑by‑name basis the Climate Accountability
Institute list with the internal third parties referential at business
group level, the related carrying amount, corresponding to the
financing of 9 of them, has been aggregated and stands at
EUR 5 billion at end‑December 2024.
The environmentally‑sustainable gross carrying amount relates to
the exposures identified as aligned to the climate change mitigation
objective in relation with Regulation EU 2020/852. They only cover
financial instruments with general purpose, granted to European
corporates subject to the Non‑Financial Reporting Directive in 2024.
The alignment share is calculated on the basis of the ratio of EU
Taxonomy‑aligned turnover disclosed by these counterparts. The
methodology is detailed in section 7.1.3 Activities aligned within the
meaning of the European Taxonomy in chapter 7.

(1) Carbon Majors Downloads - The Carbon Majors 2022 dataset

584

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

5

ENERGY EFFICIENCY OF THE COLLATERAL
➤ TABLE 110: LOANS COLLATERALISED BY IMMOVABLE PROPERTY – ENERGY EFFICIENCY OF THE COLLATERAL
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

31 December 2024
Total gross carrying amount
Level of energy efficiency (EP score in kWh/m2 of collateral)

In millions of euros

0; ≤ 100

> 100;
≤ 200

> 200;
≤ 300

> 300;
≤ 400

> 400;
≤ 500

Level of energy efficiency (EPC label of collateral)

> 500

A

B

C

D

E

Without EPC label of collateral

F

Of which level of
energy
efficiency (EP
score in kWh/m2
of collateral)
estimated

G

1

TOTAL EU AREA

203,611 25,969 54,328 44,854 25,573 17,612 11,539 6,585 5,242 6,288 6,720 6,059 5,326 4,120 163,269

85%

2

Of which Loans collateralised by
commercial immovable property

70,357 9,364 20,979 15,851 6,719 4,522 5,062

61,574

87%

3

Of which Loans collateralised by
residential immovable property

133,081 16,606 33,348 28,997 18,835 12,943 6,477 5,777 3,605 4,748 4,789 4,284 4,814 3,541 101,523

84%

4

Of which Collateral obtained by
taking possession: residential and
commercial immovable properties

5

Of which Level of energy efficiency
(EP score in kWh/m2 of collateral)
estimated

172

1

6

19

808 1,638 1,540 1,931 1,775

579

147

138,976 17,268 43,761 35,956 20,200 14,530 7,262

6

TOTAL NON‑EU AREA

6,126

93

339

806

160

50

105

32

145

482

101

33

7

Of which Loans collateralised by
commercial immovable property

2,578

34

252

709

88

14

74

15

128

466

74

13

8

Of which Loans collateralised by
residential immovable property

3,548

60

87

97

73

37

30

17

17

16

27

20

9

Of which Collateral obtained by
taking possession: residential and
commercial immovable properties

145

12

38

51

26

12

5

Of which Level of energy efficiency
(EP score in kWh/m2 of collateral)
10 estimated

512

11

11

11

11

172

100%

138,976

100%

5,311

14%

1,882

25%

3,429

8%

145

100%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

585

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

31 December 2023
Total gross carrying amount
Level of energy efficiency (EP score in kWh/m2 of collateral)

In millions of euros

0; ≤ 100

> 100;
≤ 200

> 200;
≤ 300

> 300;
≤ 400

> 400;
≤ 500

> 500

A

B

C

D

E

Without EPC label of collateral

F

Of which level of
energy
efficiency (EP
score in kWh/m2
of collateral)
estimated

G

1

TOTAL EU AREA

200,874 21,533 52,250 43,576 25,784 18,787 11,918 1,854 3,072 3,940 4,472 4,123 4,290 3,363 175,759

85%

2

Of which Loans collateralised by
commercial immovable property

67,486 8,054 20,142 15,074 6,525 4,499 4,866

63,760

87%

3

Of which Loans collateralised by
residential immovable property

133,182 13,480 32,106 28,495 19,237 14,112 7,052 1,702 2,439 3,304 3,346 3,466 4,132 2,999 111,792

83%

4

Of which Collateral obtained by
taking possession: residential and
commercial immovable properties

5

Of which Level of energy efficiency
(EP score in kWh/m2 of collateral)
estimated

207

2

7

22

633

636 1,126

657

158

364

145,656 18,328 44,436 37,196 22,215 15,658 7,823

TOTAL NON‑EU AREA

5,577

18

183

298

7

Of which Loans collateralised by
commercial immovable property

1,855

0

118

218

8

Of which Loans collateralised by
residential immovable property

3,722

18

65

80

53

25

29

9

Of which Collateral obtained by
taking possession: residential and
commercial immovable properties

145

7

36

54

30

13

5

53

26

29

2

0

The Group’s total portfolio of loans collateralised by immovable
properties stands at EUR 210 billion at 31 December 2024 including
loans collateralised by both commercial and residential immovable
properties and collateral obtained by taking possession. Its
breakdown by energy efficiency is displayed in two forms: its value in
kWh/m2 and in label (A to G) of the collateral as defined in the
Energy Performance of Buildings Directive (1) and the Energy
Efficiency Directive (2). The Energy Performance Certificates (EPCs)
provide information on the energy efficiency of the collateral, which
enables the Group to:
■ support/advise clients on their home purchase and during their

home's sustainable transition;
■ integrate EPC‑related information into the credit decision

process and credit risk management framework;
■ improve the accuracy of financial risk measures performed in

climate scenario analyses.

152

176

6

Of which Level of energy efficiency
(EP score in kWh/m2 of collateral)
10 estimated

2

128

229

118

218

10

11

14

10

9

8

0
14

10

207

100%

145,656

100%

5,178

4%

1,519
9

8

3,658

6%

145

100%

The availability of Energy Performance Certificates across Europe is
nevertheless not homogeneous, as it strongly relies on geographical
specificities, such as national data protection laws in Belgium, or real
estate local market practices for instance. Moreover, open‑source
databases are sometimes available, however they rarely cover a
whole country and often show poor data quality, as they are only
updated at the last sale of the assets, often more than two years
ago.
As Energy Performance Certificates are based on EU regulations,
data for real estate collaterals located outside the European Union
cannot be obtained except in a case where a mapping with the EU
EPC label exists.
As in most cases no mapping exists, the columns corresponding to
the EPC label of real estate collaterals located outside the EU have
been left blank and only the energy efficiency in kWh/m2 has been
filled in with estimates, when relevant.

(1) Directive 2010/31/EU.
(2) Directive 2012/27/EU.

586

Level of energy efficiency (EPC label of collateral)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

As a result, Energy Performance Certificates (EPCs) data are either:
■ collected by entities, during the loan origination process. In this

case they are considered as reported data;
■ obtained from central national databases. When a 1‑to‑1

matching with the financed counterpart is possible, EPC data is
considered as reported. When the matching is deduced (based
on the address, for example), EPC data is considered as
estimated;
■ estimated on the basis of proxies or rules (based on the mean

energy efficiency for a region or a country for example).

5

Loans guaranteed by a mutual guarantee fund, especially the “Crédit
Logement” framework in France, do not fall under the definition of
loans collateralised by immovable property and are not reported in
this table.
Should these loans have been reported, the total gross carrying
amount of real estate loans at 31 December 2024 would have
increased by EUR 78 billion, of which EUR 7 billion in the “0; < 100”
bucket, EUR 26 billion in the “> 100; ≤ 200” bucket, EUR 26 billion in
the “> 200; ≤ 300” bucket, EUR 13 billion in the “> 300; ≤ 400”
bucket, EUR 4 billion in the “> 400; ≤ 500” bucket, and EUR 2 billion
in the “> 500” bucket.

BANKING BOOK – INDICATORS OF POTENTIAL CLIMATE CHANGE PHYSICAL RISK
➤ TABLE 111: EXPOSURES SUBJECT TO POTENTIAL PHYSICAL RISK
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

31 December 2024
Gross carrying amount
of which exposures sensitive to impact from climate change physical events
Breakdown by maturity bucket

In millions of euros

≤ 5 years

> 5 years
≤ 10 years

> 10 years
≤ 20 years

46

5

4

> 20 years

of which exposures
of which exposures
Average weighted sensitive to impact from sensitive to impact from
maturity chronic climate change
acute climate change
events
events
(in years)

1

A – Agriculture, forestry and
fishing

11,333

2

B – Mining and quarrying

5,073

3

C – Manufacturing

95,092

4

D – Electricity, gas, steam and
air conditioning supply

19,837

5

5

E – Water supply; sewerage,
waste management and
remediation activities

3,465

3

6

F – Construction

25,412

28

2

2

3

31

7

G – Wholesale and retail trade;
repair of motor vehicles and
motorcycles

77,123

54

3

1

3

58

8

H – Transportation and storage

27,192

2

9

L – Real estate activities

60,264

577

231

339

Loans collateralised by
10 residential immovable property

15,246

268

35

Loans collateralised by
commercial immovable
11 property

57,689

1,013

12 Repossessed collaterals

172

4

of which exposures
sensitive to impact both
from chronic and acute
climate change events

55

4
1

3

4

2

12

7

1,159

26

3

4

332

132

99

11

4

1,255

2

304

Exposures to other sectors
13 (NACE codes I, J, M - U)

122,316

255

29

14

6

14 TOTAL

447,107

962

270

360

18

5

1

1,611

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

587

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

31 December 2023
Gross carrying amount
of which exposures sensitive to impact from climate change physical events
Breakdown by maturity bucket

In millions of euros

≤ 5 years

> 5 years
≤ 10 years

> 10 years
≤ 20 years

51

5

4

1

A – Agriculture, forestry and
fishing

12,989

2

B – Mining and quarrying

7,623

3

C – Manufacturing

92,356

4

D – Electricity, gas, steam and
air conditioning supply

19,080

5

E – Water supply; sewerage,
waste management and
remediation activities

2,528

6

F – Construction

25,615

164

8

8

7

G – Wholesale and retail trade;
repair of motor vehicles and
motorcycles

69,868

73

4

1

8

H – Transportation and storage

29,001

1

9

L – Real estate activities

61,308

594

207

323

Loans collateralised by
10 residential immovable property

13,749

208

45

Loans collateralised by
commercial immovable
11 property

55,591

874

12 Repossessed collaterals

227

> 20 years

1

1

4

60

3

1

3

181

3

79

4

2

10

7

1,135

62

3

4

319

189

262

13

4

1,337

3

336

Exposures to other sectors
13 (NACE codes I – K & M – U)

133,488

287

29

14

5

14 TOTAL

453,855

1,172

254

351

17

The table before shows the potential exposures sensitive to physical
risks.
Disclaimer: Given the current lack of stability of the models, the data
gaps and the guidelines' uncertainty, the Group has opted for the
disclosure of impacts using the physical risk scenarios of the 2022
European Central Bank Climate stress test. The results of the flood,
heatwave and drought scenarios of the ECB’s 2022 climate stress
test have been adjusted to reflect the materiality of chronic physical
risk factors over the horizon of the estimated duration of the credit
portfolios, by only retaining exposures to non‑financial companies to
match the model expected by the EBA. These figures are not
comparable with other banks' publications, having taken other
disclosure options, and are published for information only. These
figures are an attempt to flag exposures potentially sensitive to
physical risk events and should not be understood as direct or
integrated risks.

of which exposures
sensitive to impact both
from chronic and acute
climate change events

1,794

Physical risks are defined as the risks of any negative financial
impact on the institution stemming from the current or prospective
impacts of physical effects of environmental factors on its
counterparties or invested assets.
The presentation of assets subject to climate change physical risks in
the Group’s balance sheet requires the definition of methodologies
and hypotheses to identify the corresponding counterparties.
Two physical risk scenarios were retained by the European Central
Bank for its 2022 climate stress test exercise. They are based on
anticipating today the expected chronic heat levels and an acute
river flooding event forecast for 2050. The acute extreme climate
events are managed through this thirty‑year anticipation of severe
events that are plausible in 2050. No chronic physical risk events
were specifically covered in the 2022 ECB climate stress test.

The Group expects that the instructions and working assumptions
will be clarified with a common methodology to be applied for future
years. It should also be noted that these analyses are based on an
adjusted version of the ECB scenarios initially presenting a time
horizon of 2050, to reflect the materiality of the chronic physical risk
factors to the expected duration of the credit portfolios, all other
things being equal.

588

of which exposures
of which exposures
Average weighted sensitive to impact from sensitive to impact from
maturity chronic climate change
acute climate change
events
events
(in years)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

In the ECB drought and heat risk scenario, the economic effects of a
severe drought and heatwave in Europe were modelled. Extended
periods of hot weather can lead to sizeable output losses across
several economic sectors. Through their exposure to these
vulnerable industries, banks could sustain losses. To limit the scope
of the exercise, the scenario only models the shocks to sectoral gross
value‑added growth. The scenario calibration is based on NGFS
(Network for Greening the Financial System) estimates for labour
productivity shocks due to heat stress across relevant countries in
2050. Thus, the key transmission channel of heatwave risk to the
economy is through labour productivity. For example, a severe
heatwave can weaken the productivity of construction workers or
that of farmers who face harsher working conditions.
For this drought risk scenario, BNP Paribas provided its corporate
exposures not secured by real estate with headquarters in France,
Belgium, Italy, Germany and Luxembourg (main exposures of the
Group).
River flooding has historically been a major source of physical risk in
Europe and, with a rise in extreme levels of precipitation being
associated with climate change, this risk is expected to increase.
Under the river flooding scenario used by the ECB in its 2022
climate stress test, it is assumed that severe floods sweep across
Europe on the first day of projection. While the probability of such an
event is very low, it allows relevant flood risk scenarios to be created
across the European Union. Flood risk is different across Europe and
can vary significantly even within a few kilometres. Therefore, the
flood risk scenario accounts for within‑country variation in risks. As
such, shocks to residential and commercial real estate exposures are
estimated at NUTS3 regional level (“Nomenclature des Unités
Territoriales Statistiques” – the level 3 being departments for
France), according to a specific flood risk level.

5

The flood risk scenario was developed based on insights from the
work carried out by the European Commission’s Joint Research
Centre on flood risk, as well as from granular geospatial flood risk
data collected for the purposes of the ECB economy‑wide climate
stress test based on the Four Twenty‑Seven dataset.
For this flood risk scenario, BNP Paribas provided its commercial real
estate exposures located in France, Belgium and Italy (main
exposures of the Group)..

BANKING BOOK – MITIGATION ACTIONS
In accordance with EBA instructions, publications relating to the GAR
(Green Asset Ratio) presented below in tables 112 to 114 are based
on the alignment with the taxonomy of the counterparty’s turnover
for the financing component without determined allocation.
The methodology for identifying eligible and aligned assets is
described in section 7.1.3 Aligned activities within the meaning of
European taxonomy of chapter 7. The increase in the Green Asset
Ratio in 2024 reflects the inclusion of aligned habitat credits,
identified through a comprehensive valuation method applied since
2024.
Due to its methodological imbalance and operational complexity, the
GAR cannot reflect all the financing of the transition to a low‑carbon
economy for the Group. As a result, the Group publishes an internal
ratio, which tracks the evolution of the Group's financing towards
assets contributing to Europe's carbon neutrality objectives. This
indicator, which is detailed in section 7.1.3 Aligned activities under
the EU taxonomy, measures the share of assets aligned with key
climate performance criteria over the assets eligible to climate
objectives.

5

➤ TABLE 112: SUMMARY OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPIS) ALIGNED WITH THE TAXONOMY
a

b

c

f

31 December 2024
Key performance indicators
Total (climate change mitigation Proportion of eligible assets in relation
+ climate change adaptation)
to total assets

Climate change mitigation

Climate change adaptation

GAR stock

1.82%

0.02%

1.84%

11.21%

GAR flow

(11.50)%

(0.07)%

(11.56)%

(125.36)%

a

b

c

f

31 December 2023
Key performance indicators

GAR stock

Climate change mitigation

Climate change adaptation

0.77%

0.01%

Total (climate change mitigation Proportion of eligible assets in relation
+ climate change adaptation)
to total assets
0.78%

11.78%

GAR flow

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

589

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

➤ TABLE 113: ASSETS FOR THE GAR CALCULATION
a

b

c

d

e

f

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Gross carrying amount

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)
of which specialised
lending

In millions of euros

of which transitional

of which enabling

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and denominator

1

Loans and advances, debt securities and equity
instruments not held for trading eligible for the GAR
calculation

536,690

271,118

23,296

8,576

2,800

2

Financial corporations

46,999

9,936

632

6

383

3

Credit institutions

18,347

3,256

1

1

1

1

4

Loans and advances

5,493

1,745

5

Debt securities

7,678

1,378

6

Equity instruments

5,176

133

7

Other financial corporations

28,653

6,680

631

6

382

8

of which investment firms

8,212

2,415

184

4

167

9

Loans and advances

2,895

629

67

4

51

10

Debt securities

4,708

1,779

116

11

Equity instruments

609

7

12

Loans and advances

14

Debt securities

15
16
17

Equity instruments
of which insurance undertakings
Loans and advances

5,517

2,436

223

2

214

3,545

1,836

189

1

181

882

490

34

1

33

1,090

111

14,923

1,829

225

1

7,420

890

117

1

18

Debt securities

4,038

420

81

19

Equity instruments

3,465

519

27

166,761

29,306

5,220

648

2,417

20

Non‑financial corporations (subject to NFRD
disclosure obligations)

21

Loans and advances

160,350

27,336

4,838

648

2,252

22

Debt securities

1,962

1,190

314

-

162

23

Equity instruments

4,449

780

67

-

3

311,173

231,857

17,444

7,922

-

17,444

7,922

24

590

of which management companies

13

116

Households

25

of which loans collateralised by residential
immovable property

207,123

207,123

26

of which building renovation loans

4,942

4,942

27

of which loans for motor vehicles

19,792

19,792

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

5

p

31 December 2024
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)
of which specialised
lending

of which adaptation

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which enabling

of which specialised of which transitional/
lending
adaptation

of which enabling

3,535

199

274,653

23,495

8,576

2,800

132

-

10,068

632

6

383

1

3,258

1

1

1

1,746

1

1

1,378
133
131

6,811

631

6

382

4

2,419

184

4

167

4

2

630

67

2

1,781

116

51
116

-

7

-

127

2,563

223

2

214

-

112

1,948

189

1

181

15

504

34

1

33

5

111
1,829

225

1

890

117

1

420

81

519

27

3,403

199

32,709

5,418

648

2,417

3,373

195

30,709

5,034

648

2,252

5

3

1,195

317

-

162

25

-

805

68

-

3

231,857

17,444

7,922

-

207,123

17,444

7,922

4,942
19,792

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

591

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Gross carrying amount

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)
of which specialised
lending

In millions of euros
28
29
30

Local government financing

11,756

19

11,756

19

Other local government financing

31
32

TOTAL GAR ASSETS

EU non‑financial corporations (not subject to NFRD
disclosure obligations)

34

Loans and advances

35

Debt securities

36

Equity instruments
Non‑EU non‑financial corporations (not subject to
NFRD disclosure obligations)

38

Loans and advances

39

Debt securities

40

Equity instruments

135,458
133,902
420
1,136
145,840
140,851
4,537
452

41

Derivatives

20,930

42

On demand interbank loans

8,543

43

Cash and cash‑related assets

44

Other assets (goodwill, commodities, etc.)

426,506

45

TOTAL ASSETS IN THE DENOMINATOR (GAR)

1,276,702

Other assets excluded from both the numerator and
the denominator for the GAR calculation

592

8,576

2,800

191
536,881

Assets excluded from the numerator for GAR
calculation (covered in the denominator)

37

of which enabling

Housing financing

Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential
and commercial immovable properties

33

of which transitional

2,544

-

46

Sovereigns

173,763

47

Central bank exposures

196,875

48

Trading book

802,995

49

TOTAL ASSETS EXCLUDED FROM THE NUMERATOR
AND THE DENOMINATOR

1,173,632

50

TOTAL ASSETS

2,450,334

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

271,118

23,296

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

5

p

31 December 2024
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)
of which specialised
lending

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which adaptation

of which specialised of which transitional/
lending
adaptation

of which enabling

of which enabling

19

19

3,535

199

-

-

-

274,653

23,495

-

8,576

2,800

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

593

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Gross carrying amount

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)
of which specialised
lending

In millions of euros

of which transitional

of which enabling

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and denominator

1

Loans and advances, debt securities and equity
instruments not held for trading eligible for the GAR
calculation

659,823

276,571

9,137

5,808

2,631

2

Financial corporations

82,051

6,803

546

495

403

3

Credit institutions

12,674

978

-

-

4

Loans and advances

1,356

253

5

Debt securities

6,137

725

-

-

-

5,825

546

495

403

6

Equity instruments

5,181

7

Other financial corporations

69,377
47,567

3,108

323

323

231

9

Loans and advances

31,470

1,799

221

221

130

10

Debt securities

11,305

1,309

102

102

102

11

Equity instruments

4,792

-

-

-

8,039

2,231

172

172

171

8

12

of which management companies

13

Loans and advances

6,424

2,219

172

172

171

14

Debt securities

752

12

-

-

-

15

Equity instruments

863

-

-

-

-

13,771

487

51

-

-

16

of which insurance undertakings

17

Loans and advances

5,727

48

-

-

-

18

Debt securities

3,445

8

-

-

-

4,599

431

51

-

-

258,850

42,107

8,590

5,313

2,228

250,750

37,862

7,585

4,769

1,935

2,045

1,137

534

534

290

19
20

Equity instruments
Non‑financial corporations (subject to NFRD
disclosure obligations)

21

Loans and advances

22

Debt securities

23
24

594

of which investment firms

Equity instruments
Households

6,055

3,108

471

9

3

307,637

227,656

-

-

-

25

of which loans collateralised by residential
immovable property

208,499

208,499

-

-

-

26

of which building renovation loans

4,617

4,617

-

-

-

27

of which loans for motor vehicles

14,540

14,540

-

-

-

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

5

p

31 December 2023
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which specialised
lending

of which adaptation

of which enabling

of which specialised of which transitional/
lending
adaptation

of which enabling

598

117

-

-

-

277,169

9,254

-

5,808

2,631

34

4

-

-

-

6,837

550

-

495

403

-

-

-

-

-

978

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

253

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

725

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

5,859

550

495

403

-

-

34

4

-

21

3

-

-

-

3,128

326

-

323

231

21

3

-

-

-

1,820

224

-

221

130

-

-

-

-

-

1,309

102

-

102

102

-

-

-

-

-

-

13

1

-

-

-

2,244

173

-

172

171

13

1

-

-

-

2,233

173

-

172

171

-

-

-

-

-

12

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

487

51

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

48

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

8

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

431

51

-

-

564

113

-

-

-

42,672

8,704

-

5,313

2,228

564

113

-

-

-

38,427

7,699

-

4,769

1,935

-

-

-

-

-

1,137

534

-

534

290

-

-

-

-

3,108

471

9

3

227,656

-

-

-

-

208,499

-

-

-

-

4,617

-

-

-

-

14,540

-

-

-

-

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

595

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

a

b

c

d

e

f

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)

Gross carrying amount

of which specialised
lending

In millions of euros
28

Local government financing

29

Housing financing

30

Other local government financing

31
32

Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential
and commercial immovable properties
TOTAL GAR ASSETS

EU non‑financial corporations (not subject to NFRD
disclosure obligations)

34

Loans and advances

35

Debt securities

36

Equity instruments

37

Non‑EU non‑financial corporations (not subject to
NFRD disclosure obligations)

38

Loans and advances

39

Debt securities

40

Equity instruments

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

11,286

4

-

-

-

227

-

-

-

-

660,050

276,571

9,137

5,808

2,631

60,919
59,684
177
1,058
129,776
125,265
4,207
305

41

Derivatives

21,814

42

On demand interbank loans

7,139

43

Cash and cash‑related assets

44

Other assets (goodwill, commodities, etc.)

308,610

45

TOTAL ASSETS IN THE DENOMINATOR (GAR)

1,191,002

2,694

Other assets excluded from both the numerator and
the denominator for the GAR calculation

596

of which enabling

4

Assets excluded from the numerator for GAR
calculation (covered in the denominator)
33

of which transitional

11,286

46

Sovereigns

141,256

47

Central bank exposures

300,225

48

Trading book

719,602

49

TOTAL ASSETS EXCLUDED FROM THE NUMERATOR
AND THE DENOMINATOR

1,161,082

50

TOTAL ASSETS

2,352,085

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

5

p

31 December 2023
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which specialised
lending

of which adaptation

of which enabling

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

598

117

-

-

of which specialised of which transitional/
lending
adaptation
4

of which enabling

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

4

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

277,169

9,254

-

5,808

2,631

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

597

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

➤ TABLE 114: GAR (%)
a

b

c

d

e

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)
of which specialised
lending

% (of total assets included in the denominator)
1.82%

of which enabling

0.67%

0.22%

1

GAR

2

Loans and advances, debt securities and
equity instruments not held for trading and eligible for the
GAR calculation

50.52%

4.34%

1.60%

0.52%

3

Financial corporations

21.14%

1.35%

0.01%

0.82%

4

Credit institutions

17.75%

0.01%

0.00%

0.01%

5

Other financial corporations

23.31%

2.20%

0.02%

1.33%

6

of which investment firms

29.41%

2.23%

0.05%

2.04%

7

of which management companies

44.16%

4.04%

0.03%

3.88%

8

of which insurance undertakings

12.25%

1.51%

0.00%

0.01%
1.45%

9

Non‑financial corporations (subject to NFRD disclosure
obligations)

17.57%

3.13%

0.39%

10

Households

74.51%

5.61%

2.55%

8.42%

3.82%

11

of which loans collateralised by residential immovable
property

100.00%

12

of which building renovation loans

100.00%

13

of which motor vehicle loans

100.00%

14
15
16
17

598

21.24%

of which transitional

Local government financing

0.16%

Housing financing
Other local government financing
Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and
commercial immovable properties

0.16%
-

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

5

p

31 December 2024: Stock indicators
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)
of which
specialised
lending
0.28%

0.02%

0.66%
0.28%

-

of which
adaptation

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)
of which
specialised
lending

of which enabling

of which
transitional/
adaptation

of which enabling

Proportion of
eligible assets in
relation to total
assets

21.51%

1.84%

0.67%

0.22%

11.21%

0.04%

51.18%

4.38%

1.60%

0.52%

11.21%

0.00%

21.42%

1.35%

0.01%

0.82%

0.41%

0.01%

0.00%

17.76%

0.01%

0.00%

0.01%

0.13%

0.46%

0.00%

23.77%

2.20%

0.02%

1.33%

0.28%

0.05%

0.00%

29.45%

2.24%

0.05%

2.04%

0.10%

2.30%

0.00%

46.46%

4.04%

0.03%

3.88%

0.10%

0.00%

0.00%

12.25%

1.51%

0.00%

0.01%

0.07%

2.04%

0.12%

1.45%

1.33%

19.61%

3.25%

0.39%

74.51%

5.61%

2.55%

100.00%

8.42%

3.82%

100.00%

9.46%
8.45%
0.20%

100.00%

0.81%

0.16%

0.00%

0.16%

0.00%

5

0.00%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

599

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

a

b

c

d

e

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)
of which specialised
lending

% (of total assets included in the denominator)

of which transitional

of which enabling

1

GAR

23.22%

0.77%

0.49%

0.22%

2

Loans and advances, debt securities and
equity instruments not held for trading and eligible for the
GAR calculation

41.92%

1.38%

0.88%

0.40%
0.49%

3

Financial corporations

8.29%

0.67%

0.60%

4

Credit institutions

7.71%

-

-

-

5

Other financial corporations

8.40%

0.79%

0.71%

0.58%

6

of which investment firms

6.53%

0.68%

0.68%

0.49%

7

of which management companies

27.75%

2.14%

2.14%

2.13%

8

of which insurance undertakings

3.54%

0.37%

-

-

3.32%

2.05%

0.86%

9

Non‑financial corporations (subject to NFRD disclosure
obligations)

16.27%

10

Households

74.00%

11

of which loans collateralised by residential immovable
property

100.00%

12

of which building renovation loans

100.00%

13

of which motor vehicle loans

100.00%

14
15
16
17

Local government financing

0.04%

Housing financing
Other local government financing

0.04%

Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and
commercial immovable properties

(1) the percentages of the alignment and eligibility ratios are computed considering as denominator the subtotal of each counterparty category

600

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

5

p

31 December 2023: Stock indicators
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)
of which
of which
transitional/
specialised lending
adaptation

of which enabling

Proportion of
eligible assets in
relation to total
assets

0.05%

0.01%

23.27%

0.78%

0.49%

0.22%

11.78%

0.09%

0.02%

42.01%

1.40%

0.88%

0.40%

11.78%

8.33%

0.67%

0.60%

0.49%

0.29%

7.72%

-

-

-

0.04%

of which
specialised lending

0.04%

of which
adaptation

of which enabling

0.05%

0.01%

8.45%

0.79%

0.71%

0.58%

0.25%

0.04%

0.01%

6.58%

0.69%

0.68%

0.49%

0.13%

0.17%

0.01%

27.91%

2.15%

2.14%

2.13%

0.10%

3.54%

-

-

-

0.02%

16.49%

3.36%

2.05%

0.86%

1.81%

74.00%

0.00%

0.00%

9.68%

0.22%

0.04%

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.00%

100.00%

8.86%

100.00%

0.20%

100.00%

0.62%

-

5

-

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

601

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

➤ TABLEAU N° 115 : GAR FLOW (%)
q

r

s

t

u

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Proportion of new eligible assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
Of which environmentally sustainable
Of which specialised
lending

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

Of which enabling

- 2,25%

- 0,14%

GAR

+ 4,43%

- 11,50%

2

Loans and advances, debt securities and
equity instruments not held for trading and eligible for the
GAR calculation

+ 4,43%

- 11,50%

- 2,25%

- 0,14%

3

Financial corporations

- 8,94%

- 0,25%

+ 1,39%

+ 0,06%

4

Credit institutions

+ 40,17%

+ 0,02%

0,00%

+ 0,02%

5

Other financial corporations

- 2,10%

- 0,21%

+ 1,20%

+ 0,05%
+ 0,16%

6

of which investment firms

+ 1,76%

+ 0,36%

+ 0,81%

7

of which management companies

- 8,15%

- 2,02%

+ 6,74%

- 1,70%

8

of which insurance undertakings

+ 116,37%

+ 15,04%

- 0,02%

+ 0,05%

+ 5,07%

- 0,20%

9

Non‑financial corporations (subject to NFRD disclosure
obligations)

+ 13,90%

+ 3,66%

10

Households

+ 118,76%

+ 415,28%
- 1.267,19%

11

of which loans collateralised by residential immovable
property

+ 100,00%

12

of which building renovation loans

+ 100,00%

of which motor vehicle loans

+ 100,00%

13
14
15
16
17

602

Of which transitional

1

Local government financing

+ 3,08%

Housing financing
Other local government financing

+ 3,08%

Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and
commercial immovable properties

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

v

w

x

y

z

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae

5

af

31 December 2024: KPIs on flows
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA)TOTAL (CCM + CCA)

Proportion of new eligible assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors

Proportion of new eligible assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors

Of which environmentally sustainable
Of which
specialised
lending
- 2,38%

Of which environmentally sustainable
Of which
transitional

Of which
specialised
lending

Of which enabling

Of which
transitional
- 2,25%

Proportion of total
new assets
Of which enabling
covered

- 0,07%

+ 2,04%

- 11,56%

- 0,14%

- 125,36%

- 2,38%

- 0,07%

+ 2,04%

- 11,57%

- 0,28%

+ 0,01%

- 9,22%

- 0,23%

- 2,25%

- 0,14%

- 125,33%

+ 1,39%

+ 0,06%

+ 0,02%

0,00%

+ 40,19%

+ 0,02%

0,00%

+ 0,02%

- 35,68%
+ 5,77%

- 0,24%

+ 0,01%

- 2,34%

- 0,20%

+ 1,20%

+ 0,05%

- 41,45%

+ 0,04%

+ 0,01%

+ 1,80%

+ 0,36%

+ 0,81%

+ 0,16%

- 40,06%

- 4,51%

+ 0,04%

- 12,66%

- 1,98%

+ 6,74%

- 1,70%

- 2,57%

0,00%

0,00%

+ 116,37%

+ 15,04%

- 0,02%

+ 0,05%

+ 1,17%

- 3,08%

- 0,09%

+ 5,07%

- 0,20%

- 93,73%

+ 10,82%

+ 3,57%

+ 118,76%

+ 415,28%

+ 3,60%

+ 100,00%

- 1.267,19%

- 1,40%

+ 100,00%

+ 0,33%

+ 100,00%

+ 5,35%

+ 3,08%

+ 0,48%

+ 3,08%

+ 0,48%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

603

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

For consistency purpose, the figures presented in the tables of this
section correspond to the alignment information presented in
section 7.1.3 Aligned activities within the meaning of European
taxonomy of chapter 7, in application of Commission Delegated
Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 of 6 July 2021 and of the Draft
Commission Notice of 21 December 2023.
The detail of covered assets and the methodology as well as the
limitations of the Green Asset Ratio are presented in section 7.1.3 of
chapter 7, as well as the internal ratio measuring the share of assets
aligned with climate performance criteria over eligible assets. The
table with the gross carrying amounts in absolute values is
accessible in the ESG regulatory indicators dedicated document, on
the Group Investors Relationships website.
It should be noted that the Green Asset Ratio, due to its unbalanced
methodology and its operating complexity, cannot reflect for the
Group the entirety of the instruments financing the transition to a
low‑carbon economy.
Firstly, the EU Taxonomy alignment covers only companies subject to
the NFRD, European households and specialised financings granted
to European local administrations. The regulation excludes from the
analysis financings granted to SMEs and non‑EU companies. Neither
does it allow the inclusion in the analysis of project financings set up
in dedicated vehicles, not subject to NFRD, even if they relate to
financing of European low‑carbon infrastructures. Moreover, the

604

ratio’s scope limited to large corporations subject to NFRD
regulation, appears very restrictive as regards the Group’s diversified
business model.
As such, the imbalance between the assets subject to alignment
analysis for the numerator and all covered assets in the
denominator sets a structural cap on the GAR at 42% for 2024. This
cap is lower as the business model is diversified in terms of clients,
products and geographies.
The taxonomy’s alignment criteria are by definition ambitious, since
they correspond to science‑based thresholds compatible with the EU
carbon neutrality goal by 2050. However, by proposing only an
aligned or non‑aligned outcome, the transition pathway is not taken
into account, although it is part of long‑term effort already engaged
by the Group and its clients.
Lastly, climate performance criteria are completed by multiple
supplementary conditions, aiming at ensuring that no significant
harm is caused towards one of the other five environmental
objectives of the Taxonomy. The assessment of these latter
conditions is complex, including issues both of the interpretation of
regulations and of access to information. The need to take these last
criteria into account significantly reduces the share of activities
aligned by companies, especially since banks data collection for each
criteria is not achievable as of today.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Environmental, social and governance risk

5

➤ TABLE 116: OTHER CLIMATE CHANGE MITIGATION ACTIONS NOT COVERED BY THE TAXONOMY
a

b

c

d

e

31 December 2024
Type of financial instrument
In millions of euros
1
2
7

Bonds (e.g. green, sustainable,
sustainability‑linked under
standards other than the EU
standards)

Type of counterparty Gross carrying amount

Type of risk mitigated
(Climate change
transition risk)

Financial corporations

Yes

Non‑financial corporations

97

Yes

Other counterparties

5,124

Yes

8

Financial corporations

1,550

Yes

9

Non‑financial corporations

27,650

Yes

10
11
12

Loans (e.g. green, sustainable,
sustainability‑linked under
standards other than the EU
standards)

13
14

Type of risk mitigated Qualitative information
(Climate change
on the nature of the
physical risk)
mitigating actions

of which Loans collateralised by
commercial immovable property

963

Yes

11,135

Yes

of which Loans collateralised by
residential immovable property

819

Yes

of which building renovation loans

4,944

Yes

307

Yes

Households

Other counterparties

a

b

c

Refer to
comments

Refer to
comments

d

e

31 December 2023

Type of counterparty Gross carrying amount

Type of risk mitigated
(Climate change
transition risk)

Financial corporations

43

Yes

Non‑financial corporations

93

Yes

Type of financial instrument
In millions of euros
1
2
7

Bonds (e.g. green, sustainable,
sustainability‑linked under
standards other than the EU
standards)

Other counterparties

3,797

Yes

8

Financial corporations

2,335

Yes

9

Non‑financial corporations

18,907

Yes

10
11
12
13
14

Loans (e.g. green, sustainable,
sustainability‑linked under
standards other than the EU
standards)

of which Loans collateralised by
commercial immovable property

1,882

Yes

22,919

Yes

of which Loans collateralised by
residential immovable property

14,569

Yes

of which building renovation loans

4,619

Yes

116

Yes

Households

Other counterparties

The table shows the loans and bonds, held in the banking book,
measured on a gross carrying amount basis, and that contribute to
mitigating climate change risks according to the ESG internal
classification principles of the Group.
Bonds outstanding stood at EUR 5.2 billion at 31 December 2024
(versus EUR 3.9 billion at 31 December 2023) and are identified by a
third party as aligned with key green bond principles defined by the
International Capital Market Association. Each bond in the banking
book portfolio is analysed according to the different criteria collected
by external information in order to select only the bonds which
finance low‑carbon and/or climate resilient projects or climate
transition projects.
Reported obligations are only those recorded in assets for which the
business model is to collect the contractual cash flows and hold the
asset until maturity.

Type of risk mitigated
(Climate change
physical risk)

Qualitative
information on the
nature of the
mitigating actions

5

Refer to
comments

Refer to
comments

Loans outstanding stood at EUR 40.6 billion at 31 December 2024
(versus EUR 44 billion at 31 December 2023) measured on the basis
of the gross carrying amount. They have been identified by the Group
as corresponding to loans with a specified climate mitigation
purpose based on the transaction tagging process deployed by the
Group in the credit process. The internal principles on which the
tagging is done are based on the Loan Market Association principles.
It includes a list of eligible categories, such as Renewable Energies,
Sustainable Hydrogen, Energy Efficiency and other Low‑Carbon
Solutions, Clean Transportation, for which qualitative and/or
quantitative criteria have been defined, leveraging as much as
possible on EU Taxonomy substantial contribution criteria or
recognised by the market or local climate performance standards.
The outstanding also includes Sustainability‑Linked Loans granted to
financial and non‑financial corporations, whose loan agreement
contains at least one performance indicator related to climate
change mitigation.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

605

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 1: Sovereign exposures

Appendix 1: Sovereign exposures
The BNP Paribas Group is exposed to sovereign risk, which is the risk
of a State defaulting on its debt, i.e. a temporary or prolonged
interruption of debt servicing (interest and/or principal). The Group
is thus exposed to credit, counterparty or market risk according to
the accounting category of the financial asset issued by the
sovereign State.
Exposure to sovereign debt mainly consists of securities. The Group
holds sovereign bonds as part of its liquidity management process.
Liquidity management is based in particular on holding securities
eligible as collateral for refinancing by central banks and includes a
substantial share of highly rated debt securities issued by
governments, representing a low level of risk. Moreover, as part of

606

its assets and liability management and structural interest rate risk
management policy, the Group also holds a portfolio of assets
including sovereign debt instruments, with interest‑rate
characteristics that contribute to its hedging strategies. In addition,
the Group is a primary dealer in sovereign debt securities in a
number of countries, which leads it to take temporary long and short
trading positions, some of which are hedged by derivatives.
Sovereign exposures held by the Group are presented in the table
hereafter in accordance with the method defined by the EBA for the
2014 stress tests covering a scope which includes sovereigns as well
as local and regional authorities.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 1: Sovereign exposures

5

➤ BANKING AND TRADING BOOKS SOVEREIGN EXPOSURES BY GEOGRAPHICAL BREAKDOWN
31 December 2024
Banking book(1)

Exposures
In millions of euros

of which financial
of which financial of which financial instruments at fair
assets at amortised instruments at fair value through profit
Total
cost value through equity
or loss

Trading book
Financial
instruments at fair
value through profit
or loss held for
trading (excl.
derivatives)

Derivatives(2)
Direct exposures(3) Indirect exposures(4)

Eurozone
Austria

1,153

379

774

Belgium

14,064

11,295

2,769

France

15,168

13,206

1,958

Germany

6,236

3,946

2,290

4

548

79

(2)

(518)

(5)

(76)

5,026

(78)

Ireland

1,018

957

61

(41)

Italy

15,124

12,273

2,851

(25)

(1)
2,629

(62)

Portugal

2,418

2,418

Spain

8,843

7,653

1,190

(102)

Other Eurozone countries

1,877

1,340

537

(129)

516

3

65,901

53,467

12,430

4

4,698

3,141

(131)

6,258

5,115

1,143

(3)

(515)

540

500

39

1

402

(20)

(1)

TOTAL OTHER EEA COUNTRIES

6,798

5,615

1,182

1

400

(534)

-

TOTAL EEA

72,699

59,082

13,612

5

5,097

2,606

(132)

Canada

5,009

3,056

1,953

325

1,838

Japan

166

42

124

9,988

(8,910)

Türkiye

3,304

2,326

978

219

(40)

United Kingdom

4,931

1,826

3,104

(255)

9

United States

27,200

12,192

15,009

16,502

1,063

Other

16,282

8,384

7,898

19,144

1,613

(508)

129,591

86,908

42,678

51,019

(1,790)

3,119

TOTAL EUROZONE

(61)
6

Other European Economic Area
countries
Poland
Other EEA countries

TOTAL

5

5

(217)

4,005

(1) Book value after revaluation and before any impairment provision.
(2) Market value.
(3) Sovereign counterparty risk: direct exposure to a sovereign counterparty. This excludes exposure to a non‑sovereign counterparty fully or partly covered by a
sovereign counterparty.
(4) Positions held with a non‑sovereign counterparty, exposing BNP Paribas to a credit risk on a sovereign third party. For example, sale of a CDS to a non‑sovereign third
party as a hedge against a sovereign’s default. This excludes exposures to non‑sovereign counterparties fully or partly covered by a sovereign government.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

607

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 1: Sovereign exposures

31 December 2023
Banking book(1)

Exposures
In millions of euros

of which financial
of which financial of which financial instruments at fair
assets at amortised instruments at fair value through profit
Total
cost value through equity
or loss

Trading book
Financial
instruments at fair
value through profit
or loss held for
trading (excl.
derivatives)

Derivatives(2)
Direct exposures(3) Indirect exposures(4)

Eurozone

Belgium

11,073

8,206

2,867

France

12,776

11,105

1,622

Germany

5,067

3,592

Ireland

1,061

1,061

Italy

12,353

9,608

Portugal

3,153

3,153

Spain

9,194

8,919

Other Eurozone countries
TOTAL EUROZONE

(50)

2

(21)

(1,713)

9

(79)

1,475

8,754

(174)

(8)

182

1

2,745

(347)

2,482

(35)

(347)

5

(1)

49

275

1,842

1,088

754

56,519

46,732

9,738

6,229

4,640

1,589

(93)

49

4

209

513

10

6,595

2,838

(130)

(105)

(431)

Other European Economic Area
countries

Poland
Other EEA countries

698

650

47

1

(612)

(57)

TOTAL OTHER EEA COUNTRIES

6,927

5,290

1,636

1

(717)

(488)

-

TOTAL EEA

50

63,446

52,022

11,374

5,878

2,350

(130)

United States

18,446

10,737

7,709

20,858

233

(64)

Canada

4,189

2,387

1,802

1,860

1,755

Japan

107

38

69

United Kingdom

3,609

1,722

1,887

(879)

70

Türkiye

2,050

1,806

244

444

(46)

United Kingdom

3,609

1,722

1,887

(879)

70

United States

18,446

10,737

7,709

20,858

Other
TOTAL

13,244

8,074

5,170

105,091

76,786

28,255

50

233

(64)

29,652

4,208

(731)

57,813

8,546

(901)

(1) Book value after revaluation and before any impairment provision.
(2) Market value.
(3) Sovereign counterparty risk: direct exposure to a sovereign counterparty. This excludes exposure to a non‑sovereign counterparty fully or partly covered by a
sovereign counterparty.
(4) Positions held with a non‑sovereign counterparty, exposing BNP Paribas to a credit risk on a sovereign third party. For example, sale of a CDS to a non‑sovereign third
party as a hedge against a sovereign’s default. This excludes exposures to non‑sovereign counterparties fully or partly covered by a sovereign government.

608

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 2: Regulatory capital – Detail

5

Appendix 2: Regulatory capital – Detail
➤ REGULATORY CAPITAL – DETAIL (EU CC1)
a

a

31 December 2024

In millions of euros

b

31 December 2023 Reference to table 8

Notes

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital: instruments and reserves
1

Capital instruments and the related share premium accounts
of which: Instrument type 1

20,202

21,253

20,202

21,253

2

Retained earnings

87,453

82,257

3

Accumulated other comprehensive income (and other reserves)

(2,277)

(2,809)

3a

Funds for general banking risk

4

Amount of qualifying items referred to in article 484 (3) and the related share
premium accounts subject to phase out from CET1

5

Minority interests (amount allowed in consolidated CET1)

2,448

2,048

5a

Independently reviewed interim profits net of any foreseeable charge or dividend

6

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital before regulatory adjustments

4,406

3,970

112,231

106,719

(1)

6

(2)

6

(3)

8
7

(4) et (5)

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital: regulatory adjustments
7

Additional value adjustments (negative amount)

(1,941)

(1,817)

8

Intangible assets (net of related tax liability) (negative amount)

(7,649)

(8,055)

10

Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from
temporary differences (net of related tax liability where the conditions in
article 38 (3) are met) (negative amount)

(181)

(311)

11

Fair value reserves related to gains or losses on cash flow hedges of financial
instruments that are not valued at fair value

(112)

(293)

12

Negative amounts resulting from the calculation of expected loss amounts

(1,397)

(599)

13

Any increase in equity that results from securitised assets (negative amount)

14

Gains or losses on liabilities valued at fair value resulting from changes in own
credit standing

288

(146)

15

Defined‑benefit pension fund assets (negative amount)

(517)

(397)

16

Direct and indirect holdings by an institution of own CET1 instruments (negative
amount)

(135)

(128)

17

Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings of the CET 1 instruments of financial sector
entities where those entities have reciprocal cross holdings with the institution
designed to inflate artificially the own funds of the institution (negative amount)

18

Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings by the institution of the CET1 instruments
of financial sector entities where the institution does not have a significant
investment in those entities (amount above 10% threshold and net of eligible
short positions) (negative amount)

19

Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings by the institution of the CET1 instruments
of financial sector entities where the institution has a significant investment in
those entities (amount above 10% threshold and net of eligible short positions)
(negative amount)

3

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

(6)

5

(6)

609

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 2: Regulatory capital – Detail

a
In millions of euros

Exposure amount of the following items which qualify for a RW of 1,250%, where
20a the institution opts for the deduction alternative
20b

of which: qualifying holdings outside the financial sector (negative amount)

20c

of which: securitisation positions (negative amount)

20d

of which: free deliveries (negative amount)

21

Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10%
threshold, net of related tax liability where the conditions in article 38 (3)
are met) (negative amount)

22

Amount exceeding the 17.65% threshold (negative amount)

23

of which: direct, indirect and synthetic holdings by the institution of the CET1
instruments of financial sector entities where the institution has a significant
investment in those entities

25

of which: deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences

a

31 December 2024

b

31 December 2023 Reference to table 8

(437)

(284)

(437)

(284)

Notes

25a Losses for the current financial year (negative amount)
Foreseeable tax charges relating to CET1 items except where the institution
suitably adjusts the amount of CET1 items insofar as such tax charges reduce the
amount up to which those items may be used to cover risks or losses (negative
25b amount)
26

Empty set in the EU

27

Qualifying AT1 deductions that exceed the AT1 items of the institution (negative
amount)

27a Other regulatory adjustments

(2,021)

(1,832)

28

Total regulatory adjustments to Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1)

(14,103)

(13,862)

29

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital

98,128

92,857
(7)

Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital: instruments
30
31
32

33

Capital instruments and the related share premium accounts

15,872

14,901

of which: classified as equity under applicable accounting standards

12,021

13,549

4

of which: classified as liabilities under applicable accounting standards

3,851

1,352

4

Amount of qualifying items referred to in article 484 (4) and the related share
premium accounts subject to phase out from AT1 as described in article 486(3) of
CRR

4

(8)

Amount of qualifying items referred to in article 494a subject to phase out from
33a AT1
Amount of qualifying items referred to in article 494b subject to phase out from
33b AT1
34
35
36

610

Qualifying Tier 1 capital included in consolidated AT1 capital (including minority
interests not included in row 5) issued by subsidiaries and held by third parties

(9)

252

249

16,124

15,150

of which: instruments issued by subsidiaries subject to phase out
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital before regulatory adjustments

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 2: Regulatory capital – Detail

a

a

31 December 2024

In millions of euros

5

b

31 December 2023 Reference to table 8

Notes

Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital: regulatory adjustments
37

Direct and indirect holdings by an institution of own AT1 instruments (negative
amount)

38

Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings of the AT1 instruments of financial sector
entities where those entities have reciprocal cross holdings with the institution
designed to inflate artificially the own funds of the institution (negative amount)

39

Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings of the AT1 instruments of financial sector
entities where the institution does not have a significant investment in those
entities (amount above 10% threshold and net of eligible short positions)
(negative amount)

40

Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings by the institution of the AT1 instruments of
financial sector entities where the institution has a significant investment in those
entities (net of eligible short positions) (negative amount)

42

Qualifying T2 deductions that exceed the T2 items of the institution (negative
amount)

(34)

(56)

(450)

(450)

(484)

(506)

42a Other regulatory adjustments to AT1 capital
43

Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital

44

Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital

15,640

14,644

45

Tier 1 capital (T1 = CET1 + AT1)

113,768

107,501
(7)

Tier 2 (T2) capital: instruments and provisions
46

Capital instruments and the related share premium accounts

19,188

47

Amount of qualifying items referred to in article 484 (5) and the related share
premium accounts subject to phase out from T2 as described in article 486 (4)
CRR

15,002

Amount of qualifying items referred to in article 494a (2) subject to phase out
47a from T2
Amount of qualifying items referred to in article 494b (2) subject to phase out
47b from T2

48
49

Qualifying own funds instruments included in consolidated T2 capital (including
minority interests and AT1 instruments not included in rows 5 or 34) issued by
subsidiaries and held by third parties

(10)

5

1,246

2,284

248

190

20,683

17,476

(85)

(101)

(3,785)

(3,132)

5

5

(10)

5

(9) and (10)

of which: instruments issued by subsidiaries subject to phase out

50

Credit risk adjustments

51

Tier 2 (T2) capital before regulatory adjustments

Tier 2 (T2) capital: regulatory adjustments
52

Direct and indirect holdings by an institution of own T2 instruments
and subordinated loans (negative amount)

53

Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings of the T2 instruments and subordinated
loans of financial sector entities where those entities have reciprocal cross
holdings with the institution designed to inflate artificially the own funds of the
institution (negative amount)

54

Direct and indirect holdings of the T2 instruments and subordinated loans of
financial sector entities where the institution does not have a significant
investment in those entities (amount above 10% threshold and net of eligible
short positions) (negative amount)

55

Direct and indirect holdings by the institution of the T2 instruments and
subordinated loans of financial sector entities where the institution has a
significant investment in those entities (net of eligible short positions) (negative
amount)

1

(11)

Qualifying eligible liabilities deductions that exceed the eligible liabilities items of
56a the institution (negative amount)
56b Other regulatory adjustments to T2 capital
57

Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 (T2) capital

(3,870)

(3,233)

58

Tier 2 (T2) capital

16,813

14,243

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

611

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 2: Regulatory capital – Detail

a
In millions of euros

a

31 December 2024

b

31 December 2023 Reference to table 8

59

Total capital (TC = T1 + T2)

130,581

121,744

60

Total risk‑weighted assets

762,247

703,694

Notes

Capital ratios and buffers
61

Common Equity Tier 1 (as a percentage of total risk exposure amount)

12.87%

13,20 %

62

Tier 1 (as a percentage of total risk exposure amount)

14.93%

15,28 %

63

Total capital (as a percentage of total risk exposure amount)

17.13%

17,30 %

64

Institution CET1 overall capital requirement (CET1 requirement in accordance
with article 92 (1) CRR, plus additional CET1 requirement which the institution is
required to hold in accordance with point (a) of article 104(1) CRD, plus combined
buffer requirement in accordance with article 128(6) CRD) expressed as a
percentage of risk exposure amount

10.33%

9,79 %

65

of which: capital conservation buffer requirement

2.50%

2,50 %

66

of which: countercyclical buffer requirement

0.67%

0,40 %

67

of which: systemic risk buffer requirement

0.04%

0,00 %

67a

of which: Global Systemically Important Institution (G‑SII) or Other
Systemically Important Institution (O‑SII) buffer

1.50%

1,50 %

67b

of which: Pillar 2 Requirements – additional CET1 SREP requirements

1.11%

0,88 %

7.26%

7,73 %

72

Direct and indirect holdings of own funds and eligible liabilities of financial sector
entities where the institution does not have a significant investment in those
entities (amount below 10% threshold and net of eligible short positions)

7,090

4 835

2

73

Direct and indirect holdings by the institution of the CET1 instruments of financial
sector entities where the institution has a significant investment in those entities
(amount below 17.65% thresholds and net of eligible short positions)

5,746

4 910

1

75

Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount below
17.65% threshold, net of related tax liability where the conditions in article 38 (3)
are met)

2,552

2 805

3,141

2 633

2,071

1 995

Common Equity Tier 1 available to meet buffer (as a percentage of risk
68 exposure amount)
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (before risk weighting)

Applicable caps on the inclusion of provisions in Tier

612

76

Credit risk adjustments included in T2 in respect of exposures subject
to standardised approach (prior to the application of the cap)

77

Cap on inclusion of credit risk adjustments in T2 under standardised approach

78

Credit risk adjustments included in T2 in respect of exposures subject to internal
ratings‑based approach (prior to the application of the cap)

79

Cap for inclusion of credit risk adjustments in T2 under internal ratings‑based
approach

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

(11)

(11)

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 2: Regulatory capital – Detail

a

31 December 2024

In millions of euros

a

5

b

31 December 2023 Reference to table 8

Notes

Capital instruments subject to phase out arrangements (only applicable between 1 Jan
2013 and 1 Jan 2022)
80

Current cap on CET1 instruments subject to phase out arrangements

81

Amount excluded from CET1 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions and
maturities)

82

Current cap on AT1 instruments subject to phase out arrangements

83

Amount excluded from AT1 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions
and maturities)

84

Current cap on T2 instruments subject to phase out arrangements

85

Amount excluded from T2 due to cap (excess over cap after redemptions
and maturities)

(1) As at 31 December 2024, eligible income was reduced by the proposed dividend distribution, including the share buyback for -EUR 1,084 million.
(2) Taking into account as at 31 December 2023, an anticipated distribution of 60% (of which -EUR 1.055 billion in the form of share buybacks) in respect of distributable
income after taking into account the compensation cost of undated super subordinated notes.
(3) Minority interests are adjusted for their capitalisation surplus for regulated entities. For the other entities, minority interests are not recognised in full Basel 3.
(4) Taking into account as at 31 December 2024 a 60% proposed distribution of result subject to usual conditions.
(5) Eligible profit of the period is mainly reduced by related project of result distribution.
(6) The deduction of intangible assets and pension plans is calculated net of related deferred tax liabilities.
(7) In accordance with the eligible rules for grandfather debt in additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital applicable.
(8) Own funds instruments that will be progressively be excluded (Grandfathered instruments), included instruments issued by subsidiaries.
(9) This amount includes grandfathered debts issued under the law of third countries to the European Union without a bail‑in clause under Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876.
(10) A prudential discount is applied to Tier 2 capital instruments with less than five years of residual maturity.
(11) Holdings of equity instruments in financial institutions are recorded in the banking book, as detailed in the consolidated accounting balance sheet to the prudential
balance sheet reconciliation, as well as in the trading book.

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

613

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 3: Countercyclical capital buffer and G‑SIB buffer

Appendix 3: Countercyclical capital buffer
and G‑SIB buffer
COUNTERCYCLICAL CAPITAL BUFFER
The calculation and the amount of the BNP Paribas countercyclical capital buffer are given in the tables below in accordance with the
instructions of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2015/1555 of 28 May 2015.

➤ INSTITUTION‑SPECIFIC COUNTERCYCLICAL CAPITAL BUFFER (EU CCYB2)
a
In millions of euros

31 December 2023

762,247

703,694

010

Total risk‑weighted assets

020

BNP Paribas countercyclical capital buffer rate

0.67%

0.40%

030

Countercyclical capital buffer requirement

5,136

2,813

At 31 December 2024, the BNP Paribas countercyclical capital buffer
rate was 0.67% against 0.40% at 31 December 2023.
The countercyclical capital buffer is calculated as the weighted
average of the countercyclical buffer rates that apply in the
countries where the relevant credit exposures of the Group are
located. The weight applied to the countercyclical buffer rate in each
country is the share of own funds requirements in total own funds
requirements relating to relevant credit exposures in the territory in
question.

614

31 December 2024

At 31 December 2024, BNP Paribas’ countercyclical capital buffer
rate of 0.67% was mainly due to the rates applicable in France
(1.0%), the United Kingdom (2.0%) and Belgium (1.0%). This rate is
expected to be around 0.72% at 31 December 2025 due to the
activation or increase in requirements announced by certain
European countries (see table below).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 3: Countercyclical capital buffer and G‑SIB buffer

5

➤ GEOGRAPHICAL DISTRIBUTION OF CREDIT EXPOSURES RELEVANT FOR THE CALCULATION OF THE
COUNTERCYCLICAL CAPITAL BUFFER (CCYB1)
a

b

c

d

e

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

31 December
2024
Relevant credit
exposures – Market risk

General credit exposures

In millions of euros

Exposure
value under
the
standardised
approach

Exposure
Exposure value under
value under
the
the IRB standardised
approach
approach

Exposure
value under
the IRB
approach

Securitisation
exposures
Exposure
value for
non‑trading
book

31
December
2025

Own fund requirements

Of which
credit risk
exposure

Of which
Of which
market risk securitisation
exposure
positions

Total

Own fund
Riskweighted requirements
weights
exposure
amounts
(%)

Counter- Countercyclical
cyclical buffer rate
buffer
(%)
rate announced(2)
(%)

Breakdown
010 by country
Europe(1)
of which Germany

275,590

669,913

77,954

37,803

1,026

40,412

505,152

79%

35,076

24,728

4,008

2,575

1,583

45

2,620

32,755

5%
0%

1,50%

1,50%

2,887

4,349

34

4,383

54,792

9%

1,00%

1,00%
2,00%

0,75%

0,75%

of which Armenia

-

1

of which Belgium

29,296

136,886

of which Bulgaria

10

117

5

5

63

0%

2,00%

of which Cyprus

21

320

18

18

225

0%

1,00%

1,00%

of which Croatia

5

72

3

3

35

0%

1,50%

1,50%

of which Denmark

798

6,015

of which Spanish

19,796

9,909

of which Estonia

2

80

of which France

59,392

270,261

45,107

13,709

of which Greece

325

222

2

28

of which Hungary

225

1,387

49

of which Ireland

736

8,733

of which Iceland

1

18

of which Latvia

1

2

of which
Lithuania

9

11

1

4,139

36,375

of which
Luxembourg
of which Norway

197
617

197

2,462

0%

2,50%

2,50%

1,479

18,489

3%

0,00%

0,50%

5

59

0%

1,50%

1,50%

15,910

198,872

31%

1,00%

1,00%

28

354

0%

0,00%

0,25%

49

610

0%

0,50%

1,00%

489

6,116

1%

1,50%

1,50%

3

0%

2,50%

2,50%

2

0%

0,50%

1,00%

1

14

0%

1,00%

1,00%

1,793

1,793

22,408

4%

0,50%

0,50%

107

107

1,342

0%

2,50%

2,50%

1,471

8

5

323

484

557

2,205

of which
Netherlands

7,879

22,241

1,563

1,105

of which Poland

26,937

702

435

1,662

of which Czech
Republic

942

449

of which Romania

1,055

176

of which United
Kingdom

26,417

47,563

of which Slovakia

331

247

13,982

1,559

642

5

23

1,128

14,096

2%

2,00%

2,00%

4

1,690

21,127

3%

0,00%

1,00%

73

73

914

0%

1,25%

1,25%

66

66

827

0%

1,00%

1,00%

3,140

39,247

6%

2,00%

2,00%

31

388

0%

1,50%

1,50%

1

9

0%

0,50%

1,00%

206

2,570

0%

2,00%

2,00%

1,00%

1,00%

24

2,964

176

31

of which Slovenia

8

14

of which Sweden

1,620

3,850

946

North America

1,477

112,299

40,131

3,921

571

4,539

56,742

9%

Asia Pacific

13,139

49,756

2,242

3,139

29

3,168

39,600

6%

188

7,821

120

206

1

208

2,597

0%

1,714

105

22

of which Australia
of which South
Korea
of which Hong Kong
Rest of the World
of which Chile
020 TOTAL

127

3,548

2,025

8,766

24,485

32,091

1
197

9
48

348
295

2,951

163

2,232

52

108

314,692

864,059

120,623

47,814

127

1,582

0%

1,00%

1,00%

348

4,347

1%

0,50%

0,50%

2,979

37,236

6%

8

20
3

112

1,397

0%

0,50%

0,50%

1,639

1,645

51,098

638,730

100%

0,67%

0,72%

5

(1) Within the European Union, the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) and the United Kingdom.
(2) According to the rates published on the ESRB website as at 6 July 2023.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

615

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 3: Countercyclical capital buffer and G‑SIB buffer

G‑SIB BUFFER
The measurement approach of the global systemic importance is
indicator‑based. The selected indicators reflect the size of banks,
their interconnectedness, the use of banking information systems for
the services they provide, their global cross‑jurisdictional activity
and their complexity. The methodology is described in a document
published in July 2013 by the Basel Committee, entitled Global
systemically important banks: updated assessment methodology
and the higher loss absorbency requirement (BCBS 255).
The Group received notification from the Autorité de contrôle
prudentiel et de résolution (ACPR), dated 27 November 2024, that it

was on the 2024 list of global systemically important financial
institutions in sub‑category 2, corresponding to its score in the
database at end 2023.
As a result, the G‑SIB buffer requirement for the Group, applicable
from 1 January 2025 remains unchanged at 1.5% of the total risk
exposure amount.
The Group’s G‑SIB indicators at 31 December 2024 will be published
in April 2025 and included in the first update to the Universal
registration document.

➤ SYSTEMIC RISK BUFFER (G‑SIB)
In millions of euros

31 December 2023

Cross‑jurisdictional activity
1

Cross‑jurisdictional claims

1,348,201

2

Cross‑jurisdictional liabilities

1,208,729

Total exposures

2,608,724

Size
3

Interconnectedness
4

Intra‑financial system assets

359,736

5

Intra‑financial system liabilities

271,664

6

Securities outstanding

377,326

Substitutability
7

Assets under custody

6,482,818

Trading volume fixed income

1,636,803

Trading volume equities and other securities

3,127,562

Financial institution infrastructure
8

Payment activity

54,455,027

Underwritten transactions in debt and equity markets
9

Underwritten transactions in a debt and equity markets

214,706

Complexity

616

10

Notional amount of over‑the‑counter (OTC) derivatives

11

Level 3 assets

30,584

12

Trading and available for sale (AFS) securities

88,054

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

29,857,825

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 4: Capital requirements of significant subsidiaries

5

Appendix 4: Capital requirements of significant
subsidiaries
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS GROUP

In millions of euros

RWAs

Capital requirements

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

31 December 2024

1

Credit risk

168,278

137,700

13,462

2

Of which standardised approach

102,440

62,680

8,195

EU 4a

Of which equities under the simple weighting approach

5,357

15,664

429

5

Of which advanced IRB (A‑IRB) approach

60,481

59,356

4,838

6

Counterparty credit risk

2,268

1,296

181

7

Of which SACCR (derivatives)

682

634

55

8

Of which internal model method (IMM)

740

330

59

EU 8a

Of which exposures to CCP related to clearing activities

741

297

59

EU 8b

Of which CVA

102

33

8

9

Of which other

3

2

16

Securitisation exposures in the banking book

851

1,026

68

17

Of which internal ratings‑based approach (SEC‑IRBA)

410

621

33

18

Of which external ratings‑based approach (SEC‑ERBA)

408

394

33

19

Of which standardised approach (SEC‑SA)

33

11

3

20

Market risk

1,607

1,061

129

21

Of which standardised approach

1,607

1,061

129

23

Operational risk

16,922

11,971

1,354

EU 23a

Of which basic indicator approach

6,707

2,212

537

EU 23b

Of which standardised approach

3,565

3,108

285

EU 23c

Of which advanced measurement approach (AMA)

6,650

6,651

532

24

Amounts below the thresholds for deduction
(subject to 250% risk weight)

3,544

3,616

284

29

TOTAL

193,470

156,669

15,478

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

617

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 4: Capital requirements of significant subsidiaries

BNL GROUP

In millions of euros

618

RWAs

Capital requirements

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

31 December 2024

1

Credit risk

37,877

36 081

3,030

2

Of which standardised approach

7,967

7 288

637

EU 4a

Of which equities under the simple weighting approach

1,035

1 128

83

5

Of which advanced IRB (A‑IRB) approach

28,874

27 664

2,310

6

Counterparty credit risk

300

471

24

7

Of which SACCR (Derivatives)

281

440

22

8

Of which internal model method (IMM)

EU 8a

Of which exposures to CCP related to clearing activities

EU 8b

Of which CVA

19

32

2

9

Of which other

16

Securitisation exposures in the banking book

403

396

32

17

Of which internal ratings‑based approach (SEC‑IRBA)

361

322

29

18

Of which external ratings‑based approach (SEC‑ERBA)

19

Of which standardised approach (SEC‑SA)

42

75

3

20

Market risk

2

7

-

21

Of which standardised approach

2

7

23

Operational risk

3,468

3 366

277

EU 23a

Of which basic indicator approach

70

61

6

EU 23b

Of which standardised approach

91

95

7

EU 23c

Of which advanced measurement approach (AMA)

3,308

3 209

265

24

Amounts below the thresholds for deduction
(subject to 250% risk weight)

78

80

6

29

TOTAL

42,130

40 402

3,370

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 4: Capital requirements of significant subsidiaries

5

BNP PARIBAS PERSONAL FINANCE GROUP

In millions of euros

RWAs

Capital requirements

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

31 December 2024

1

Credit risk

57,696

59 136

4,616

2

Of which standardised approach

50,611

52 140

4,049

EU 4a

Of which equities positions under the simple weighting approach

50

33

4

5

Of which advanced IRB (A‑IRB) approach

7,035

6 963

563

6

Counterparty credit risk

67

174

5

7

Of which SACCR (Derivatives)

15

96

1

8

Of which internal model method (IMM)

EU 8a

Of which exposures to CCP related to clearing activities

EU 8b

Of which CVA

51

77

4

9

Of which other

16

Securitisation exposures in the banking book

331

216

26

17

Of which internal ratings‑based approach (SEC‑IRBA)

31

45

2

18

Of which external ratings‑based approach (SEC‑ERBA)

123

171

10

19

Of which standardised approach (SEC‑SA)

177

20

Market risk

80

78

6

21

Of which standardised approach

80

78

6

23

Operational risk

5,357

5 963

429

EU 23a

Of which basic indicator approach

220

390

18

EU 23b

Of which standardised approach

1,454

1 496

116

EU 23c

Of which advanced measurement approach (AMA)

3,683

4 077

295

24

Amounts below the thresholds for deduction
(subject to 250% risk weight)

1,941

2 032

155

29

TOTAL

65,472

67 598

5,238

14

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

619

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 4: Capital requirements of significant subsidiaries

BGL BNP PARIBAS GROUP

In millions of euros

620

RWAs

Capital requirements

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

31 December 2024

1

Credit risk

25,813

24 625

2,065

2

Of which standardised approach

18,619

17 744

1,490

EU 4a

Of which equities under the simple weighting approach

687

618

55

5

Of which advanced IRB approach

6,506

6 263

521

6

Counterparty credit risk

17

21

1

7

Of which SACCR (Derivatives)

14

15

1

8

Of which internal model method (IMM)

EU 8a

Of which exposures to CCP related to clearing activities
2

3

EU 8b

Of which CVA

9

Of which other

16

Securitisation exposures in the banking book

17

Of which internal ratings‑based approach (SEC‑IRBA)

18

Of which external ratings‑based approach (SEC‑ERBA)

19

Of which standardised approach

20

2
7

15

1

7

15

1

Market risk

8

30

1

21

Of which standardised approach

8

30

1

23

Operational risk

1,568

1 564

125

EU 23a

Of which basic indicator approach

301

273

24

EU 23b

Of which standardised approach

229

227

18

EU 23c

Of which advanced measurement approach (AMA)

1,038

1 064

83

24

Amounts below the thresholds for deduction
(subject to 250% risk weight)

355

205

28

29

TOTAL

27,766

26 459

2,221

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 5: Environmental, social and governance risk

5

Appendix 5: Environmental, social
and governance risk
ESG ASSESSMENT (ESG‑A)
For corporate and financial institutional clients, BNP Paribas has
developed the ESG Assessment. It is a tool which provides a more
systematic and comprehensive review of ESG topics through the
credit chain: from on‑boarding to credit granting, monitoring and
reporting.
In particular, the ESG Assessment enables the Group to:
■ verify client compliance with BNP Paribas sector policies;
■ assess how prepared the Group’s corporate clients are to

manage ESG challenges;
■ ensure that their strategies and commitments address key ESG

risks specific to their sector;
■ assess the maturity of their ESG strategy and their ability to

monitor the key stakes of their industry, and to publish
indicators;
■ confirm if action plans have been implemented;

■ analyse the materiality of the Group’s corporate clients' ESG

controversies and their potential impact on the client.
This analysis aims to identify companies for which weak ESG
performance and risk management could generate credit,
investment or reputation risks, as well as negative environmental
and social impacts.
Initially launched on the large corporate segment, the ESG
assessment framework was enlarged in 2024 to relevant
medium‑sized corporate customers (companies with sales of over
EUR 50 million, selected on risk‑based criteria) and to financial
institutions thanks to adapted questionnaires.
The ESG Assessment tool for corporate covers five ESG dimensions
including climate and environment.
Answers to preliminary questions trigger specific questions

5

Climate (E)
Environment (E)
Pollution & Biodiversity

Preliminary
questions to
determine
the activity
of the client

Human rights - Workforce
Social (S)
Human rights - Local communities and consumers

Governance (G)

Governance & Business Ethics

This ESG Assessment includes assessment indicators on the way
ESG‑related issues are tackled by the Group’s clients. This set of
questions cover, for example, the following aspects:
■ Environment:
■

■
■

existence of GHG emission reduction targets set with a clear
deadline,

■

extent of physical risk exposure and actions to mitigate it,

■

the way biodiversity matters are addressed by the company;

■ Social:
■
■

use of sectorial standard metric to measure GHG intensity,
existence of a Net‑Zero emission target or carbon neutrality
target,

■

existence of a health & safety management system,
ability to provide performance indicators with regards to
health & safety aspects to workers relying on frequency and/
or severity rates,
commitment to disclose or provide health & safety indicators
for workers and subcontractors;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

621

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 5: Environmental, social and governance risk

■ Governance:
■

■
■

■

existence of a Code of conduct in place to address ethical
considerations,

level. Depending on the outcome, it could potentially lead to (1)
start or continue the relationship; (2) monitor and regularly
follow up on the client; (3) adjust exposure or exit the
relationship;

deployment of a whistleblowing system,
relevant employees’ compensation (such as top management
variable compensation) linked to ESG performance,
transparency: check if company’s extra‑financial information
(i.e. indicators or policies) are audited by an external third
party.

The ESG assessment provides a global overview of the ESG profile of
the client, which is completed by the controversies analysis for a full
evaluation. The qualitative conclusions of the ESG Assessment
(including controversies analysis) are provided by the Relationship
Manager and Group CSR if applicable and challenged by RISK as the
control function, to allow a well‑balanced evaluation of the
performance and risk. The ESG Assessment helps decision‑making
through the usual credit processes, in strengthening and
documenting ESG due diligence at counterparty, transaction and
collateral levels.

622

The results of the ESG Assessment are used both:
■ to steer the credit decision at the counterparty and transaction

■ to manage/monitor ESG risks thanks to ESG dashboards

provided to various governance bodies including at the top
management level.
The global framework surrounding the credit process has also been
enhanced, in particular through the update of the various credit
policies, encompassing dedicated and adapted ESG sections and
leveraging the ESG Assessment outcomes.
Credit risk is expected to be one of the risks most impacted by ESG.
However, the Group also adapts its risk framework to embed ESG
and climate‑risk factors in other risk processes to capture potential
impacts of these drivers, as the case may be.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 5: Environmental, social and governance risk

5

RISK IDENTIFICATION & ASSESSMENT PROCESS (“RISK ID”)
The risk identification and assessment process (Risk ID) is part of the
Group risk management framework. Risk ID is a fully integrated
process, involving business lines, the RISK Function and the other
control functions throughout the Group. It serves to maintain
up‑to‑date the risk inventories, both at local and Group levels. It
aims to identify and assess all risks in a forward‑looking way, thus
fostering anticipation in the Group risk management practices.

There must be at least 1 and up to 5 risk factors for a given risk
event. Additionally:
■

■

BNP Paribas’ Risk ID process covers:
■ all sets of activities and exposures, on and off‑balance sheet, as

well as new products and activities;

■

■ all risk types and all risk factors;
■ all geographies and legal entities.

The process requires that all business lines keep up to date their
Risk Inventory (that contributes to the Group Risk Inventory).
The Group risk inventory – like all the underlying local risk
inventories – is made of an ensemble of elementary severe but
plausible scenarios (“risk events”) corresponding to the way the risk
types BNP Paribas is exposed to could materialise.

RISK ID APPROACH
All risk events are identified and assessed along three main
elements:
■ the risk event shall be described. Every risk event shall be

assigned to a single risk type of BNP Paribas’ risk type
taxonomy (the risk event can however be characterised as
correlated to other risk types). This risk type taxonomy is
common across the Group. It is not static and evolves in line
with methodological developments, internal demands,
emergence of new risk types or regulatory requirements. The
risk events represent the elementary items that form the Risk
Inventory;
■ the risk factors (causes and drivers) that underlie the risk event

in the sense that they can favour and/or trigger and/or
aggravate the risk event must be identified. Because in Risk ID,
ESG risks are considered as risk factors, the BNP Paribas risk
factors taxonomy used as a reference in the Risk ID approach
encompasses a comprehensive set of risk factors covering
environmental, social and governance risk topics. This risk
factor taxonomy is common across the Group. It is not static
and evolves in line with methodological developments, internal
demands, emergence of new factors or causes.

for each risk factor, the information regarding the way it affects
the risk event has to be qualified (“favours”, “triggers”,
“aggravates”, multiple values can be selected),
when there are several risk factors for a given risk event, a
weight (in percentage) must be allocated to each of the risk
factors (total of the percentages allocated to the factors must
equal 100%),
when an ESG risk factor is selected, it is necessary to choose,
from among the transmission channel(s) proposed, those that
correspond to the way the ESG factor concurs to the
materialisation of the risk event. There can be up to 3
transmission channels per ESG risk factor. For this purpose, for
the first time in 2023, BNP Paribas developed an ESG
Transmission Channel taxonomy, organised in a 2‑level
arborescence;

■ the materiality assessment of the risk event. Materiality

assessment aims to determine the approximate materiality of a
risk event, i.e. its relative importance. It is rather an expert
judgement‑based approach and shall be based, whenever
possible and relevant, on existing risk management practices
(e.g. stress test results). It shall be performed on a gross basis,
i.e. not taking into account specific mitigation technics. Finally,
the materiality assessment is essentially estimated by the
combination of the severity, frequency and imminence of the
risk event:
■

■

■

5

the possible severity based on a scale in euros to assess the
annual impact of the risk event on the P&L, on the OCI/
permanent equity, or on the liquidity outflows and default of
inflows (for liquidity and funding risk events), or eventually
on a qualitative scale (for risk events that are very difficult to
assess using euro scales),
the intrinsic frequency (i.e. its recurrence time) which
corresponds to the number of years between two risk events
of the same magnitude,
the imminence that qualifies the probability that it occurs in
the coming three years.

Hence, the Group risk inventory encompasses both frequent,
probable risk events and unusual, long‑term, less probable but more
severe risk events.
The assessment of severity, frequency and imminence performed for
all risk events enables to appreciate the materiality of risk types and
risk factors – including ESG ones.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

623

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 5: Environmental, social and governance risk

In the course of 2024, evolutions have been implemented in Risk ID
methodology and application to reinforce the possibility to
apprehend the materiality of ESG‑related scenarios over various
horizons. Considering that some ESG risk factors are likely to grow in
importance and criticality in the future, the assessments of severity,
intrinsic frequency and imminence of ESG‑related risk events are
now supplemented by two functionalities:

ESG DIMENSIONS IN RISK ID

■ a short‑term forward‑looking trend assessment has been

■ to account for the fact that the direct physical impacts of

In Risk ID, ESG dimensions are captured via risk factors that have
been designed considering, notably, EBA, ECB and CSRD‑ESRS
recommendations or needs.
The risk factor taxonomy encompasses 13 risk factors in the Risk ID
2023 exercise and 20 in the 2024 Risk ID exercise:
adaptation to the physical impacts of climate change
phenomena have to be considered, in 2024, two additional
climate change‑related risk factors were created for both acute
and chronic phenomena linked to climate change;

introduced, to capture the likely evolution of the risk event
materiality over the coming 3 years;
■ an assessment of the relative materiality of the scenario over

the medium‑term (10 years) and long‑term (30 years).
Thanks to those evolutions, the Group is now able to appreciate the
materiality of ESG risk factors over the short, medium and
long‑term.

■ under “Nature”, the two 2023 risk factors have been replaced

DETAILS REGARDING THE MATERIALITY OF
THE RISK EVENTS AND THE RISK FACTORS

■ the 3 social risk factors become 4 in 2024 due to some

clarifications that were made.

Materiality of the risk events

The labels of the ESG risk factors have been adapted to be more
self‑explanatory and their definitions have been adjusted.

Based on individual severity, frequency & imminence assessments, it
is possible to compute the materiality of each risk event. It
corresponds to an indicator resulting from the product of:

Hence, in 2024, the 20 ESG risk factors represent 16% of the number
of drivers in the taxonomy (125), which encompasses the following 6
categories:

■ the severity amount or severity proxy (when a severity bucket is

■ financial markets & commodity prices: 17 risk factors;

used) of the risk event (expressed in euros);
■ the probability (%) of the risk event that stems from the

combination of its frequency and imminence.
Risk event’s materiality indicator = Risk event’s severity (in €M) x
Risk event’s probability (%)
The materiality indicator that reflects the individual materiality of
the risk event, is a form of stressed expected loss. The risk events’
individual materialities can be aggregated along various axes, like
the risk type axis.
Currently, the aggregation of individual materialities consists in
adding them up. However, exploratory work is being carried out to
find alternative – and possibly more relevant – methods of
consolidation/aggregation of materialities.

■ macroeconomic & demographic drivers: 13 risk factors;
■ concentrations: 8 risk factors;
■ business environment: 26 risk factors;
■ environment, social & governance risk factors: 20 risk factors;
■ internal: 41 risk factors.

These ESG risk factors are used in the Risk ID process to appreciate,
in a forward‑looking way, how they could give rise to elementary
scenarios, corresponding to the materialisation of virtually any kind
of financial or non‑financial risks.
As indicated in the ESG risk factor taxonomy presented below:
■ 9 ESG risk factors are totally or partially referring to climate

concerns;

Materiality of the risk factors

■ 8 ESG risk factors are totally or partially referring to

For a given risk event, with the percentages allocated to each risk
factor, it is possible to distribute the risk event’s materiality to each
of the underlying risk factors and obtain their contribution to the
materiality of the risk event.

■ 6 ESG risk factors are totally or partially referring to

Like for the risk events, the individual materiality contributions of the
risk factors can be aggregated along various axes like the risk factor
axis. Doing so, it is possible, for example, to determine the
contribution of a given risk factor to the risk events associated to a
given risk type. It enables the production of various metrics and the
creation of visualisations like Sankey diagrams that display the
materiality relationships that exist between risk factors and risk
types.

624

by a set of six risk factors, coherent with CSRDS‑ESRS
expectations, and aiming at being, as far as possible, mutually
exclusive;

nature‑related concerns;
social‑related concerns;
■ 3 ESG risk factors are totally or partially referring to

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

governance concerns.

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 5: Environmental, social and governance risk

5

The BNP Paribas taxonomy of ESG risk factors is presented in the following table.
Level 1 risk factor

Level 2 risk factor

Level 3 risk factor

Environment, social &
governance risk factors

Nature‑related risk factors

Social risk factors

Governance risk factors

ESG liability consequences

Nature

Social

1

✓

2

Adaptation to acute climate change
phenomena

✓

Physical impacts of chronic climate change
phenomena

✓

4

Adaptation to chronic climate change
phenomena

✓

5

Transition to a low‑carbon economy - Policy
changes

✓

6

Transition to a low‑carbon economy Technological changes

✓

7

Transition to a low‑carbon economy Behavioural changes

✓

8

Impacts on biodiversity & ecosystems

✓

9

Mismanagement of dependencies on natural
resources and ecosystem services

✓

10

Impacts & dependencies on freshwater, marine
& coastal resources, & ecosystems

✓

11

Pollution and hazardous chemicals

✓

12

Failure in waste management & recycling

✓

13

Invasive alien species

✓

14

Violation of local communities‑related human
rights

✓

15

Non‑respect of consumers rights

✓

16

Violation of workforce‑related rights

✓

17

Inadequacy with social sentiments and
expectations

✓

18

Inadequate governance regarding management
of E & S risks

19

Non‑compliance with corporate governance
frameworks or codes

20

ESG related liability consequences

Climate change physical risk
factors
3

Climate change transition
risk factors

Climate

Physical impacts of acute climate change
phenomena

FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS GLOBAL RISKS
LANDSCAPE
To promote and foster anticipation with a view to developing a
forward‑looking mindset within the Group when identifying risks,
BNP Paribas draws a picture of the Financial Institutions risk
environment by annually updating its Financial Institutions Global
Risks Landscape.
This work aims at seizing economic, technological, business,
socio‑political & environmental megatrends, major risks and
significant transitions that represent threats likely to have negative
consequences for financial institutions in the short, medium and
longer term. It also encompasses and attempts to understand the
interdependencies between those threats.
The Financial Institutions Global Risks Landscape is the outcome of
cross analyses of various internal and external supranational, public
and private sources (30 in 2023, 51 in 2024).

✓

✓

✓

Gov.

5
✓
✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

The “criticality” of each of the global risks presented in the
landscape (32 in 2023 and 34 in 2024), is assessed for 3 different
horizons – short‑term horizon (0 - 3 years), medium‑term horizon (3
- 10 years) and long‑term horizon (10 - 30 years) - using a
4‑position qualitative scale. These assessments are based on expert
judgement and reflect the appreciation of the possible impact of a
given risk for the banking sector as a whole rather than for
BNP Paribas Group specifically.
Moreover, for each global risk, the “direction” provides an indicator
of the probable evolution of the risk (increasing, decreasing, stable)
and, whenever appropriate, the global risk is identified as being
emerging.
The table below is extracted from the BNP Paribas 2024 Financial
Institutions Landscape. This document is meant to be used by Risk ID
contributors who have to appreciate the extent to which these global
risks could have direct or indirect negative impacts for the Group.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

625

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 5: Environmental, social and governance risk

Horizons

Criticality

Emerging

ESG dimension

Theme # 1: Technology & digital
Short‑term
#1.1. Dependence on critical technological infrastructure

Medium‑term

High
Very high

Long‑term
Short‑term
#1.2. Cyber threats and cybersecurity failure

Medium‑term

Very high
Very high
Very high

Long‑term
Short‑term
Medium‑term

#1.3. Data protection, governance and strategy

Very high
Very high
High

Long‑term
Short‑term
Medium‑term

#1.4. IT complexity & obsolescence and disruptive technological trends

High
Very high

Long‑term
Short‑term
Medium‑term

#1.5. Risks related to artificial intelligence

Very high

Short‑term
Medium‑term

✓

High
Very high

Long‑term
#1.6. Digital power concentration

✓

High

Very high

✓

✓

High
Very high

Long‑term

Extr. high

Theme # 2: Changes to business environment
Short term
#2.1. Regulation and supervision pressure

Medium Term

High
High

Long term
Short term
#2.2. Digitalisation, digital assets & decentralised finance

Medium Term

High
High
Very high

Long term
Short term
#2.3. Possible evolutions in insurance and reinsurance markets

Medium Term
Short term
Medium Term
Short term
Medium Term

Very high

Short term
Medium Term
Long term
Short term
#2.7. Investor’s financial expectations

Medium Term
Long term

626

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

✓

✓

Extr. high
High
High
High
High
Very high

Long term
#2.6. Customers’ expectations and impact of consumerism

✓

High

Long term
#2.5. Shadow banking & disintermediation

✓

High

Long term
#2.4. Fast‑changing multifaceted competitive environment

✓

Very high
High
High

✓

High
Medium
High
Very high

✓

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 5: Environmental, social and governance risk

Horizons

Criticality

Emerging

5

ESG dimension

Theme # 3: Macroeconomics
Short term
#3.1. Inflationary risks

Medium Term

High
High

Long term
Short term
#3.2. Supply chain disruptions, uneasy access to commodities

Medium Term

High
Very high
Very high

Long term
Short term
#3.3. High interest rate environment

Very high
High

Long term
#3.4. Asset prices volatility

Medium Term

High
High
High

Long term
Short term
#3.5. Real estate market under pressure

Medium Term

High
Very high
High

Long term
Short term
#3.6. Public debt concerns

Medium Term

#3.7.Private debt concerns

Medium Term

High
Very high

#3.8. Economic fragilities in some emerging markets

Medium Term

Very high
Very high

Short term
Medium Term

High

Short term
Medium Term

✓

High
High
High

Long term
#3.10. China

5

Very high
High

Long term
#3.9. Turkey

✓

Very high

Long term
Short term

✓

Very high

Long term
Short term

✓

Very high

Medium Term
Short term

✓

High
High
High

Long term

High

Theme # 4: Political measures and geopolitical developments
Short term
#4.1. Risks linked to political decisions

Medium Term

Very high
Very high

Long term
Short term
#4.2. Geopolitical risks

#4.3. Geoeconomic fragmentation, protectionism, sanctions

High
Extr. high

Medium Term

Very high

Long term

High

Short term
Medium Term
Long term

✓

✓

High
High

✓

High

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

627

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 5: Environmental, social and governance risk

Horizons

Criticality

Emerging

ESG dimension

Theme # 5: Environment & society
Short term
#5.1. Demographic transition

Medium Term

High
High

Long term
Short term
#5.2. Economic impact of environmental degradation, climate change & energy
transition

Medium Term

Very high
High
Very high

Medium Term

#5.3. Demand‑supply gap for natural resources

Medium Term

#5.4. From climate & nature‑related risks to ecosystems collapse

Very high

Medium Term

#5.5. Threats to health and resistance of pathogenic agents

Medium Term

#5.6. Misinformation and disinformation

Very high

#5.7. Widening inequalities, societal polarisation, organised criminality & social
unrest

Medium Term

Short term
Medium Term
Long term

628

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

Medium
High
Extremely
high
High
Very high
Extremely
high
High
Very high

✓

Extremely
high

Long term
#5.8. Employees’ expectations & engagement, recruitment & retention

✓

Extremely
high

Long term
Short term

✓

High

Long term
Short term

✓

Extremely
high

Long term
Short term

✓

High

Long term
Short term

✓

Extremely
high

Long term
Short term

✓

High
High
High

✓

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 6: List of tables and figures

5

Appendix 6: List of tables and figures
Pages
5.1 ANNUAL RISK SURVEY

335

Table 1

Key indicators (EU KM1)

336

Table 2

MREL & TLAC ratio (EU KM2)

337

Figure 1

Risk‑weighted assets by risk type

338

Figure 2

Risk‑weighted assets by business line

338

Figure 3

Credit risk exposure breakdown by geographic region

339

Figure 4

Credit risk exposure breakdown by asset class

339

Table 3

Doubtful loans on gross outstandings ratio

339

Table 4

Stage 3 coverage ratio

339

Table 5

Cost of risk on outstandings

339

Table 6

Immediately available liquidity reserve

339

5.2 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY

360

Table 7

Differences between the accounting and prudential scopes (EU LI3)

361

Table 8

Consolidated balance sheet to prudential balance sheet reconciliation (EU LI1/EU CC2)

362

Table 9

Prudential balance sheet by risk type (EU LI1‑B)

366

Table 10

Reconciliation between net carrying values under the prudential scope and the exposure amounts considered
for regulatory purposes (EU LI2)

370

Table 11

Transition from consolidated equity to Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital

372

Table 12

Value adjustments related to prudent valuation (PVA) (EU PV1)

373

Table 13

Regulatory capital

374

Table 14

Change in regulatory capital

375

Table 15

Change in eligible debt for the constitution of equity

375

Table 16

Effect of the application of transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 accounting standard (EU IFRS9‑FL)

377

Table 17

Overview of risk‑weighted exposure amounts (EU OV1)

378

Table 18

Risk‑weighted assets movements by key driver

379

Table 19

Risk‑weighted assets by risk type and business

380

Table 20

Overall capital requirements

384

Figure 5

MDA restriction thresholds

385

Table 21

Financial conglomerates – own funds and capital adequacy ratio (EU INS2)

386

Table 22

Composition of TLAC and MREL ratios (EU TLAC1)

388

Table 23

Creditor ranking of the resolution entity – BNP Paribas SA (EU TLAC3)

389

Table 24

Leverage ratio – Itemised

391

5.3 RISK MANAGEMENT
Figure 6

5

396

Overview of Group level governing bodies covering risk‑related topics

5.4 CREDIT RISK

396
405

Table 25

Credit risk exposure by asset class and approach

405

Figure 7

Gross credit risk exposure by approach

406

Table 26

Scope of the use of IRB and SA approaches (EU CR6‑A)

407

Table 27

Indicative mapping of internal counterparty rating with agency rating scale and average expected PD

411

Table 28

Credit risk exposure by regulatory asset class and approach type (EU CRB‑B)

413

Table 29

Credit risk exposure by geographic region

414

Table 30

Credit risk‑weighted assets

418

Table 31

Credit risk‑weighted assets movements by key driver (EU CR8)

419

Table 32

Main models: PD, LGD and CCF/EAD

421

Table 33

Backtesting of PD on central governments, central banks and institutions portfolio (EU CR9)

424

Table 34

Backtesting of PD on corporates portfolio (EU CR9)

426

Table 35

Backtesting of PD on retail secured by property portfolio (EU CR9)

430

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

629

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 6: List of tables and figures

Pages
Table 36

Backtesting of PD on other retail portfolio (EU CR9)

432

Table 37

Backtesting of LGD

435

Figure 8

IRBA exposure by PD range – Sovereign, financial institution, corporate and specialised financing portfolios

437

Table 38

IRBA exposure by PD scale and asset class – central bank, central government and institutions portfolio (EU CR6)

438

Table 39

IRBA exposure by PD scale and asset class corporate portfolio (EU CR6)

440

Table 40

Average PD and LGD of the corporate asset class by geographic region

444

Figure 9

IRBA exposure by PD range – Retail portfolio

445

Table 41

IRBA exposure by PD scale and asset class – retail guaranteed by real property portfolio (EU CR6)

446

Table 42

IRBA exposure by PD scale and asset class – other retail portfolios (EU CR6)

448

Table 43

Average PD and LGD of the retail portfolio by geographic region

452

Table 44

Standardised credit risk exposure by standard exposure class (EU CR4)

453

Table 45

Standardised credit exposure at default (EU CR5)

455

Figure 10

Standardised credit exposure at default by risk weight

457

Table 46

Equity positions under the simple weighting method (EU CR10)

458

Table 47

Insurance undertakings (EU INS1)

458

Table 48

Performing and non‑performing exposures and related provisions (EU CR1)

460

Table 49

Performing and non‑performing exposures by past due days (EU CQ3)

462

Table 50

Exposures and provisions by geographic breakdown (EU CQ4)

464

Table 51

Breakdown of loans and advances and provisions to non‑financial corporations by industry (EU CQ5)

468

Table 52

Breakdown of financial assets subject to impairment by stage and internal rating

474

Table 53

Credit quality of restructured loans (EU CQ1)

476

Table 54

Credit risk mitigation techniques (EU CR3)

478

Table 55

Credit risk mitigation in IRBA and standard approach

479

Table 56

Secured exposures in IRB approach (EU CR7‑A)

480

Table 57

Collateral obtained by taking possession and execution processes (EU CQ7)

485

5.5 SECURITISATION IN THE BANKING BOOK

Securitised exposures and securitisation positions (held or acquired) by role

486

Table 59

Securitised exposures originated by BNP Paribas

487

Table 60

Securitised exposures by BNP Paribas as an originator by underlying asset category

488

Table 61

Exposures securitised by the institution – exposures in default (EU SEC5)

488

Table 62

Securitised exposures by BNP Paribas as sponsor by underlying asset category

489

Table 63

List of securitisation vehicles Initiated by the Group (SEC‑A)

490

Table 64

Securitisation exposures in the non‑trading book (EU SEC1)

493

Table 65

Banking book securitisation position quality

494

Table 66

Securitisation positions and risk‑weighted assets movements by key driver

495

Table 67

Securitisation exposures and risk‑weighted assets – institution acting as originator or as sponsor (EU SEC3)

496

Table 68

Securitisation positions and risk‑weighted assets – BNP Paribas acting as investor (EU SEC4)

498

5.6 COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK

630

486

Table 58

500

Table 69

Counterparty credit risk exposure at default by asset class (excl. CVA risk charge)

503

Table 70

Counterparty credit risk exposure at default by product (excl. CVA risk charge)

504

Table 71

Bilateral counterparty credit risk exposure at default by approach (EU CCR1)

505

Table 72

IRBA bilateral counterparty credit risk exposure at default (EU CCR4)

507

Table 73

Standardised bilateral counterparty credit risk exposure at default (EU CCR3)

509

Table 74

Exposure to central CCPs (EU CCR8)

510

Table 75

CVA risk capital charge (EU CCR2)

511

Table 76

Composition of collateral for CCR exposures given and received (EU CCR5)

511

Table 77

Credit derivative exposures (EU CCR6)

512

Table 78

Counterparty credit risk capital requirement and risk‑weighted assets

513

Table 79

Counterparty credit RWA movements by key driver (EU CCR7)

513

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 6: List of tables and figures

5

Pages
5.7 MARKET RISK

514

Table 80

Market risk capital requirement and risk‑weighted assets

514

Table 81

Market risk under the internal model approach (EU MR2‑A)

515

Table 82

Market risk under the standardised approach (EU MR1)

515

Table 83

Market risk‑weighted assets movements by key driver (EU MR2‑B)

516

Table 84

Value at Risk (1‑day, 99%)

520

Figure 11

Quarterly change in VaR (1‑day, 99%)

521

Figure 12

Comparison between VaR (1‑day, 99%) and daily trading revenue (EU MR4)

522

Figure 13

Distribution of daily trading revenue

522

Table 85

Value at Risk (10‑day, 99%)

523

Table 86

Stressed Value at Risk (1‑day, 99%)

523

Table 87

IMA values for trading portfolios (EU MR3)

524

Table 88

Breakdown of trading book securitisation positions outside correlation book by asset type (EU SEC2)

525

Table 89

Breakdown of trading book securitisation positions and capital requirements outside correlation book by risk weight

526

Table 90

Sensitivity of revenues to global interest rate risk based on a 50 basis point increase or decrease in the interest rates
(EU IRRBB1A)

530

Table 91

Sensitivity of Tier 1 capital economic value and sensivity of Tier 1 net interest income to the regulatory stress test scenarios
(EU IRRBB1B)

531

Table 92

Hedged cash flows

532

5.8 LIQUIDITY RISK

533

Table 93

Breakdown of the wholesale funding by currency

535

Table 94

Breakdown of the Group’s medium long term (MLT) wholesale funding

536

Table 95

Trends in Group MLT wholesale funding

536

Table 96

MLT secured wholesale funding

537

Table 97

Breakdown of global liquidity reserve (counterbalancing capacity)

538

Table 98

Short‑term liquidity ratio (LCR) – Itemised (EU LIQ1)

539

Table 99

Net stable funding ratio (EU LIQ2)

541

Table 100

Contractual maturities of the prudential balance sheet (EU CR1‑A)

544

Table 101

Contractual maturities of capital instruments and medium long‑term debt securities in the prudential scope

546

Table 102

Economic maturities of subordinated debt (prudential perimeter)

547

Table 103

Encumbred and unencumbered assets

548

5.9 OPERATIONAL RISK

5

552

Figure 14

Operational losses – Breakdown by event type (average 2016‑2024)

557

Table 104

Operational risk capital requirement and risk‑weighted assets (EU OR1)

558

5.10 INSURANCE RISKS

559

Table 105

Breakdown of BNP Paribas Cardif Group investments (excluding investments in unit‑linked contracts)

561

Table 106

Bond exposure by issuer and rating (excluding investments in unit‑linked contracts and Eurocroissance contracts)

562

5.11 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE RISK

563

Table 107

Exposure to government bond and similar by issuing country (excluding investments in unit‑linked contracts
and Eurocroissance contracts)

572

Table 108

Credit quality of exposures by sector, emissions and residual maturity

583

Table 109

Exposures to top 20 carbon‑intensive firms

584

Table 110

Loans collateralised by immovable property – energy efficiency of the collateral

585

Table 111

Exposures subject to potential physical risk

587

Table 112

Summary of key performance indicators (KPIs) aligned with the taxonomy

589

Table 113

Assets for the GAR calculation

590

Table 114

GAR (%)

598

Table 115

GAR flux (%)

602

Table 116

Other climate change mitigation actions not covered by the taxonomy

605

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

631

5

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 7: Acronyms

Appendix 7: Acronyms
Acronyms

632

Acronyms

ABCP

Asset‑Backed Commercial Paper

CVA

Credit Valuation Adjustment

ABS

Asset‑Backed Securities

DPE

Energy Performance Diagnosis

ACPR

Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution

D‑SIBS

Domestic Systemically Important Banks

ALCo

Asset and Liability Committee

EAD

Exposure at Default

EFTA

European Free Trade Association

EBA

European Banking Authority

AFG

Affaires Fiscales Groupe (Group Tax Department)

ECAIs

External Credit Assessment Institutions
Enhanced Disclosure Task Force

A‑IRB

Advanced internal ratings‑based approach

EDTF

ALM

Asset and Liability Management

EEA

European Economic Area

AMA

Advanced measurement approach

EEPE

Effective Expected Positive Exposure

AMF

Autorité des Marchés Financiers (French Financial Markets
Authority)

EHQLA

Assets of extremely high liquidity and credit quality

ASA

Alternative Standardised Approach

EPE

Expected Positive Exposure

AVA

Additional Valuation Adjustments

EIOPA

European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority

BCBS

Basel Committee on Banking Supervision

ECB

European Central Bank

CPBF

Commercial & Personal Banking in France

CPBB

Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium

BNB

Banque Nationale de Belgique

BNL

Banca Nazionale del Lavoro

BRRD

Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive

CCA

Climate Change Adaptation

CCDG

Executive Management Credit Committee

CDDG

Executive Management Receivables Committee

CCF

Credit Conversion Factor

CCIRC

Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee

CCM

Climate Change Mitigation

CC

Central Counterparty

CDO

Collaterised Debt Obligations

CDS

Credit Default Swap

CEBS

Committee of European Banking Supervisors

CFA

French African Community

CFP

Change Franc Pacifique

CGEN

Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR Committee

CIB

Corporate & Institutional Banking

HRC

Homogeneous Risk Category

CLO

Collaterised Loan Obligations

CMAP

Centre for Applied Mathematics

CMBS

Commercial Mortgage Backed Securities

CMG

Crisis Management Group

CPBS

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

CRD

Capital Requirement Directive (European directive)

CRM

Comprehensive Risk Measure

CRR

Capital Requirement Regulation (EU regulation amended by CRR2)

SRB

Single Resolution Board

CSA

Credit Support Annex

EIS

Systemically important institution

G‑SII

Global systemically important institution

EL

Expected Loss

EMIR

European Market Infrastructure Regulation (European regulation)

EMTN

Euro Medium‑Term Note

EP4

4th version of the Equator Principles

EPC

Energy Performance Contract

ESG

Environmental Social and Governance

ESG‑A

ESG Assessment

ESMA

European Securities and Markets Authority

ESRB

European Systemic Risk Board

FBF

Fédération Bancaire Française (French Banking Federation)

Fed

Federal Reserve System of the United States

FICC

Fixed Income Credit and Commodities

FLAIR

Forward Looking Adjustment of Internal Rating

IMF

International Monetary Fund

FMRC

Financial Markets Risk Committee

FRTB

Fundamental review of trading book

FSB

Financial Stability Board

FSRU

Floating Storage and Regasification Unit

GAFAM

Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft

GCM

Global Clearing Member

GHG

Greenhouse gas emissions

GHOS

Central Bank Governers and Bank Supervisors Group

GITRC

Group IT Risk Committee

GSCC

Group Supervisory and Control Committee

G‑SIBs

Global systemically important banks

GTS

Growth Technology Sustainability

GWWR

General Wrong Way Risk

HQLA

High Quality Liquid Assets

ICAAP

Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (under Pillar 2)

ICT

Information, communication and technology

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 7: Acronyms

Acronyms

5

Acronyms

IFRS

International Financial Reporting Standards

PD

Probability of Default

IMM

Internal Model Method

PFC

Product and Financial Control Committee

IPS

Investment & Protection Services

PFE

Potential Future Exposure

IRB

International Retail Banking

GDP

Gross Domestic Product

IRBA

Internal Ratings‑Based Approach (internal models)

PM

Portfolio Management

IRC

Incremental Risk Charge

SME

Small and Medium‑sized Enterprise

ISDA

International Swaps and Derivatives Association

SR

Policyholders’ Surplus Reserve

STIs

Implementing Technical Standards

PRB

Principles for Responsible Banking

JJ

Overnight Rate

PRI

Principles for Responsible Investment

LBO

Leveraged Buy‑Out

PVA

Prudent Valuation Adjustment

LCR

Liquidity Coverage Ratio

RAS

Risk Appetite Statement

LGD

Loss Given Default

RC

Replacement cost

KYC

Know Your Client

RDPC

Risk and Development Policy Committees

LTV

Loan‑to‑Value

GDPR

General Data Protection Regulation

MAP

Market Parameter

RMBS

Residential Mortgage‑Backed Securities

MFI MI

Markets and Financial Institutions - Management Information

CSR

Corporate Social Responsibility

MLT

Medium and long term

RW

Risk weight

NIM

Net interest margin

SA‑CCR

Standardised Approach for Counterparty Credit Risk

MDA

Maximum Distributable Amount

SEC‑ERBA

External ratings‑based approach

MREL

Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities

SEC‑IRBA

Internal ratings‑based approach

SSM

Single Supervisory Mechanism

SEC‑SA

Standardised approach

MTN

Medium‑Term Note

SFCR

Solvency and Financial Condition Report

NACE

Statistical classification of economic activities in the European
Community

SFSC

Sustainable Finance Strategic Committee

NIST

National Institute of Standards and Technology

SFT

Securities Financing Transaction

SREP

Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process

NFRD

Non‑Financial Reporting Directive

NGFS

Network for Greening the Financial System

NPV

Net Present Value

NSFR

Net Stable Funding Ratio

NUTS3

Classification of territorial units for statistics, level 3 corresponding
to the departments

NZBA

Net‑Zero Banking Alliance

OAT

Obligations Assimilables du Trésor (10‑year French government
bonds)

OECD

Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development

MGR

Minimum guaranteed rate

SDG

Sustainable Development Goals

EIR

Effective Interest Rate

OIS

Overnight Indexed Swap

GRR

Global Recovery Rate

ILO

International Labour Organization

SRT

Significant Risk Transfer

IMO

International Maritime Organisation

TSA

Standardised approach

OPC

Collective investment undertakings

TTC

Through The Cycle

ORM

Operational Risk Management

US MTN

United States Medium‑Term Note

ORSA

Own Risk and Solvency Assessment

V&RC

Risk valuation and control team

OS

Open Source (source designed to be accessible to the public)

VaR

Value at Risk

OTC

Over‑the‑counter

SVaR

Stressed VaR

P2G

Pillar 2 Guidance

VFA

Variable Fee Approach

P2R

Pillar 2 Requirement (prudential requirement)

VMC

Valuation Methodology Committee

bp

Basis points

VMCP

Valuation Methodology Control Policy

PCAF

Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials

VRC

Valuation Review Committee

STFS

Stress Testing and Financial Simulations

STS

Simple, transparent and standard

STSC

Stress Testing Steering Committee

SWWR

Specific Wrong Way Risk

SyRB

Systemic risk buffer

TCP

Thematic Credit Policy

TLAC

Total Loss Absorbing Capacity

TLTRO

Targeted Long‑Term Refinancing Operation

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

5

633

5

634

RISK AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY - PILLAR 3
Appendix 7: Acronyms

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER
2024

6.1

BNP Paribas SA financial statements

636

Income statement for the year ended 31 December 2024
Balance sheet at 31 December 2024

636
637

Notes to the parent company financial statements

638

Note 1
Note 2
Note 3
Note 4
Note 5
Note 6

638
646
649
659
661
663

Summary of significant accounting principles applied by BNP Paribas SA
Notes to the 2024 income statement
Notes to the balance sheet at 31 December 2024
Financing, guarantee and securities commitments
Salaries and employee benefits
Additional information

6.2

BNP Paribas SA five‑year financial summary

673

6.3

Disclosures of investments of BNP Paribas SA in 2024 affecting at least
5% of share capital of French companies

674

6.4

Non‑tax‑deductible expenses and charges

674

6.5

Statutory Auditors’ report on the financial statements

675

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

635

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
BNP Paribas SA financial statements

6.1 BNP Paribas SA financial statements
The annual financial statements were approved by the Board of directors of BNP Paribas SA on 3 February 2025.

INCOME STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
In millions of euros

Interest income

Notes Year to 31 December 2024 Year to 31 December 2023
2.a

73,566

67,392

Interest expense

2.a

(69,993)

(64,304)

Income on equities and other variable instruments

2.b

5,790

8,211

Commission income

2.c

9,480

8,545

Commission expense

2.c

(2,374)

(2,042)

Net gains on trading account securities

2.d

9,505

9,552

Net losses on securities available for sale

2.e

(1,289)

(228)

Other banking income

447

557

Other banking expenses

(456)

(490)

NET BANKING INCOME

24,676

27,193

(8,860)

(8,765)

(5,005)

(6,132)

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment on tangible and intangible assets

(722)

(741)

GROSS OPERATING INCOME

10,089

11,555

(808)

(748)

9,281

10,807

919

(538)

Salaries and employee benefit expense

5.a

Other administrative expenses

Cost of risk

2.f

OPERATING INCOME
Gains or losses on long‑term investments

2.g

Net additions to or reversals of regulated provisions
INCOME BEFORE TAX
Corporate income tax
NET INCOME

636

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2.h

(1)

34

10,199

10,303

(639)

(683)

9,560

9,620

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
BNP Paribas SA financial statements

6

BALANCE SHEET AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes

In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

ASSETS
Cash and amounts due from central banks

142,855

234,997

Treasury bills and money‑market instruments

3.c

172,478

159,168

Due from credit institutions

3.a

280,623

216,239

Customer items

3.b

608,500

586,322

Bonds and other fixed‑income securities

3.c

176,215

140,476

Equities and other variable‑income securities

3.c

3,210

2,356

Investments in subsidiaries and equity securities held for long‑term investment

3.c

3,920

4,006

Investments in affiliates

3.c

50,804

48,654

Intangible assets

3.j

2,646

2,635

Tangible assets

3.j

2,087

2,093

Treasury shares

3.d

38

38

Other assets

3.h

208,536

189,177

Accrued income

3.i

132,880

126,335

1,784,792

1,712,496

1,237

1,330

TOTAL ASSETS
LIABILITIES
Central banks
Due to credit institutions

3.a

241,955

227,418

Customer items

3.b

857,658

839,734

Debt securities

3.f

203,101

180,433

Other liabilities

3.h

233,144

230,846

Accrued expenses

3.i

125,026

115,121

Provisions

3.k

2,919

1,990

Subordinated debt

3.l

TOTAL LIABILITIES
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

32,702

31,882

1,697,742

1,628,754

Share capital

2,262

2,295

Additional paid‑in capital

16,547

17,565
54,262

Reserves and Retained earnings

58,681

Net income for the period

9,560

9,620

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

87,050

83,742

1,784,792

1,712,496

Notes

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Financing commitments

4.a

444,574

447,356

Guarantee commitments

4.b

212,897

211,773

Commitments given on securities

4.b

36,125

51,108

Financing commitments

4.a

121,699

178,847

Guarantee commitments

4.b

313,312

323,022

Commitments given on securities

4.b

46,722

54,234

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Off‑balance sheet

6

6.b

COMMITMENTS GIVEN

COMMITMENTS RECEIVED

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

637

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

Notes to the parent company financial statements
Note 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES APPLIED BY
BNP PARIBAS SA
BNP Paribas SA’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied to credit
institutions in France, set out in ANC (French Accounting Standards Authority) Regulation No. 2014‑07 of 26 November 2014 and its amending
regulations since that date.

AMOUNTS DUE FROM CREDIT INSTITUTIONS
AND CUSTOMERS
Amounts due from credit institutions include all subordinated and
unsubordinated loans made in connection with banking transactions
with credit institutions, with the exception of debt securities. They
also include assets purchased under resale agreements, whatever
the type of assets concerned, and receivables corresponding to
securities sold under collateralised repurchase agreements. They are
broken down between demand loans and deposits, and term loans
and time deposits.
Amounts due from customers include loans to customers other than
credit institutions, with the exception of loans represented by debt
securities issued by customers, assets purchased under resale
agreements, whatever the type of assets concerned, and receivables
corresponding to securities sold under collateralised repurchase
agreements. They are broken down between commercial loans,
customer debit accounts, and other loans.
Amounts due from credit institutions and customers are recorded in
the balance sheet at nominal value plus accrued interest not yet
due.
Outstanding loans and confirmed credit facilities are broken down
into sound loans, including sound restructured loans, and doubtful
loans. The same analysis is performed for credit risks attached to
forward financial instruments whose present value represents an
asset for the Group.
Credit risks are monitored using BNP Paribas SA’s internal credit risk
rating system. This system is based on two key parameters: the
probability of default by the counterparty, expressed as a rating, and
the overall recovery rate determined by reference to the type of
transaction. There are twelve counterparty ratings: ten covering
sound loans and two covering doubtful loans and loans classified as
irrecoverable.
Doubtful loans are defined as loans where the Bank considers that
there is a risk that the borrowers will be unable to honour all or part
of their commitments. The definition of default is consistent with the
Basel definition, which takes into account the EBA guidelines of
28 September 2016, in particular the applicable thresholds for
overdue amounts and probationary periods.
Loans overdue for more than 90 days, as well as loans subject to
litigation are considered as doubtful. When a loan is classified as
doubtful, all other loans and commitments to the debtor are
automatically assigned the same classification.

638

The Bank recognises an impairment for doubtful accounts on these
loans, in an amount corresponding to the difference between the
gross loan value and present value of the future cash flows (from
principal, interest, and any realised guarantees) that are deemed
recoverable, using a discount rate equal to the original effective
interest rate (for fixed‑rate loans), or the most recent contractual
interest rate (for floating‑rate loans). The guarantees considered
here include mortgages and pledges on assets, as well as credit
derivatives acquired by the Bank as a protection against credit losses
in the loan book.
These impairments are determined on an individual or collective
basis based on statistical models for loan portfolios with similar
risks and not impaired individually.
If a loan is restructured because the borrower is facing financial
difficulties, the Bank calculates a discount equal to the difference in
present value between the old and new repayment terms. These
discounts are recognised as a deduction to assets and reversed
through income on an actuarial basis over the remaining term of the
loan. If any instalments on a restructured loan are not paid, the loan
is reclassified as doubtful or irrecoverable.
In the case of doubtful loans where the borrower has resumed
making regular payments in accordance with the original repayment
schedule, the loan is reclassified as sound. Similarly, doubtful loans
that have been restructured, where the restructuring terms are
satisfied and for which the credit risk is no longer proven, are also
reclassified as sound.
Irrecoverable loans include loans to borrowers whose credit
standing is such that after a reasonable time classified as doubtful
loans, no reclassification as a sound loan is foreseeable, loans where
an event of default has occurred, almost all restructured loans
where the borrower has once again defaulted, and loans classified as
doubtful for more than one year that are in default and are not
secured by guarantees covering a substantial portion of the amount
due.
Impairments for credit risk on doubtful loans are deducted from the
carrying amount of the assets on the balance sheet. Provisions
recorded under liabilities include provisions related to off‑balance
sheet commitments, loss provisions relating to interests in
real‑estate development programmes, provisions for claims and
litigation, and provisions for unforeseeable industry risks.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

Additions to and recoveries of provisions and impairment, losses on
irrecoverable loans, recoveries on loans covered by provisions and
discounts calculated on restructured loans are recorded in the
income statement under “Cost of risk”.
The interest received from the repayment of the carrying amount of
loans that have been written‑down, as well as the reversals of
discounting effects and the discount on restructured loans, are
recognised under “Interest income”.

6

■ Expected credit losses at maturity: the provision is valued at an

amount equal to the expected credit losses over the residual life
of the loan if the credit risk since the initial recognition of the
commitment has increased significantly without giving rise to a
reclassification to potentially recoverable or irrecoverable
doubtful outstandings.
The assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is based in
particular on the following indicators:
■ the comparison of the probabilities of default resulting from the

Change in the estimation modalities of
provisions for expected credit risk
In addition to impairments for doubtful loans, the Bank records
additional provisions for expected credit risk, in accordance with the
principle of prudence. In 2024, the Bank made a change in how the
valuation of these additional provisions is estimated, in order to
provide better information with regard to its activity and its credit
risk management practices. These estimates were previously based
on a calculation of provisions for international commitments and are
now based, from 2024, on a calculation of expected credit losses
calculated on the entire non‑doubtful loan portfolio.
This change in valuation technique is a change in estimate that
affects the income statement under “Cost of risk” at 31 December
2024.
At 31 December 2023, provisions for international commitments
were based on the evaluation of non‑transfer risk related to the
future solvency of each of the countries at risk and on the systemic
credit risk incurred by debtors in the event of a constant and durable
deterioration in the overall situation and economies of these
countries. Additions and reversals of these provisions were reflected
in the income statement under “Cost of risk”.

Expected credit losses on non‑doubtful loans
For the portfolio of non‑doubtful loan outstandings, consisting of
loans and commitments by signature, the Bank calculates expected
credit losses. As soon as each commitment is initially recognised, a
provision for impairment is recognised, with a counterparty
corresponding against an entry in the income statement under “Cost
of risk”.
Expected credit losses are defined as an estimate of credit losses (i.e.
the present value of cash shortfalls) weighted by the probability of
occurrence of these losses over the expected life of the outstandings,
taking into account past events, current circumstances and
reasonable and justifiable forecasts of the economic environment.
In practice, they are calculated as the product of the probability of
default, the Loss Given Default (taking into account, where
applicable, collateral held or other credit enhancements) and the
amount of exposure at default discounted at the effective interest
rate of the exposure. They are measured on the basis of changes in
the counterparty default risk since the initial recognition of the
outstanding amount.
■ 12‑month expected credit losses: if at the reporting date, the

credit risk on the outstanding has not increased significantly
since its initial recognition, a provision is constituted for an
amount equal to the 12‑month expected credit losses (resulting
from the risk of default within the next 12 months).

ratings at the date of initial recognition of the outstandings with
those existing at the reporting date. The increase in credit risk
is therefore generally considered significant if the probability of
default at maturity has been multiplied by at least threefold or
if it has increased by 400 basis points since origination;
■ the existence of a delay in contractual payments of more than

30 days;
■ restructuring due to financial difficulties (insofar as the facility

is not doubtful);
■ monitoring of performing corporate clients placed under credit

watch.

REGULATED SAVINGS AND LOAN CONTRACTS
Home savings accounts (Comptes Épargne Logement – “CEL”) and
home savings plans (Plans d’Épargne Logement – “PEL”) are
government‑regulated retail products for individuals sold in France.
They combine a savings phase and a loan phase which are
inseparable, with the loan phase contingent upon the savings phase.
These products contain two types of obligations for BNP Paribas SA:
an obligation to pay interest on the savings for an indefinite period
at a rate set by the government on inception of the contract (in the
case of PEL products) or at a rate reset every half‑year using an
indexation formula set by law (in the case of CEL products); and an
obligation to lend to the customer (at the customer’s option) an
amount contingent upon the rights acquired during the savings
phase at a rate set on inception of the contract (in the case of PEL
products) or at a rate contingent upon the savings phase (in the case
of CEL products).

6

BNP Paribas SA’s future obligations with respect to each generation
(in the case of PEL products, a generation comprises all products
with the same interest rate at inception; in the case of CEL products,
all such products constitute a single generation) are measured by
discounting potential future earnings from at‑risk outstandings for
that generation.
At‑risk outstandings are estimated on the basis of a historical
analysis of customer behaviour, and equate to statistically probable
outstanding loans and the difference between statistically probable
outstandings and minimum expected outstandings, with minimum
expected outstandings being deemed equivalent to unconditional
term deposits.
Earnings for future periods from the savings phase are estimated as
the difference between the reinvestment rate and the fixed savings
interest rate on at‑risk savings outstanding for the period in
question. Earnings for future periods from the loan phase are
estimated as the difference between the refinancing rate and the
fixed loan interest rate on at‑risk outstanding loans for the period in
question.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

639

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

The reinvestment rate for savings and the refinancing rate for loans
are derived from the swap yield curve and from the spreads
expected on financial instruments of similar type and maturity.
Spreads are determined on the basis of actual spreads on fixed‑rate
home loans in the case of the loan phase and on products offered to
retail clients in the case of the savings phase.
In order to reflect the uncertainty of future interest‑rate trends, and
the impact of such trends on customer behaviour models and on at
risk outstandings, the obligations are estimated using the
Monte‑Carlo method.
When the sum of BNP Paribas SA’s estimated future obligations with
respect to the savings and loan phases of any generation of
contracts indicates a potentially unfavourable situation for
BNP Paribas SA, a provision is recognised, with no offset between
generations, in the balance sheet under “Provisions”. Movements in
this provision are recognised as interest income and expense in the
income statement.

SECURITIES
The term “Securities” covers interbank market securities, treasury
bills and negotiable certificates of deposit, bonds and other
“fixed‑income” securities (whether fixed- or floating‑rate), equities
and other variable‑income securities.
Securities are classified as: “trading securities”, “securities available
for sale”, “equity securities available for sale in the medium term”,
“debt securities held to maturity”, “equity securities held for
long‑term investment”, or “investments in subsidiaries and
affiliates”.
From 1 January 2018, trading securities acquired or disposed of
under agreements whose terms require delivery of the securities
within a period defined by regulation or by an agreement on the
relevant market are recorded in the balance sheet on the settlement
date. This change has no impact on the opening income statement
or equity. Other categories of securities acquired or disposed of under
the same conditions are recorded on the transaction date.
When a credit risk has occurred, fixed‑income securities held in the
“Available for sale” or “Held to maturity” portfolio are classified as
doubtful, based on the same criteria as those applied to doubtful
loans and commitments.
When securities exposed to counterparty risk are classified as
doubtful and the related provision can be separately identified, the
corresponding charge is included in “Cost of risk”.

Trading account securities
“Trading account securities” are securities bought or sold with the
intention of selling them or repurchasing them in the near future, as
well as those held as a result of market‑making activities. These
securities are valued individually at market value if they meet the
following criteria:

■ the

market prices reflect actual, regularly‑occurring
transactions taking place under normal competition conditions.

“Trading account securities” also include securities bought or sold for
specific asset‑management objectives (especially in terms of
sensitivity) for trading books comprised of forward financial
instruments, securities, or other financial instruments taken globally,
as well as borrowed securities. When the latter are not backed by
cash, they are presented in the balance sheet as a deduction from
the debt representing the value of the borrowed securities. In the
same way, financial instruments received as fully‑owned collateral
under financial guarantee contracts with the right of re‑use,
recorded in the balance sheet and revalued according to the rules
applicable to trading securities, are presented with a deduction from
the liability representing the restitution commitment.
Changes in the market value of these securities are recognised in
income. “Trading account securities” cannot be reclassified into
another category and must follow the valuation rules for this
category until they are sold, fully redeemed, or recognised as a loss
and consequently removed from the balance sheet.
In the case of exceptional market circumstances necessitating a
change in investment strategy, “Trading securities” can be
reclassified as “Securities available for sale” or “Debt securities held
to maturity” depending on the new strategy adopted.
If fixed‑income securities classified as “Trading securities” can no
longer be traded on an active market, and if the Bank has the
intention and ability to hold these securities for the foreseeable
future or until maturity, they can be reclassified as “Securities
available for sale” or “Debt securities held to maturity”.
The accounting rules for each category concerned apply as of the
reclassification date.
If the market in which securities classified as “Trading account
securities” were purchased can no longer be considered active, the
securities will be valued using methods that take into account the
new market conditions.

Securities available for sale
The “Securities available for sale” category includes securities not
classified into one of the other categories.
Bonds and other fixed‑income securities are valued at the lower of
cost (excluding accrued interest) or probable market prices. This is
generally determined on the basis of stock market prices. Accrued
interest is posted to the income statement under “Interest income
on bonds and other fixed‑income securities”.
For fixed‑income securities available for sale that have been
purchased on the secondary market, any difference between cost
and redemption price is recognised in income using the actuarial
method over the remaining life of the securities. On the balance
sheet, their carrying amount is amortised to their redemption value
over their remaining life.

■ they can be traded on an active market (i.e. a market where

third parties have continuous access to market prices through a
securities exchange, brokers, traders, or market‑makers);

640

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

Equities are valued at the lower of cost or probable market prices.
This is generally determined on the basis of stock market prices for
listed equities, or BNP Paribas SA’s share in net equity, calculated on
the basis of the most recent financial statements available, for
unlisted equities. Dividends received are recognised in the income
statement under “Income on variable‑income securities” on a cash
basis.

If a significant portion of the “debt securities held to maturity” is sold
or reclassified into a different category, the sold or reclassified
securities cannot be returned to the “Debt securities held to
maturity” category at any time during the current financial period or
the following two financial years. All the securities classified as
“Debt securities held to maturity” would then be reclassified as
“Securities available for sale in the medium term”.

The cost of securities available for sale that have been sold is
determined on a first in, first out (FIFO) basis. Disposal gains or
losses, and additions to and reversals of lower of cost and market
provisions are reflected in the income statement under “Gains
(losses) on securities available for sale”.

If exceptional market circumstances necessitate a change in
investment strategy, and “Trading account securities” and “Securities
available for sale” are reclassified as “Debt securities held to
maturity”, the sale of any “Debt securities held to maturity” prior to
the maturity date would not invoke the reclassification clauses in the
above paragraph if the sale occurred because the securities had once
again become tradable on an active market.

In the case of exceptional circumstances necessitating a change in
investment strategy, or if the securities can no longer be traded on
an active market, securities classified as “Securities available for
sale” may be reclassified as “Debt securities held to maturity” and
must be identified within this portfolio. These securities would then
be recognised according to the method used for “Debt securities held
to maturity”.

Equity securities available for sale in the
medium term
Equity securities available for sale in the medium term comprise
investments made for portfolio management purposes, with the aim
of realising a profit in the medium term without investing on a
long‑term basis in the development of the issuer’s business. This
category includes venture capital investments.
Equity securities available for sale in the medium term are recorded
individually at the lower of historic cost and fair value. Fair value
takes into account the issuer’s general business outlook and the
planned holding period. The fair value of listed shares is determined
by reference to the average stock market price determined over a
one‑month period.

Debt securities held to maturity
Fixed‑income securities with a specified maturity (mainly bonds,
interbank market securities, treasury bills, and other negotiable debt
securities) are recorded under “Debt securities held to maturity” to
reflect BNP Paribas SA’s intention of holding them to maturity.
Bonds classified under this heading are financed by matching funds
or hedged against interest‑rate exposure for their remaining lives.
The difference between cost and the redemption price of these
securities is recognised in income using the actuarial method over
the remaining life of the securities. On the balance sheet, their
carrying amount is amortised to their redemption value over their
remaining life.
Interest on debt securities held to maturity is recorded in the income
statement under “Interest income on bonds and other fixed‑income
securities”.
An impairment is recognised when a decline in the credit standing of
an issuer jeopardises redemption at maturity.

6

Equity securities held for long‑term
investment, investments in subsidiaries and
affiliates
Equity interests include investments in subsidiaries and affiliates in
which BNP Paribas SA exercises significant influence over
management and investments considered strategic to BNP Paribas
SA’s business development. This influence is deemed to exist when
BNP Paribas SA holds an ownership interest of at least 10%.
“Equity securities held for long‑term investment” are shares and
related instruments that BNP Paribas SA intends to hold on a
long‑term basis in order to earn a satisfactory long‑term rate of
return without taking an active part in the management of the
issuing company, but with the intention of promoting the
development of lasting business relationships by creating special
ties with the issuer.
Other investments in affiliates consist of shares and other
variable‑income securities in companies over which BNP Paribas SA
has exclusive control (i.e. companies likely to be fully consolidated
into the Group).

6

These types of securities are recorded individually at the lower of
cost and fair value.
Fair value for each security is determined on the basis of available
information, including discounted future cash flows, net revalued
assets and/or multiples commonly used to assess future yields. For
securities listed on an active market, the fair value is considered to
be the average market price over the previous one‑month period.
For simplicity, listed securities acquired for less than EUR 10 million
may be valued on the basis of the average closing stock market price
in the month prior to closing.
Disposals, gains or losses and provision movements are recorded in
the income statement under “Net gains or losses on disposals of
long‑term investments”.
Dividends are recognised as soon as payment has been approved by
the Annual General Meeting or when they are received if the
shareholders’ decision is unknown. They are recorded under “Income
on equities and variable‑income securities”.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

641

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

Treasury shares
Treasury shares held by BNP Paribas SA are classified and valued as
follows:
■ treasury shares held, purchased under a market‑making

agreement or acquired in connection with index arbitrage
transactions are recorded under “Trading securities” at market
price;
■ shares held for allocation to employees are recorded in the

securities available for sale category. Shares granted to
employees of BNP Paribas SA subsidiaries and branches are
re‑invoiced to them, in accordance with the applicable local
provisions;
■ treasury shares held to be granted to employees are not

impaired, but a provision is recognised for these shares based
on the services provided by the employees who will receive the
shares;
■ treasury shares that are intended to be cancelled or that are

not being held for either of the above reasons are included in
long term investments. Treasury shares intended to be
cancelled are stated at cost. All others are stated at the lower
of cost and fair value.

The depreciation periods used for office property are as follows: 80
years or 60 years for the shell (for prime and other property
respectively); 30 years for facades; 20 years for general and
technical installations; and 10 years for fixtures and fittings.
Depending on its type, software is amortised over a period of no
more than 8 years for infrastructure developments and 3 years or 5
years in the case of software developed primarily for the purpose of
providing services to customers.
Depreciable fixed assets are tested for impairment if there is an
indication of potential impairment loss at the reporting date.
Non‑depreciable assets are tested for impairment annually.
If there is an indication of impairment, the new recoverable amount
of the asset is compared with the carrying amount. If the asset is
found to be materially impaired, an impairment loss is recognised in
the income statement. This impairment loss is reversed in the event
of a change in the estimated recoverable amount or if there is no
longer an indication of impairment, with the exception of goodwill
and residual merger premium (see below) allocated to goodwill.
Impairment losses are taken into account in the income statement
under “Depreciation, amortisation, and provisions on property, plant
and equipment and intangible assets”.
■ Goodwill in the business is now presumed to have an unlimited

period of use. It is therefore non‑amortisable, without any
required justification. However, this is a refutable presumption,
meaning that if there is a limited period for use, the goodwill
must be amortised over its actual or fixed period of use (10
years) if it is not possible to reliably assess this period. In
addition, if goodwill is not amortised, it must now be tested for
impairment annually regardless of whether there is any
indication of impairment.

FIXED ASSETS
Buildings and equipment are stated at acquisition cost or at the
adjusted value determined in accordance with France’s finance laws
of 1977 and 1978. Revaluation differences on non‑depreciable assets,
recorded at the time of these statutory revaluations, are included in
share capital.
Fixed assets are initially recognised at purchase price plus directly
attributable costs, together with borrowing costs where a long
period of construction or adaptation is required before the asset can
be brought into service.
Software developed by the Bank, that fulfils the criteria for
capitalisation, is capitalised at direct development cost, which
includes external costs and staff costs directly attributable to the
project.
Subsequent to initial recognition, fixed assets are measured at cost
less accumulated depreciation or amortisation and any impairment
losses.
Fixed assets are depreciated or amortised using the straight‑line
method over the useful life of the asset. Depreciation and
amortisation expenses are recognised in the income statement
under “Depreciation, amortisation, and provisions on property, plant
and equipment and intangible assets”.
The portion of recognised depreciation or amortisation that exceeds
the economic amount, mainly calculated on a straight‑line basis, is
recorded in the balance sheet as a liability under “Regulatory
provisions: accelerated depreciation and amortisation”. BNP Paribas
SA does not calculate the deferred tax effects of accelerated
depreciation and amortisation.
Where an asset consists of a number of components which may
require replacement at regular intervals, or which have different
uses or generate economic benefits at different rates, each
component is recognised separately and depreciated using a method
appropriate to that component. BNP Paribas SA has adopted the
component‑based approach for property used in operations.

642

■ The merger premium is allocated to the various assets

contributed as a result of mergers and similar transactions up
to the limit of identified unrealised gains. The amount is
allocated in the dedicated sub‑accounts of the assets
concerned, according to the amortisation, depreciation and
provisioning rules for these assets.
■ After allocation to the different underlying assets (see above),

the net balance of the residual merger premium is carried to
goodwill.
Gains and losses on disposals of property, plant and equipment, and
intangible assets used in operations are recognised in the income
statement under “Net gains or losses on disposals of long‑term
investments”.

AMOUNTS DUE TO CREDIT INSTITUTIONS
AND CUSTOMERS
Amounts due to credit institutions and customers are presented
according to their initial term or type: demand accounts and time
deposits for credit institutions; regulated savings accounts and other
deposits for customers. These sections include securities and other
assets sold under repurchase agreements depending on the type of
counterparty. Accrued interest is recorded on a separate line. Savings
accounts with special arrangements are presented as the centralised
share with the Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations, less the savings
deposits collected.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

DEBT SECURITIES
Debt securities are presented according to the nature of their
support: savings certificates, interbank market securities, negotiable
debt securities, bonds and similar securities, excluding subordinated
notes classified as subordinated debt.
Accrued interest on debt securities is recorded on a separate line of
the balance sheet and is debited to the income statement.
Bond issue and redemption premiums are amortised using the
yield‑to‑maturity method over the life of the bonds. Bond issuance
costs are amortised using the straight‑line method over the life of
the bonds.

6

Derivative financial instruments held for
trading purposes
Derivatives held for trading purposes can be traded on organised
markets or over‑the‑counter.
Derivatives held within a trading book are valued at market value on
the reporting date. The corresponding gains or losses (realised and
unrealised) are recognised in income. They are recognised in the
income statement under “Gains (losses) on trading book
transactions”.
The market value is determined from either:
■ the listed price, if one is available;
■ a valuation method using recognised financial models and

PROVISIONS FOR NON‑BANKING
TRANSACTIONS
BNP Paribas SA records provisions for clearly identified
contingencies and charges whose timing or amount is uncertain. In
accordance with current regulations, these provisions for
non‑banking transactions may be recorded only if the Bank has an
obligation to a third party at year‑end, there is a high probability of
an outflow of resources to the third party, and no equivalent
economic benefits are expected in return from the third party.

COST OF RISK
The “Cost of risk” line item includes expenses arising from the
identification of counterparty and credit risks, litigation, and fraud
inherent to banking transactions conducted with third parties. Net
movements in provisions that do not fall under the category of such
risks are classified in the income statement according to their type.

FORWARD FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Forward financial instruments are purchased on various markets for
use as specific or general hedges of assets and liabilities, or for
transaction purposes.
The Bank’s commitments related to these instruments are
recognised off‑balance sheet at nominal value. The accounting
treatment of these instruments depends on the corresponding
investment strategy.

theories, with parameters calculated from transaction prices
observed on active markets, or from statistical or other
quantitative methods.
In both cases, BNP Paribas SA makes conservative value adjustments
to account for modelling, counterparty, and liquidity risks.
Some complex derivatives, which are typically custom‑made from
combined instruments and highly illiquid, are valued using models
where certain parameters are not observable on an active market.
The margin generated during the trading of these complex financial
instruments is deferred and reversed in profit or loss over the period
during which the valuation parameters are expected to be
unobservable. When parameters that were originally unobservable
become observable, or when the valuation can be substantiated in
comparison with recent similar transactions in an active market, the
unrecognised portion of the day one profit is released to the income
statement.

Derivative financial instruments held within an
isolated open position

6

Depending on the nature of the instruments, gains and losses on
contracts representing isolated open positions are recognised in
income when the contracts are settled or on a pro rata basis.
Derivatives are measured at market value on the reporting date and
a provision for unrealised losses is recognised for each group of
homogeneous contracts.

CORPORATE INCOME TAX

Derivative financial instruments held for
hedging purposes
Income and expenses related to forward derivative financial
instruments held for hedging purposes and designated to one
instrument or a group of homogeneous instruments are recognised
in income symmetrically with the income and expenses on the
underlying instrument, and under the same accounting heading.
Income and expenses related to forward financial instruments used
to hedge overall interest rate risk are recognised in income on a pro
rata basis.

A charge for corporate income tax is taken in the period in which the
related taxable income and expenses are booked, regardless of the
period in which the tax is actually paid. When the period in which
the income and expenses are booked differs from that in which the
income is taxed and expenses deducted, BNP Paribas SA recognises a
deferred tax, whose amount is calculated according to the liability
method, with the basis taken to be all temporary differences
between the book value and tax basis of balance sheet items, and
applying applicable future tax rates once these have been approved.
Deferred tax assets are recognised in accordance with the likelihood
of their being recovered.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

643

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

Following the recommendations of Pillar II of the Organisation for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) on the reform of
international taxation, on 14 December 2022, the European Union
adopted Directive 2022/2523 establishing a minimum taxation of
international groups with respect to corporate income tax,
applicable from 1 January 2024. Following the example provided for
the consolidated financial statements prepared under French rules
in application of ANC Regulation 2020‑01 amended by ANC
Regulation 2023‑02, BNP Paribas SA does not recognise deferred
taxes related to the Pillar II/GloBE rules. Given the information
available, the impact of the Pillar II reform would be negligible for
BNP Paribas SA when it is adopted.

EMPLOYEE PROFIT‑SHARING
As required by French law, BNP Paribas SA recognises employee
profit‑sharing in the income statement in the year in which the
employee entitlement arises. The amount is reported under “Salaries
and employee benefit expenses”.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
BNP Paribas SA employees receive each of the following four types of
benefits:
■ termination benefits, payable primarily in the case of early

termination of an employment contract;
■ short‑term benefits, such as salary, annual leave, incentive
plans, profit‑sharing and additional payments;
■ long‑term benefits, including compensated leaves of absence,

long‑service awards, and other types of cash‑based deferred
compensation;
■ post‑employment benefits, consisting mainly in France of

supplementary pension benefits paid by the BNP Paribas SA
pension funds and end‑of‑career bonuses, and in other
countries by pension plans, some of which are funded by
pension funds.

Termination benefits
Termination benefits are employee benefits payable as a result of a
decision by BNP Paribas SA to terminate a contract of employment
before the legal retirement age or by an employee to accept
voluntary redundancy in exchange for a benefit. Termination benefits
due more than twelve months after the reporting date are
discounted.

Short‑term benefits
The Group recognises an expense when it has used services
rendered by employees in exchange for employee benefits.

Long‑term benefits
Long‑term benefits are benefits (other than post‑employment
benefits and termination benefits) which do not fall wholly due
within twelve months after the end of the period in which the
employee renders the associated services. The actuarial techniques
used are similar to those used for defined‑benefit post‑employment
benefits, except that actuarial gains and losses are recognised
immediately, as are the effects of any plan amendments.

644

This category relates to compensation paid in cash and deferred for
more than twelve months, which is accrued in the financial
statements for the financial years during which the employee
rendered the corresponding services. If this deferred variable
compensation is subject to the employee’s continued presence at the
vesting date, the services are presumed to been rendered during the
vesting period and the corresponding compensation expense is
recognised on a pro rata basis over that period. The expense is
recognised under salary and employee benefits expenses with a
corresponding liability in the balance sheet. It is revised to take
account of any non‑fulfilment of the continued presence or
performance conditions, and changes in the BNP Paribas share price,
for deferred compensation indexed to the share.
If there is no continued presence condition, the deferred variable
compensation is immediately provisioned in the financial statements
of the year to which it refers; the liability is then revised on each
reporting date until settlement, to account for any performance
conditions, and for deferred compensation indexed to the
BNP Paribas share price, to changes in the share price.
In France, the changes brought about by the pension reform enacted
on 14 April 2023 constitute an amendment to the plan for retirement
benefits for which the impact recognised in the income statement is
not material.

Post‑employment benefits
The post‑employment benefits provided to BNP Paribas SA
employees in France include both defined‑contribution plans and
defined‑benefit plans.
Defined‑contribution plans, such as Caisse Nationale d’Assurance
Vieillesse and supplemental national and trade union plans that pay
pensions to former BNP Paribas SA employees in France, do not give
rise to an obligation for BNP Paribas SA and consequently do not
require a provision. The amount of the employer’s contributions
payable during the period is recognised as an expense.
Only defined‑benefit plans, such as the retirement packages paid for
by BNP Paribas SA’s retirement fund and end of career bonuses, give
rise to an obligation for BNP Paribas SA. This obligation must be
measured and recognised as a liability by means of a provision.
The classification of plans into these two categories is based on the
economic substance of the plan, which is reviewed to determine
whether BNP Paribas SA has a legal or constructive obligation to pay
the agreed benefits to employees.
Post‑employment benefit obligations under defined‑benefit plans are
measured using actuarial techniques that take demographic and
financial assumptions into account. The amount of the obligation
recognised as a liability is measured on the basis of the actuarial
assumptions applied by the Group, using the projected unit credit
method. This method takes into account various parameters, tailored
to the country in question, such as demographic assumptions, the
probability that employees will leave before retirement age, salary
inflation, a discount rate, and the general inflation rate. The value of
any plan assets is deducted from the amount of the obligation. When
the value of the plan assets exceeds the amount of the obligation, an
asset is only recognised if it represents a future economic benefit in
the form of a reduction in future contributions or a future partial
refund of amounts paid into the plan.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

The amount of the obligation under a plan, and the value of the plan
assets, may show significant fluctuations from one period to the next
due to changes in actuarial assumptions, thereby giving rise to
actuarial gains and losses. Actuarial gains and losses and the effect
of limits on assets are recognised in full in profit or loss; the
expected gains from investments are calculated at the discount rate
of the corresponding commitments.

RECOGNITION OF INCOME AND EXPENSES
Interest and fees and commissions qualified as interest are
recognised on an accrual basis on a pro rata basis. These include the
commissions charged by the Bank as part of an overall loan package
(i.e. application fees, commitment fees, participation fees, etc.). The
marginal transaction costs that the Bank must pay when granting or
acquiring loans are also spread out over the effective life of the
corresponding loan.
Fees and commissions not qualified as interest that relate to the
provision of services are recognised when the services are performed
or, for ongoing services, on a pro rata basis over the length of the
service agreement.
The acquisition costs of securities are recognised directly as
expenses.

6

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS
Foreign exchange positions are generally valued at the official
year‑end exchange rate. Exchange gains and losses on transactions
in foreign currency carried out in the normal course of business are
recognised in the income statement.
Exchange differences arising from the conversion of assets held on a
long‑term basis, including equity securities held for long‑term
investment, the capital made available to branches, and other
foreign equity investments denominated in foreign currencies and
financed in euros, are recognised as translation adjustments for the
balance sheet line items recording the assets.
Exchange differences arising from the conversion of assets held on a
long‑term basis, including equity securities held for long‑term
investment, the capital made available to branches, and other
foreign equity investments, denominated and financed in foreign
currencies, are recognised symmetrically as translation differences
for the corresponding financing.

TRANSLATION OF ACCOUNTS EXPRESSED IN
FOREIGN CURRENCIES
Monetary and non‑monetary foreign currency‑denominated assets
and liabilities of foreign branches are translated into euros at the
year‑end exchange rate. Translation adjustments regarding the
capital made available to branches outside of France are included in
“Accrued income” and “Accrued expenses”.

6

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

645

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

Note 2 NOTES TO THE 2024 INCOME STATEMENT
2.a

NET INTEREST INCOME

BNP Paribas SA includes in “Interest income” and “Interest expense”
all income and expenses from financial instruments measured at
amortised cost according to the effective interest rate method
(interest, commission and expenses) and from financial instruments
measured at fair value that do not meet the definition of a derivative

instrument. The change in fair value on financial instruments at fair
value through profit or loss (excluding accrued interest) is
recognised under “Gains (losses) on trading account securities”.
Interest income and expense on derivatives accounted for as fair
value hedges are included with the revenues generated by the
hedged item.

Year to 31 December 2024

Year to 31 December 2023

In millions of euros

Income

Expenses

Income

Expenses

Credit institutions

27,613

(17,349)

33,003

(20,543)

Demand accounts, loans and borrowings

19,211

(9,956)

26,096

(14,253)

Securities given/received under repurchase agreements

8,069

(7,393)

6,500

(6,290)

333

-

407

-

Customers

36,265

(39,306)

27,708

(32,942)

Demand accounts, loans, and term accounts

20,892

(20,965)

16,187

(18,295)

Securities given/received under repurchase agreements

15,370

(18,341)

11,516

(14,647)

Subordinated loans

3

-

5

-

Finance lease

12

-

3

-

Debt securities

292

(11,475)

217

(9,258)

Bonds and other fixed‑income securities

9,384

-

6,461

-

Trading account securities

2,118

-

1,014

-

Securities available for sale

Subordinated loans

7,215

-

5,243

-

Debt securities held to maturity

51

-

204

-

Macro‑hedging instruments

-

(1,863)

-

(1,561)

73,566

(69,993)

67,392

(64,304)

INTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSE

2.b REVENUE FROM VARIABLE INCOME SECURITIES
In millions of euros

Year to 31 December 2024

Year to 31 December 2023

Securities available for sale

136

40

Investments in subsidiaries and equity securities held for long‑term investment

378

355

Investments in affiliates

5,276

7,816

REVENUE FROM VARIABLE INCOME SECURITIES

5,790

8,211

2.c

COMMISSIONS
Year to 31 December 2024

646

Year to 31 December 2023

In millions of euros

Income

Expenses

Income

Expenses

Commissions on banking and financing transactions

3,546

(1,381)

3,086

(1,081)

Customer items

1,889

(85)

1,675

(65)

Others

1,657

(1,296)

1,411

(1,016)

Commissions on financial services

5,934

(993)

5,459

(961)

COMMISSION INCOME AND EXPENSE

9,480

(2,374)

8,545

(2,042)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

6

2.d NET GAINS ON TRADING ACCOUNT SECURITIES
In millions of euros

Year to 31 December 2024

Year to 31 December 2023

692

2,992

Currency instruments

8,039

6,031

Credit instruments

316

(1,271)

Other variable income financial instruments and transactions in trading account securities

458

1,800

9,505

9,552

Fixed‑income instruments and transactions in trading account securities

NET GAINS ON TRADING ACCOUNT SECURITIES

2.e

NET LOSSES ON SECURITIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE
Year to 31 December 2024

In millions of euros

Year to 31 December 2023

Income

Expenses

Income

Expenses

Divestments

435

(715)

256

(1,033)

Provisions

164

(1,173)

700

(151)

TOTAL

599

(1,888)

956

(1,184)

NET LOSSES ON SECURITIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE

2.f

(1,289)

(228)

COST OF RISK AND PROVISIONS FOR CREDIT RISKS

Cost of risk represents the net amount of impairment losses recognised with respect to credit risks inherent to BNP Paribas SA’s banking
intermediation activities, plus any impairment losses in the case of known counterparty risk on over‑the‑counter derivative financial
instruments.
In millions of euros

Year to 31 December 2024

Year to 31 December 2023

Additions to or write‑backs from provisions during the period

(562)

(421)

Customer items and credit institutions

(730)

(279)

Off‑balance sheet commitment

(135)

(55)

Securities

292

(92)

Doubtful loans

8

2

Financial instruments for market activities

3

3

(294)

(376)

48

49

COST OF RISK

(808)

(748)

In millions of euros

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Balance at 1 January

6,371

6,332

Additions to or write‑backs from provisions during the period

562

421

Write‑offs during the period covered by provisions

(617)

(497)

Effect of movements in exchange rates and other

13

115

6,329

6,371

Irrecoverable loans not covered by provisions
Recoveries of loans written‑off

PROVISIONS FOR DOUBTFUL RECEIVABLES OR RISKS

6

The change in the methods for estimating provisions for expected credit risks in 2024 led to the recognition of an expense of EUR 64 million in
the income statement for the year.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

647

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

The provisions break down as follows:
In millions of euros

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

5,938

6,068

33

162

5,718

5,371

For securities

164

482

For financial instruments for market activities

23

53

Provisions recognised as liabilities (note 3.k)

391

303

For off‑balance sheet commitments

360

264

For doubtful loans

31

39

6,329

6,371

Provisions deducted from assets
For amounts due from credit institutions (note 3.a)
For amounts due from customers (note 3.b)

PROVISIONS FOR DOUBTFUL RECEIVABLES OR RISKS

2.g GAINS OR LOSSES ON LONG‑TERM INVESTMENTS
Year to 31 December 2024
In millions of euros

Year to 31 December 2023

Income

Expenses

Income

Expenses

Investments in subsidiaries and equity securities held for long‑term
investment

207

(90)

153

(96)

Divestments

86

(24)

41

(9)

Provisions

121

(66)

112

(87)

Investments in affiliates

1,545

(676)

544

(1,192)

Divestments

287

(56)

358

(462)

Provisions

1,258

(620)

186

(730)

2

(69)

88

(35)

1,754

(835)

785

(1,323)

Operating assets
TOTAL
GAINS OR LOSSES ON LONG‑TERM INVESTMENTS

919

(538)

2.h CORPORATE INCOME TAX
In millions of euros

Year to 31 December 2024

Year to 31 December 2023

(1,341)

(1,077)

Deferred tax

702

394

CORPORATE INCOME TAX

(639)

(683)

Current tax expense

The basic tax consolidation agreements between BNP Paribas SA and the subsidiaries belonging to its tax group are designed to be tax neutral
for every party. Thus, each Group subsidiary recognises in its own books, over the full term of its consolidation, corporate income tax income or
expense, additional contributions and, in general, all current or future taxes covered by the scope of tax consolidation just as they would if they
were not part of a tax group. BNP Paribas SA, as the parent company, records the impact of Group tax savings from tax consolidation in France
in current tax expense.

648

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

6

Note 3 NOTES TO THE BALANCE SHEET AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
3.a

AMOUNTS DUE TO AND FROM CREDIT INSTITUTIONS

In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

192,522

152,665

7,414

6,178

180,198

140,790

Subordinated loans

4,910

5,697

Securities received under repurchase agreements

88,134

63,736

LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CREDIT INSTITUTIONS BEFORE IMPAIRMENT

280,656

216,401

2,781

2,361

Of which irrecoverable loans

-

-

Of which potentially recoverable doubtful loans

11

11

Impairments on receivables due from credit institutions (note 2.f)

(33)

(162)

280,623

216,239

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Deposits and borrowings

136,784

147,278

Demand deposits

19,758

20,380

Term deposits and borrowings(*)

117,026

126,898

Securities given under repurchase agreements

105,171

80,140

DUE TO CREDIT INSTITUTIONS

241,955

227,418

1,561

1,203

Loans and receivables
Demand accounts
Term accounts and loans

Of which accrued interest

LOANS AND RECEIVABLES TO CREDIT INSTITUTIONS NET OF IMPAIRMENT
In millions of euros, at

Of which accrued interest
(*)

6

At 31 December 2023, interbank borrowings included term loans (TLTRO III) from central banks for EUR 14 billion repaid on 27 March 2024.

3.b CUSTOMER ITEMS
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

424,134

403,526

Commercial and industrial loans

9,756

10,198

Demand accounts

17,042

16,643

Loans and receivables

Short‑term loans

137,278

133,813

Mortgages

86,574

86,213

Equipment loans

55,782

53,187

Export loans

7,035

6,110

110,014

96,524

653

838

Securities received under repurchase agreements

190,084

188,167

CUSTOMER ITEMS BEFORE IMPAIRMENT – ASSETS

614,218

591,693

Other customer loans
Subordinated loans

3,388

3,893

Of which loans eligible for refinancing by the Banque de France

Of which accrued interest

18

13

Of which potentially recoverable doubtful loans and receivables

4,982

5,680

Of which irrecoverable loans and receivables

4,510

3,757

Impairments on receivables due from customers (note 2.f)

(5,718)

(5,371)

CUSTOMER ITEMS NET OF IMPAIRMENT – ASSETS

608,500

586,322

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

649

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

The following table gives the loans and receivables net of impairment due from customers by counterparty:

In millions of euros, at

Sound loans

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Doubtful loans

Doubtful loans

Potentially
recoverable Irrecoverable

Total Sound loans

Potentially
recoverable Irrecoverable

Total

Financial institutions

80,856

83

15

80,954

73,264

388

11

73,663

Corporate clients

242,205

1,988

1,693

245,886

237,769

2,571

1,109

241,449

Entrepreneurs

5,459

1

1

5,461

3,724

2

6

3,732

Individuals

75,861

477

480

76,818

70,910

390

409

71,709

Other non‑financial customers

9,189

5

103

9,297

7,493

19

90

7,602

TOTAL LOANS AND RECEIVABLES
NET OF IMPAIRMENT

413,570

2,554

2,292

418,416

393,160

3,370

1,625

398,155

In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Deposits

668,774

638,697

Demand deposits

361,569

340,879

Term deposits

242,687

229,016

Special savings accounts

64,518

68,802

Of which demand special savings accounts

52,415

54,556

Of which share centralised with Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations(1)

(19,649)

(17,874)

Securities given under repurchase agreements

188,884

201,037

CUSTOMER ITEMS – LIABILITIES

857,658

839,734

4,465

4,201

Of which accrued interest

(1) Regulation No. 2020‑10 of 22 December 2020, which amends ANC Regulation No. 2014‑07 allows the presentation of the centralised share with the Caisse
des Dépôts et Consignations to be presented less the savings deposits collected.
As of 31 December 2024, the amount of regulated savings centralised with the Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations amounted to EUR 19,649 million,
compared to EUR 17,874 million at 31 December 2023.

650

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

3.c

6

SECURITIES HELD
31 December 2023

31 December 2024
In millions of euros, at

Net carrying amount

Market value

Net carrying amount

Market value

Transaction

80,658

80,658

82,762

82,762

Securities available for sale

87,572

90,724

71,643

72,416

Of which provisions

(941)

-

(370)

-

Investments

4,248

4,248

4,763

4,763

TREASURY BILLS AND MONEY‑MARKET INSTRUMENTS

172,478

175,630

159,168

159,941

Of which receivables corresponding to loaned securities

40,746

-

28,641

-

Of which discounts and reimbursement premiums

3,802

-

4,105

-

Transaction

42,111

42,111

32,853

32,853

Securities available for sale

134,061

136,864

107,601

108,279

(722)

-

(655)

-

43

43

22

22

BONDS AND OTHER FIXED‑INCOME SECURITIES

176,215

179,018

140,476

141,154

Of which unlisted securities

44,420

45,489

41,140

41,869

Of which accrued interest

2,675

-

1,809

-

Of which receivables corresponding to loaned securities

10,228

-

12,581

-

Of which discounts and reimbursement premiums

(636)

-

(405)

-

688

688

279

279

Securities available for sale and equity securities available for
sale in the medium term

2,522

3,220

2,077

2,677

Of which provisions

(468)

-

(409)

-

EQUITIES AND OTHER VARIABLE‑INCOME SECURITIES

3,210

3,908

2,356

2,956

Of which unlisted securities

2,316

3,000

1,821

2,396

9

-

6

-

Associated companies

3,522

6,502

3,595

5,729

Of which provisions

(196)

Of which provisions
Investments

Transaction

Of which receivables corresponding to loaned securities

6

(262)

Equity securities held for long‑term investment

398

707

411

695

Of which provisions

(61)

-

(45)

-

INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES AND EQUITY SECURITIES
HELD FOR LONG‑TERM INVESTMENT

3,920

7,209

4,006

6,424

Of which unlisted securities

1,986

3,558

1,918

3,300

Investments in affiliates

50,804

80,383

48,654

78,220

Of which provisions

(8,404)

-

(9,410)

-

INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES

50,804

80,383

48,654

78,220

Equity investments in credit institutions and investments in affiliates held by BNP Paribas SA totalled EUR 1,943 million and EUR 31,990 million
respectively as at 31 December 2024, compared with EUR 1,495 million and EUR 30,614 million respectively as at 31 December 2023.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

651

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

Borrowed securities held by BNP Paribas SA break down as follows:
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Treasury bills and money‑market instruments

116,229

107,951

Bonds and other fixed‑income securities

33,212

27,318

Equities and other variable‑income securities

11,417

11,265

TOTAL BORROWED SECURITIES

160,858

146,534

Following Regulation No. 2020‑10 of 22 December 2020, which amended ANC Regulation No. 2014‑07, borrowed securities are presented as a
deduction from the liabilities representing these same securities. The amount of securities borrowed represented EUR 160,858 million as at
31 December 2024, compared with EUR 146,534 million as at 31 December 2023.

3.d TREASURY SHARES
31 December 2024
In millions of euros, at

Gross book value

Net carrying amount

Net carrying amount

Transaction

-

-

-

Securities available for sale

6

6

6

Investment in subsidiaries

32

32

32

TREASURY SHARES

38

38

38

In application of the fifth resolution of the Shareholders’ Combined
General Meeting of 14 May 2024, which replaced the fifth resolution
of the Shareholders’ Combined General Meeting of 16 May 2023,
BNP Paribas SA was authorised to buy back shares representing up
to 10% of BNP Paribas SA’s issued capital at a maximum purchase
price of EUR 96 per share (previously EUR 89). The shares could be
acquired for the following purposes: for subsequent cancellation in
accordance with conditions set by the Shareholders’ Combined
General Meeting of 14 May 2024, to fulfil the Bank’s obligations
relative to the issue of shares or share equivalents, for stock option
plans, for bonus share awards, or for granting or selling shares to
employees under an employee profit‑sharing plan, employee share
ownership plan or Corporate Savings Plan and to cover any type of
share award to the employees of BNP Paribas SA and companies
controlled exclusively by BNP Paribas SA within the meaning of
article L.233‑16 of the French Commercial Code; to be held in

652

31 December 2023

treasury for subsequent remittance in exchange or in payment for
acquisitions, mergers, spin‑offs or asset transfers; within the scope of
a market‑making agreement compliant with the Code of Ethics
recognised by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (French Financial
Markets Authority – AMF); or for asset and financial management
purposes.
This authorisation was granted for a period of eighteen months.
At 31 December 2024, BNP Paribas SA held 603,827 treasury shares
classified as “equity securities held for long‑term investment”.
BNP Paribas SA also held 118,144 treasury shares classified as
“Securities available for sale” and intended to be used for free share
awards to Group employees, granted or sold as part of an employee
profit‑sharing plan, employee share ownership plan, or Company
Savings Plan.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

3.e

LONG‑TERM INVESTMENTS
Gross values

In millions of euros

Provisions

Disposals Transfers and
and
other
1 Jan. 2024 Acquisitions redemptions movements

Carrying amount

31 Dec.
2024

1 Jan. 2024

Additions

Write
‑backs

Other
variations

31 Dec.
2024

31 Dec.
2024

31 Dec.
2023

Debt securities held to
maturity (note 3.c)

4,785

86

(610)

30

4,291

-

-

-

-

-

4,291

4,785

Investments in subsidiaries
and equity securities held for
long‑term investment (note
3.c)

4,313

716

(780)

(72)

4,177

307

65

(117)

2

257

3,920

4,006

Investments in affiliates
(note 3.c)

58,064

1,255

(615)

504

59,208

9,410

254

(1,263)

3

8,404

50,804

48,654

Of which merger premium
on investments in affiliates

4,258

-

-

-

4,258

3,384

-

(382)

-

3,002

1,256

874

Treasury shares (note 3.d)

32

-

-

-

32

-

-

-

-

-

32

32

LONG‑TERM INVESTMENTS

67,194

2,057

(2,005)

462

67,708

9,717

319

(1,380)

5

8,661

59,047

57,477

3.f

6

DEBT SECURITIES

In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

174,942

157,120

Bond issues (note 3.g)

2,722

2,312

Other debt securities

25,437

21,001

DEBT SECURITIES

203,101

180,433

913

780

Negotiable debt securities

Of which unamortised issuance premiums

3.g BOND ISSUES
At 31 December 2024, the maturity schedule of the bonds issued by BNP Paribas SA, according to the clauses of the issuance contracts, was as
follows:
In millions of euros

Bond issues

Outstanding at
31/12/2024

2025

2026

2027

2028

2029

2030 to 2034

After 2034

2,722

145

230

352

542

385

706

362

6

At 31 December 2023, the maturity schedule of the bonds issued by BNP Paribas SA, according to the clauses of the issuance contracts, was as
follows:
In millions of euros

Bond issues

Outstanding at
31/12/2023

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028

2029 to 2033

After 2033

2,312

215

222

174

156

454

720

371

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

653

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

3.h OTHER ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Options purchased

67,519

46,038

Settlement accounts related to securities transactions

2,037

2,323

Deferred taxes – assets

1,672

1,150

Miscellaneous assets(**)

137,308

139,666

OTHER ASSETS

208,536

189,177

Options sold

78,816

55,487

Settlement accounts related to securities transactions

1,024

1,897

Liabilities related to securities transactions(*)

50,448

64,731

146

277

Miscellaneous liabilities

102,710

108,454

OTHER LIABILITIES

233,144

230,846

Deferred taxes – liabilities

Further to Regulation No. 2020‑10 of 22 December 2020, the borrowed securities are presented as a deduction from the liabilities representing these same
securities (see note 3.c).
At 31 December 2024, an allocation correction was made for EUR 789 million between “Miscellaneous Assets” and “Provisions” following a parameterisation error
identified and corrected in 2024.

(*)
(**)

Under “Miscellaneous liabilities”, BNP Paribas SA’s trade payables amounted to EUR 177.2 million at 31 December 2024, for the company in
France and its three branches with the largest supplier debts, and break down as follows, pursuant to article D.441‑6 of the French Commercial
Code.

Invoices received, due and outstanding at the year‑end
0 days
(indicative)

1 to 30 days

31 to 60 days

Total invoices concerned, including taxes

98.9

10.6

5.3

50.0

12.4

78.3

Percentage of total purchases for the year, including
taxes

2.33%

0.25%

0.13%

1.18%

0.29%

1.85%

Number of invoices concerned

61 to 90 days 91 days and over

415

Total (1 day and more)

3,802

Information related to invoices received and presented in the table above does not include banking and related transactions. The payment
terms used are the statutory terms. Customer advances outside the scope of banking and related transactions are mainly loans to BNP Paribas
Group entities. For amounts due to and from customers of BNP Paribas SA for banking and related transactions which are not shown in the table
above, the remaining term of the sources and uses of funds is presented in note 6.e.

3.i

ACCRUED INCOME AND EXPENSES

In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

111,362

104,130

5,000

5,767

51

99

Other accrued income

16,467

16,339

ACCRUED INCOME – ASSETS

132,880

126,335

Remeasurement of currency instruments and derivatives

100,959

95,676

Remeasurement of currency instruments and derivatives
Accrued income
Collection accounts

654

Accrued expenses

9,410

6,293

Collection accounts

2,325

2,403

Other accrued expenses

12,332

10,749

ACCRUED EXPENSES – LIABILITIES

125,026

115,121

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

3.j

OPERATING ASSETS
31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Gross value

Depreciation,
amortisation and
impairment

Software

4,400

(3,563)

837

822

Other intangible assets

3,576

(1,767)

1,809

1,813

INTANGIBLE ASSETS

7,976

(5,330)

2,646

2,635

Land and buildings

2,463

(1,027)

1,436

1,463

Equipment, furniture and fixtures

2,525

(2,058)

467

487

Other fixed assets

145

(11)

134

91

Tangible assets – Merger premium

84

(34)

50

52

5,217

(3,130)

2,087

2,093

In millions of euros, at

TANGIBLE ASSETS

3.k

6

Net amount

Net amount

PROVISIONS
31 December 2023

Additions

Write‑backs

Other variations

31 December 2024

Provisions for employee benefit obligations

433

72

(100)

18

423

Provisions for credit risks (note 2.f)

39

7

(16)

1

31

Provisions for commitments given (note 2.f)

264

240

(103)

(41)

360

484

492

(84)

(51)

841

770

149

(454)

799

1,264

1,990

960

(757)

726

2,919

In millions of euros, at

Other provisions
■ for banking transactions
■

for non‑banking transactions(*)

PROVISIONS
(*)

At 31 December 2024, an allocation correction was made for EUR 789 million between “Other Assets” and “Provisions” following a parameterisation error
identified and corrected in 2024.

6

PROVISIONS FOR RISKS ON REGULATED SAVINGS PRODUCTS
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Deposits collected under home savings accounts and plans

12,516

14,477

Of which loans granted under home savings plans

10,420

12,334

■ aged more than 10 years

7,076

6,645

■ aged between 4 and 10 years

2,587

4,886

757

803

Outstanding loans granted under home savings accounts and plans

19

7

Of which for home savings plans

14

2

Provisions and discount recognised for home savings accounts and plans

35

48

Of which discount on home savings accounts and plans

-

-

Of which provisions recognised for home savings plans

24

33

■ of which provisions for plans aged more than 10 years

20

14

■ of which provisions for plans aged between 4 and 10 years

3

16

■ of which provisions for plans aged less than 4 years

1

3

Of which provisions recognised for home savings accounts

11

15

■ aged less than 4 years

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

655

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

CHANGE IN PROVISIONS FOR REGULATED SAVINGS PRODUCTS
Year to 31 December 2024
In millions of euros

Year to 31 December 2023

Provisions for home savings Provisions for home savings Provisions for home savings Provisions for home savings
plans
accounts
plans
accounts

Provisions at start of period

33

15

42

5

Additions to provisions during the period

-

-

-

10

Provisions write‑backs during the period

(9)

(4)

(9)

-

Provisions at end of period

24

11

33

15

3.l

SUBORDINATED DEBT

In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Redeemable subordinated debt

15,007

15,801

Undated subordinated debt

17,096

15,575

Undated super subordinated notes

12,754

13,490

Undated subordinated notes

4,117

1,860

Participating securities

225

225

Related debt

599

506

32,702

31,882

SUBORDINATED DEBT

Redeemable subordinated debt
The redeemable subordinated debt issued by BNP Paribas SA is in
the form of medium and long‑term debt securities equivalent to
ordinary subordinated debt; these issues are redeemable prior to the
contractual maturity date in the event of liquidation of the issuer,
and rank after the other creditors but before holders of participating
loans and participating subordinated notes.
These debt issues may contain a call provision authorising the Group
to redeem the securities prior to maturity by repurchasing them in
the stock market, via a public tender or exchange offers, or (in the
case of private placements) over the counter, subject to regulatory
approval.
Debt issued by BNP Paribas SA via placements in the international
markets may be subject to early redemption of the capital and early

payment of interest due at maturity at the issuer’s discretion on or
after a date stipulated in the issue particulars (call option), or in the
event that changes in the applicable tax rules oblige the BNP Paribas
Group issuer to compensate debt‑holders for the consequences of
such changes. Redemption may be subject to a notice period of
between 15 and 60 days, and is in all cases subject to approval by
the banking supervisory authorities.
In 2023, five subordinated debt issues were repaid at or before
maturity. These transactions resulted in a EUR 411 million reduction
in the amount of redeemable subordinated debt.
In 2024, three subordinated debt issues were repaid at or before
maturity. This transaction resulted in a EUR 1,098 million reduction
in the amount of redeemable subordinated debt.

The following table gives the maturity schedule for redeemable subordinated debt at 31 December 2024:
In millions of euros

Redeemable subordinated debt

Outstanding
at 31/12/2024

2025

2026

2027

2028

15,007

2,756

2,782

2,763

193

2029 2030 to 2034
-

After 2034

5,974

539

2028 2029 to 2033

After 2033

The following table gives the maturity schedule for redeemable subordinated debt at 31 December 2023:
In millions of euros

Redeemable subordinated debt

656

Outstanding
at 31/12/2023

2024

2025

2026

2027

15,801

906

2,706

2,709

2,674

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

181

5,893

732

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

Undated subordinated debt

6

On 28 February 2023, BNP Paribas SA issued undated super
subordinated notes in the amount of SGD 600 million. This issue
pays a fixed‑rate coupon of 5.9%. These notes could be redeemed at
the end of a period of 5 years. If not redeemed in 2028, a coupon will
be paid semi‑annually indexed to the rate of the Singapore Treasury
bill with a constant five‑year maturity (SORA rate).

Undated super subordinated notes
BNP Paribas SA has issued undated super subordinated notes which
pay a fixed, fixed adjustable or floating‑rate coupon and are
redeemable at the end of a fixed period and thereafter at each
coupon date or every 5 years.

On 25 March 2024, BNP Paribas SA redeemed the March 2019 issue
for an amount of USD 1,500 million, at its first call date. This issue
paid a 6.625% fixed‑rate coupon.

On 11 January 2023, BNP Paribas SA issued undated super
subordinated notes in the amount of EUR 1,250 million. This issue
pays a fixed‑rate coupon of 7.375%. These notes could be redeemed
at the end of a period of 7 years. If the notes are not redeemed in
2030, a mid‑swap rate EUR five‑year coupon will be paid half‑yearly.
The following table summarises the characteristics of these various issues:

Amount in
original
currency
Issue date

Currency

(in millions)

Coupon
frequency

Rate and term before
first call date

Rate after first call date

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

August 2015

USD

1,500 semi‑annual

7.375%

10 years

USD 5‑year swap +5.150%

1,449

1,360

November 2017

USD

750 semi‑annual

5.125%

10 years

USD 5‑year swap +2.838%

724

679

August 2018

USD

750 semi‑annual

7.000%

10 years

USD 5‑year swap +3.980%

724

679

March 2019

USD

1,500 semi‑annual

6.625%

5 years

USD 5‑year swap +4.149%

-

1,359

July 2019

AUD

300 semi‑annual

4.500%

5.5 years

AUD 5‑year swap +3.372%

179

185

February 2020

USD

1,750 semi‑annual

4.500%

10 years

US CMT 5 years +2.944%

1,690

1,585

February 2021

USD

1,250 semi‑annual

4.625%

10 years

US CMT 5 years +3.340%

1,207

1,132

January 2022

USD

1,250 semi‑annual

4.625%

5 years

US CMT 5 years +3.196%

1,207

1,132

August 2022

USD

2,000 semi‑annual

7.750%

7 years

US CMT 5 years +4.899%

1,932

1,811

September 2022

EUR

1,000 semi‑annual

6.875% 7.25 years

EUR 5‑year mid‑swap +4.645%

1,000

1,000

November 2022

USD

1,000 semi‑annual

9.250%

5 years

US CMT 5 years +4.969%

966

906

January 2023

EUR

1,250 semi‑annual

7.375%

7 years

EUR 5‑year mid‑swap +4.631%

1,250

1,250

February 2023

SGD

600 semi‑annual

5.900%

5 years

SGD SORA 5 years +2.674%

426

412

12,754

13,490

UNDATED SUPER SUBORDINATED NOTES

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

6

657

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

The contracts relating to these undated super subordinated notes
contain a loss absorption clause. Under the terms of this clause, in
the event of insufficient regulatory capital, the nominal value of the
notes may be reduced in order to serve as a new basis for the
calculation of the related coupons until the capital deficiency is
made up and the nominal value of the notes is increased to its
original amount.

BNP Paribas has the option of not paying interest due on these
undated super subordinated notes. Unpaid interest is not carried
forward.
For the notes issued before 2015, this non‑payment is subject to the
absence of any payment on BNP Paribas SA ordinary shares or on
undated super subordinated note equivalents in the previous year.
This interest must be paid when dividends are paid on BNP Paribas
SA’s ordinary shares.

Undated subordinated notes
The undated subordinated notes (TSDIs) issued by BNP Paribas SA
are redeemable on liquidation of the Bank after repayment of all
other debts but ahead of undated participating subordinated notes.
They confer no rights over residual assets.

Characteristics of undated subordinated notes:

Issue date

Amount in original
Currency currency (in millions)

Rate

Date of call or interest
step‑up

Interest rate reset

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

October 1985

EUR

305

TMO - 0.25%

-

-

254

254

September 1986

USD

500

6‑month Libor +0.075%

-

-

-

248

August 2023

USD

1,500

8.500%

August 2028

CMT ±4.354%

1,449

1,358

February 2024

USD

1,500

8,000%

August 2031

CMT +3.727%

1,449

-

September 2024

USD

1,000

7.375% September 2034

CMT +3.535%

965

-

4,117

1,860

UNDATED SUBORDINATED NOTES

658

Payment of interest is obligatory on the TSDIs issued in October 1985
(representing a nominal amount of EUR 305 million), but the Board
of directors may postpone interest payments if the Ordinary General
Meeting of Shareholders notes that there is no income available for
distribution in the twelve months preceding the interest payment
date. Interest payments are cumulative and are payable in full once
dividend payments resume.

The instruments issued by BNP Paribas SA in August 2023, February
and September 2024 are contingent convertible securities recorded
for accounting purposes as TSDIs. Payment of the interest is made
on a discretionary basis and may be cancelled in full or in part upon
notification by the regulator based on its assessment of the issuer’s
financial and solvency situation. The amounts of interest on the
bonds will not be cumulative once coupon payments resume.

Payment of interest is obligatory on the TSDIs issued in September
1986 (representing a nominal amount of USD 500 million), but the
Board of directors may postpone interest payments if the Ordinary
General Meeting of Shareholders approves a decision not to pay a
dividend in the twelve months preceding the interest payment date.
Interest payments are cumulative and are payable in full once
dividend payments resume. The Bank has the option of resuming
payment of interest arrears, even where no dividend is paid out. This
instrument was recalled on its contractual call date on 28 March
2024.

Participating securities
Undated participating subordinated notes issued by BNP Paribas SA
in July 1984 in a total amount of EUR 337 million are redeemable
only in the event of the liquidation of BNP Paribas SA, but may be
bought back on the terms specified in the French act of 3 January
1983. The number of notes in circulation was 1,434,092 at 31
December 2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

6

Note 4 FINANCING, GUARANTEE AND SECURITIES COMMITMENTS
4.a

FINANCING COMMITMENTS

In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Credit institutions

74,394

82,330

Customers

370,180

365,026

Confirmed letters of credit

103,716

87,886

Other commitments given to customers

266,464

277,140

FINANCING COMMITMENTS GIVEN

444,574

447,356

Credit institutions

88,475

124,938

Customers

33,224

53,909

FINANCING COMMITMENTS RECEIVED

121,699

178,847

In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Credit institutions

86,634

85,324

Customers

126,263

126,449

GUARANTEE COMMITMENTS GIVEN

212,897

211,773

Credit institutions

85,962

92,230

4.b GUARANTEE AND SECURITIES COMMITMENTS

Customers

227,350

230,792

GUARANTEE COMMITMENTS RECEIVED

313,312

323,022

BNP Paribas SA’s annual contribution to the European Union’s Single
Resolution Fund may be made, in part, in the form of an irrevocable
payment commitment (IPC) guaranteed by a cash deposit of the
same amount. If the fund is called into play as part of a resolution
measure, the Single Resolution Board (SRB) may call all or part of
the IPC received.
The irrevocable payment commitment is qualified as a contingent
liability. It gives rise to provisioning if the probability of a call by the

In millions of euros, at

fund becomes greater than 50%. As it is estimated to be below this
threshold, no provision was recorded by BNP Paribas SA at
31 December 2024.

6

These commitments amounted to EUR 948 million at 31 December
2024 (versus EUR 946 million at 31 December 2023).
The cash paid as collateral is subject to a remuneration and is
recognised as an asset at amortised cost, within the line “other
miscellaneous assets” (see note 3.h).

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

COMMITMENTS GIVEN ON SECURITIES

36,125

51,108

COMMITMENTS RECEIVED ON SECURITIES

46,722

54,234

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

659

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

4.c

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS GIVEN OR RECEIVED AS COLLATERAL

Financial instruments given as collateral
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Financial instruments (negotiable securities and private receivables) lodged with central banks
and eligible for use at any time as collateral for refinancing transactions after haircut

55,509

66,096

■ Used as collateral with central banks

1,244

14,832

■ Available for refinancing transactions

54,265

51,264

Other financial assets pledged as collateral for transactions with credit institutions, financial
customers or subscribers of covered bonds issued by the Group

339,193

271,709

As at 31 December 2024, the Bank had EUR 55,509 million of
financial instruments (negotiable securities and private receivables)
deposited or pledged with central banks for use at any time as
collateral for refinancing transactions (versus EUR 66,096 million as
at 31 December 2023). This amount includes EUR 40,846 million
deposited with the Banque de France (versus EUR 57,106 million at
31 December 2023) under the Banque de France’s Comprehensive
Collateral Management system to cover Eurosystem monetary policy

transactions and intraday loans. As at 31 December 2024, the Bank
had EUR 1,244 million of collateral deposited with central banks
(EUR 14,832 million as at 31 December 2023).
The other assets that the Bank has pledged as collateral with credit
institutions and financial customers totalled EUR 41,770 million at
31 December 2024 (versus EUR 41,715 million at 31 December
2023), included in particular financing for BNP Paribas Home Loan
SFH.

Financial instruments received as collateral
In millions of euros, at

Financial instruments received as collateral (excluding repurchase agreements)

660

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

292,539

205,568

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

6

Note 5 SALARIES AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
5.a

SALARIES AND EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSE

In millions of euros

Year to 31 December 2024

Year to 31 December 2023

Salaries

(6,322)

(6,190)

Tax and social security charges(1)

(2,214)

(2,283)

Employee profit‑sharing and incentive plans

(324)

(292)

(8,860)

(8,765)

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

BNP Paribas Metropolitan France

36,710

36,833

Of which managers

28,972

30,094

Employees outside Metropolitan France

28,750

28,014

TOTAL BNP PARIBAS SA

65,460

64,847

TOTAL SALARIES AND EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
(1) Including the remeasurement of actuarial effects on post‑employment benefits.

BNP Paribas SA’s headcount breaks down as follows:

Headcount at

Compensation paid to directors in respect of
their term of office in 2024

agreement. Under this plan, employees will receive an annuity on
retirement in addition to the pension paid by nationwide schemes.

The amount of compensation paid to the Company’s directors in
respect of their office during 2024 was EUR 1.85 million.

Since defined‑benefit plans have been closed to new employees in
most countries outside France, they are offered the benefit of
defined‑contribution pension plans.

Compensation awarded to corporate officers in
respect of 2024

The amount paid into defined‑contribution post‑employment plans in
France and other countries for the year 2024 was EUR 426 million,
compared with EUR 407 million for the year 2023.

The compensation awarded in 2024 to corporate officers
(Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé, Yann Gérardin and Thierry Laborde)
amounted to EUR 10.9 million.

5.b SOCIAL COMMITMENTS
Two categories of systems exist within the Group, each treated
differently according to the risk borne by the Company. When the
entity is only committed to paying a fixed amount, stated as a
percentage of the beneficiary’s annual salary, for example, to an
external entity handling payment of the benefits based on the assets
available for each plan member, it is described as a
defined‑contribution plan. Conversely, when the entity’s obligation is
to manage the financial assets funded through the collection of
contributions from employees and to bear the cost of benefits itself
or to guarantee the final amount subject to future events, it is
described as a defined‑benefit plan. The same applies if the entity
entrusts management of the collection of premiums and payment of
benefits to a separate entity but retains the risk arising from
management of the assets and/or from future changes in the
benefits.

Defined‑contribution plans
In France, BNP Paribas SA pays contributions to various nationwide
basic and top‑up pension plans. BNP Paribas SA has set up a
defined‑contribution pension plan under a company‑wide

Defined‑benefit plans

6

Existing legacy defined‑benefit plans within BNP Paribas SA are
valued independently using actuarial techniques by applying the
projected unit cost method in order to determine the expense arising
from rights vested in employees and benefits payable to retired
employees. The demographic and financial assumptions used to
estimate the present value of these obligations and of plan assets
take into account economic conditions specific to each country.
Provisions set up to cover obligations under defined‑benefit
post‑employment plans totalled EUR 96 million at 31 December
2024 (against EUR 106 million at 31 December 2023), comprised of
EUR 42 million for French plans and EUR 54 million for other plans.
EUR 551 million of retirement plan assets (recognised surplus) were
recognised at 31 December 2024 as compared to EUR 508 million at
31 December 2023.

Pension plans and other retirement benefits
Pension plans
In France, BNP Paribas pays a top‑up banking industry pension
arising from rights acquired to 31 December 1993 by retired
employees and active employees in service at that date. The Group’s
residual obligations for these employees were recognised on the
balance sheet in full.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

661

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

The defined‑benefit plans previously granted to some Group senior
managers have all been closed to new employees and converted into
top‑up type schemes. The amounts allocated to residual
beneficiaries, subject to their presence within the Group at
retirement, were fixed when these schemes were closed. These
pension plans have been outsourced to insurance companies. The
market value of the related plan assets in these companies’ balance
sheets breaks down as 77% bonds, 12% equities, 9% property assets
and 2% other financial instruments.
In BNP Paribas SA’s foreign branches, pension plans are based either
on pensions linked to the employee’s final salary and length of
service (United Kingdom), or on annual vesting of rights to a capital
sum expressed as a percentage of annual salary and remunerated at
a predefined rate (United States).
Some plans are managed by independent fund managers. At
31 December 2024, 85% of the gross obligations under these plans
related to plans in the United Kingdom, the United States and the
Netherlands. The market value of the related plan assets was split
as follows: 81% bonds, 7% equities, and 12% other financial
instruments.
Other post‑employment benefits
BNP Paribas SA employees also receive various other contractual
post‑employment benefits, such as indemnities payable on
retirement. In France, the obligations for these benefits are funded
through a contract held with an insurer that is independent from
BNP Paribas SA.

Post‑employment healthcare benefits
In France, BNP Paribas SA no longer has any obligation in relation to
healthcare benefits for its retired employees.
Among BNP Paribas SA’s foreign branches, there are several
healthcare benefit plans for retired employees, mainly in Canada
and Portugal. Provisions for obligations under these plans amounted
to EUR 17 million at 31 December 2024, compared to EUR 15 million
at 31 December 2023.
Obligations under post‑employment healthcare benefit plans are
measured using the mortality tables applicable in each country and
assumptions about trends in healthcare costs. They also build in
assumptions about healthcare benefit costs, including forecast
trends in the cost of healthcare services and in inflation, which are
derived from historical data.

Provision for voluntary departure, early
retirement plans, and headcount adaptation
plans
The Bank has implemented a number of voluntary redundancy plans
and a headcount adaptation plan for employees who meet certain
eligibility criteria. The obligations to eligible active employees under
such plans are provided for when the plan is the subject of an
agreement or a bilateral draft agreement.
Provisions for these plans totalled EUR 48 million at 31 December
2024 (EUR 41 million at 31 December 2023).

In millions of euros, at

Provision for voluntary departure, early retirement plans, and headcount adaptation plans

662

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

48

41

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

6

Note 6 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
6.a

TRANSACTIONS IN SHARE CAPITAL

Resolutions of Shareholders’ Annual General Meetings that can be used during the year are presented in chapter 2 Corporate governance report
of the Universal registration document.

Par value

Date from
Date of
which shares
authorisation by
the Annual General Date of decision by carry dividend
rights
Meeting Board of directors
In euros

In number

(in euros)

NUMBER OF SHARES ISSUED AT 31 DECEMBER 2022

1,234,331,646

2

2,468,663,292

Capital reduction by cancellation of shares

(60,914,757)

2

(121,829,514)

(1)

(1) 27 Sept. 23

Capital reduction by cancellation of shares

(6,238,000)

2

(12,476,000)

(1)

(1) 11 Oct. 23

Capital reduction by cancellation of shares

(2,491,000)

2

(4,982,000)

(1)

(1) 23 Oct. 23

Capital reduction by cancellation of shares

(3,744,000)

2

(7,488,000)

(1)

(1) 27 Oct. 23

Capital reduction by cancellation of shares

(4,333,000)

2

(8,666,000)

(1)

(1) 06 Nov. 23

Capital reduction by cancellation of shares

(4,449,000)

2

(8,898,000)

(1)

(1) 13 Nov. 23

Capital reduction by cancellation of shares

(4,684,480)

2

(9,368,960)

(1)

(1) 17 Nov. 23

NUMBER OF SHARES ISSUED AT 31 DECEMBER 2023

1,147,477,409

2

2,294,954,818

Capital reduction by cancellation of shares

(16,666,738)

2

(33,333,476)

(1)

(1) 06 May 24

NUMBER OF SHARES ISSUED AT 31 DECEMBER 2024

1,130,810,671

2

2,261,621,342

Operations affecting share capital

(1) Various resolutions passed by the Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting and decisions of the Board of directors authorising the allocation of stock
options exercised during the period.

6.b STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY BETWEEN 31 DECEMBER 2022 AND
31 DECEMBER 2024
In millions of euros

SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AT 31 DECEMBER 2022

Additional paid‑in
capital and other
premiums
Share capital
2,469

22,374

Legal reserve

Net income for the
period

Other reserves

Total shareholders’
equity

270

8,033

50,720

83,866

(8,033)

3,289

(4,744)

Dividend payout for 2022
Capital decrease (by cancellation of shares)

(174)

(4,809)

(17)

(5,000)

Other variations

1

1

Accelerated depreciation

(1)

(1)

Net income for 2023
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AT 31 DECEMBER 2023

9,620
2,295

17,565

253

Dividend payout for 2023
Capital decrease (by cancellation of shares)

(33)

(1,018)

9,620

9,620

54,009

83,742

(9,620)

4,422

(5,198)

(3)

(1,055)

Other variations

(1)

Accelerated depreciation

1

Net income for 2024
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AT 31 DECEMBER 2024

9,560
2,262

16,547

250

6

9,560

1
9,560

58,431

87,050

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

663

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

6.c

NOTIONAL AMOUNTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The notional amounts of derivative financial instruments are merely an indication of the volume of BNP Paribas SA’s activities in financial
instrument markets, and do not reflect the market risks associated with such instruments.

Trading portfolio
In millions of euros, at

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Currency derivatives

11,229,730

9,387,120

Interest rate derivatives

24,557,939

22,922,988

Equity derivatives

1,819,508

1,396,282

Credit derivatives

950,539

864,441

Other derivatives

185,606

205,969

38,743,322

34,776,800

FORWARD FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS IN THE TRADING PORTFOLIO

Financial instruments traded on organised markets or admitted to clearing houses accounted for 45% of the Bank’s derivatives transactions at
31 December 2024 (compared with 43% at 31 December 2023).

Hedging strategy

Market value

The total notional amount of derivative financial instruments used
for hedging purposes stood at EUR 1,194,777 million at 31 December
2024, compared with EUR 1,057,833 million at 31 December 2023.

The market value of the Bank’s positive net position on outright
transactions was EUR 3,740 million at 31 December 2024, compared
with a negative net position of EUR 263 million at 31 December
2023. The market value of the Bank’s net short position on
conditional transactions was valued at EUR 9,037 million at
31 December 2024, compared with a net short position of EUR 8,301
million at 31 December 2023.

Derivatives used for hedging purposes are primarily contracted on
over‑the‑counter markets.

6.d SEGMENT INFORMATION
The following table gives a regional breakdown of BNP Paribas SA’s interbank transactions and customer transactions recognised on the balance
sheet:

Interbank transactions
In millions of euros, at

Customer items

Total by region

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

France

389,677

421,028

330,217

342,023

719,894

763,051

Other countries in the European Economic Area

79,024

78,537

95,407

92,219

174,431

170,756

Countries in the Americas and Asia

125,647

109,234

180,485

149,537

306,132

258,771

1,608

1,606

2,391

2,543

3,999

4,149

TOTAL USES OF FUNDS

595,956

610,405

608,500

586,322

1,204,456

1,196,727

France

169,311

156,173

357,589

378,100

526,900

534,273

Other countries in the European Economic Area

44,013

48,425

225,026

208,750

269,039

257,175

Countries in the Americas and Asia

28,545

23,540

270,110

244,788

298,655

268,328

Other countries

1,323

610

4,933

8,096

6,256

8,706

243,192

228,748

857,658

839,734

1,100,850

1,068,482

Other countries

TOTAL SOURCES OF FUNDS

76% of BNP Paribas SA’s revenues in 2024 came from counterparties in the European Economic Area (82% in 2023).

664

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

6.e

6

SCHEDULE OF USES AND SOURCES OF FUNDS
Term remaining

Demand and
overnight
transactions

Up to 3 months

3 months to
1 year

1 to 5 years

More than 5
years

Of which
provisions

Total

142,200

655

-

-

-

-

142,855

190

8,936

8,977

60,223

94,152

(941)

172,478

Due from credit institutions

44,582

115,002

56,795

52,575

11,669

(33)

280,623

Customer and leasing transactions

28,861

229,218

67,385

147,037

135,999

(5,718)

608,500

Bonds and other fixed‑income securities

2,956

11,362

11,052

65,545

85,300

(722)

176,215

Amounts due to credit institutions and
central banks and CCP

64,622

127,792

8,039

36,903

5,836

-

243,192

Customer items

489,013

275,701

71,554

15,764

5,626

-

857,658

Debt securities

1,005

45,943

20,592

67,157

68,404

-

203,101

In millions of euros

Uses of funds
Cash and amounts due from central banks
and CCP
Treasury bills and money‑market
instruments

Sources of funds

6.f

NON‑COOPERATIVE STATES AND TERRITORIES

Authorisation from the Group’s Compliance Department must be obtained through a special procedure before BNP Paribas SA or Group
subsidiaries that report to BNP Paribas SA can open a location in a State considered “non‑cooperative” as defined by article 238‑O A of the French
General Tax Code and the Order issued on 16 February 2024 amending the list of non‑cooperative States. In accordance with BNP Paribas’ “best
interests” ethics principle, and to ensure that the Group’s internal control mechanisms are applied consistently, these locations are subject to the
Group’s regulations on Risk Management, anti‑money laundering, corruption, financial embargoes, and terrorism financing.

Company name

Ownership interest
(%)

Legal form

Business activity

100

Joint‑stock Company

Banking activity extremely reduced and limited
to handling transactions in stock for a very
small number of legacy international clients

99.94

Limited Liability Company

Vehicle rental

6

Russia

BNPP Bank JSC
Arval LLC

6.g APPROPRIATION OF INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
AND DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
At the Annual General Meeting of 13 May 2025, the Board of directors will propose an appropriation of net income for the year ended
31 December 2024 and dividend distribution under the following terms:

In millions of euros

Net income

9,560

Unappropriated retained earnings

42,076

TOTAL TO BE APPROPRIATED

51,636

Dividend

5,417

Retained earnings

46,219

TOTAL APPROPRIATED INCOME

51,636

The total proposed dividend is EUR 5,417 million, which corresponds to EUR 4.79 per share (with a par value of EUR 2.00) based on the number
of existing shares at 31 December 2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

665

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

6.h MAIN SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES OF BNP PARIBAS SA
Reserves and
retained
earnings
before
Last
NBI or
income published Revenue
Share capital appropriation net income excl. Tax(**)
Name

Siren

Currency

Reserves
and retained
earnings
before
Percent of
income
Last
NBI or
share
Share appropria published Revenue
capital
capital
-tion net income excl. Tax(**)
held
In millions of euros(*)

In millions of foreign currency

in %

Ref.

BNP Paribas SA (Siren 662 042 449) is the parent company of all subsidiaries and associated companies
I – Detailed information about subsidiaries and associated companies whose book value exceeds 1% of BNP Paribas SA’s share capital
1. Subsidiaries (more than 50% owned)
Banca Nazionale Del Lavoro
SPA
Viale Altiero Spinelli 30
00157 Rome
Italy

EUR

2,077

4,082

434

2,605

2,077

4,082

434

2,605

100%

Banco BNPP Brasil SA
510 Av. Presidente Juscelino
Kubitschek,
10° to 13° Andares, Itaim Bibi
04543‑906 São Paulo
Brazil

BRL

2,759

1,092

(180)

1,010

431

170

(28)

158

76%

BNP Paribas Bank Polska SA
10/16 ul. Kasprzaka
01‑211 Warsaw
Poland

PLN

798

11,850

2,244

7,569

187

2,771

525

1,770

63%

Bank BNPP Indonesia PT
35th Floor Menara BCA
Grand Indonesia
Jl M H Thamrin no 1
10310 Jakarta
Indonesia

IDR 3,852,573 1,742,843 382,030 813,513

231

105

23

49

99%

BNP PUK Holding Ltd
10 Harewood Avenue NW1 6AA
London
United Kingdom

GBP

40

12

5

5

48

14

6

6

100%

EUR

23

1,460

214

259

23

1,460

214

259

67%

BNPP Bank JSC
5 Lesnaya Street, Bld. B
Business Center White Square
125047 Moscow
Russian Federation

RUB

5,798

11,265

2,490

3,855

49

96

21

33

100%

BNPP Canada Corp
1981 avenue McGill Collège
H3A 2W8 Montreal
Canada

CAD

159

171

19

12

107

115

13

8

100%

EUR

150

2,245

470

712

150

2,245

470

712

100%

BNPP Asset Management
Holding
1 boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France

BNPP Cardif
1 boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France

666

682 001 904

382 983 922

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

(1)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(1)

(2)

(2)

(1)

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

Reserves and
retained
earnings
before
Last
NBI or
income published Revenue
Share capital appropriation net income excl. Tax(**)
Name

Siren

Currency

CNY

8,711

2,303

BNPP Colombia Corporacion
Financiera SA
Carrera 8A no 99‑51
Edificio World Trade Center,
Torre A, Piso 9
Bogota DC
Colombia

COP

133,721

11,111

EUR

529

1,148

78

DZD

20,000

10,794

EUR

6

119

BNPP Développement
20 rue Chauchat
75009 Paris
France

348 540 592

BNPP El Djazair
8 rue de Cirta
Hydra
16035 Algiers
Algeria
BNPP Factor
46/52 rue Arago
92823 Puteaux
France

775 675 069

454 084 211

BNPP India Holding Private Ltd
1 North Avenue - BNP Paribas
House
Maker Maxity, Bandra - Kurla
Complex
Bandra (East)
400 051 Mumbai
India
BNPP IRB Participations
1 boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
BNPP Ireland Unlimited Co
5 George’s Dock IFSC
Dublin 1
Ireland

In millions of euros(*)

579

in %

1,534

1,169

309

78

206

100%

22,492 134,723

29

2

5

30

94%

43

529

1,148

78

43

100%

5,153

16,166

142

77

37

115

84%

53

155

6

119

53

155

100%

Ref.

(2)

(2)

(1)

(2)

(2)

6

BNPP Fortis
3 Montagne du Parc /
Warandeberg 3
1000 Brussels
Belgium
BNPP Home Loan SFH
1 boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France

Reserves
and retained
earnings
before
Percent of
income
Last
NBI or
share
Share appropria published Revenue
capital
capital
-tion net income excl. Tax(**)
held

In millions of foreign currency

BNPP China Ltd
25/F Shanghai World Financial
Center
100 Century Avenue
Shanghai 200120, P.R.C
China

6

433 891 983

EUR

10,965

8,481

2,437

5,212

10,965

8,481

2,437

5,212

100%

EUR

285

2

12

18

285

2

12

18

100%

INR

2,608

690

2,209

2,568

29

8

25

29

100%

EUR

46

58

17

25

46

58

17

25

100%

EUR

263

-

32

34

263

-

32

34

100%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

(1)

(1)

(2)

(1)

(2)

667

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

Reserves and
retained
earnings
before
Last
NBI or
income published Revenue
Share capital appropriation net income excl. Tax(**)
Name

Siren

In millions of euros(*)

In millions of foreign currency

in %

BNPP Lease Group Leasing
Solutions SPA
3 Piazza Lina Bo Bardi
20124 Milan
Italy

EUR

41

1

(2)

2

41

1

(2)

2

74%

BNPP Malaysia Berhad
Level 48, Vista Tower
The Intermark
182 Jalan Tun Razak
50400 Kuala Lumpur
Malaysia

MYR

650

180

85

198

140

39

18

43

100%

BNPP Mexico
Avenida Paseo de las Palmas
11000 Ciudad de Mexico
Mexico

MXN

4,500

-

-

-

208

-

-

-

100%

EUR

617

5,737

(364)

944

617

5,737

(364)

944

100%

USD

-

514

279

480

-

496

269

463

100%

EUR

514

587

(215)

498

514

587

(215)

498

100%

EUR

10

-

1

1

10

-

1

1

100%

EUR

25

21

3

43

25

21

3

43

100%

BNPP SB Re
16 rue Edward‑Steichen
L - 2540 Luxembourg
Luxembourg

EUR

250

175

38

50

250

175

38

50

100%

BNPP Securities Asia Ltd
59‑63 / F II International
Finance Centre
8 Finance Street
Central
Hong Kong

HKD

4,779

(2,465)

(220)

350

594

(307)

(27)

44

100%

BNPP Securities Japan Ltd
GranTokyo North Tower
1‑9‑1 Marunouchi, Chiyoda‑ku
100‑6740 Tokyo
Japan

JPY

156,050

60,396

26,883

66,910

958

371

165

411

100%

BNPP Personal Finance
1 boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France

542 097 902

BNPP Prime Brokerage
International Ltd
c/o Marsh Management
Services Limited 25/28
Adelaide Road Dublin 2
Ireland
BNPP Real Estate
167 quai de la Bataille de
Stalingrad
92867 Issy‑les‑Moulineaux
France

692 012 180

BNPP Real Estate Investment
Management Italy SPA
Via Carlo Bo 11
20143 Milan
Italy
BNPP Réunion
1 boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France

668

Currency

Reserves
and retained
earnings
before
Percent of
income
Last
NBI or
share
Share appropria published Revenue
capital
capital
-tion net income excl. Tax(**)
held

428 633 408

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Ref.

(2)

(2)

(2)

(1)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

Reserves and
retained
earnings
before
Last
NBI or
income published Revenue
Share capital appropriation net income excl. Tax(**)
Name

Siren

Currency

6

Reserves
and retained
earnings
before
Percent of
income
Last
NBI or
share
Share appropria published Revenue
capital
capital
-tion net income excl. Tax(**)
held
In millions of euros(*)

In millions of foreign currency

in %

BNPP Securities Korea Co Ltd
24, 25FL, State Tower
Namsan, 100,
Toegye‑ro, Jung‑gu
Seoul 100‑052
Republic of Korea

KRW

250,000

(8,024)

3,156

33,398

164

(5)

2

22

100%

BNPP Suisse SA
2 place de Hollande
1211 Geneva 11
Switzerland

CHF

320

955

(27)

309

341

1,016

(29)

329

100%

BNPP USA Inc
787 Seventh Avenue
NY 10019 New York
United States of America

USD

3,674

2,113

174

252

3,548

2,041

168

243

100%

BNPP Yatirimlar Holding AS
Ankara caddesi,
Büyük Kelkit Han nº 243, Kat 5
Sirkeci, Eminönü/Fatih
Istanbul
Türkiye

TRY

1,032

(41)

378

398

28

(1)

10

11

100%

BNPP Securities China Ltd
Tower 479 Lujiazui RD
Shanghai
China

CNY

1,100

-

(116)

3

148

-

(16)

-

100%

Compagnie Financière
Ottomane SA
44 Avenue J.F. Kennedy
L - 1855 Luxembourg
Luxembourg

EUR

9

461

-

-

9

461

-

-

97%

Expo Atlantico EAII
Investimentos Imobiliarios SA
Torre Ocidente, Rua Galileu
Galilei,
nº 2 1500‑392 Lisbon
Portugal

EUR

1

35

(1)

-

1

35

(1)

-

74%

Expo Indico EIII Investimentos
Imobiliarios SA
Torre Ocidente, Rua Galileu
Galilei,
nº 2 1500‑392 Lisbon
Portugal

EUR

1

36

(1)

-

1

36

(1)

-

74%

Ref.

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

6

Financière des Paiements
Électroniques
18 avenue Winston‑Churchill
94220 Charenton‑le‑Pont
France

753 886 092

EUR

1

95

34

191

1

95

34

191

95%

Financière du Marché Saint
Honoré
37 place du Marché
Saint‑Honoré
75001 Paris
France

662 047 513

EUR

342

(91)

(25)

-

342

(91)

(25)

-

100%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(1)

669

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

Reserves and
retained
earnings
before
Last
NBI or
income published Revenue
Share capital appropriation net income excl. Tax(**)
Name

In millions of euros(*)

Siren

Currency

434 130 423

EUR

72

109

(64)

309

72

109

(64)

309

100%

Harewood Helena 1 Ltd
10 Harewood Avenue
NW1 6AA London
United Kingdom

USD

39

11

10

11

37

11

9

11

100%

International Factors Italia SPA
15 Via Vittor Pisani
20124 Milan
Italy

EUR

56

859

58

154

56

859

58

154

100%

EUR

67

(5)

4

4

67

(5)

4

4

100%

GBP

-

4

-

-

-

5

-

-

100%

Floa
Immeuble G7
71 rue Lucien Faure
33300 Bordeaux
France

Jivago Holding
1 Boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France

538 201 245

Kantox
8 Devonshire Square
5th Floor
London EC2M 4PL
United Kingdom

In millions of foreign currency

in %

Natiocredibail
12 rue du Port
92000 Nanterre
France

998 630 206

EUR

32

86

3

17

32

86

3

17

100%

Parilease
41 avenue de l'Opéra
75002 Paris
France

339 320 392

EUR

129

259

11

15

129

259

11

15

100%

Portzamparc
1 Boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France

399 223 437

EUR

5

8

2

39

5

8

2

39

100%

EUR

657

2,251

98

132

657

2,251

98

132

100%

Sagip
3 rue Montagne du Parc
1000 Brussels
Belgium
SNC Taitbout Participation 3
1 boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France

433 912 250

EUR

552

233

213

-

552

233

213

-

100%

Société Orbaisienne de
Participations
1 boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France

428 753 479

EUR

311

(100)

1

-

311

(100)

1

-

100%

UAH

5,069

12,132

4,141

14,374

118

284

97

336

60%

UkrSibbank Public JSC
7 Andreevskaya Street
04070 Kyiv
Ukraine

670

Reserves
and retained
earnings
before
Percent of
income
Last
NBI or
share
Share appropria published Revenue
capital
capital
-tion net income excl. Tax(**)
held

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Ref.

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(1)

(2)

(1)

(1)

(2)

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

Siren

Reserves and
retained
earnings
NBI or
before
Last
income published Revenue
Currency Share capital appropriation net income excl. Tax(**)

Reserves
and
retained
earnings
Percent of
before
NBI or
Last
share
income
capital
Share appropria published Revenue
(**)
‑tion net income excl. Tax
held
capital

In millions of foreign currency

Name

In millions of euros(*)

in %

6

Ref.

2. Equity investments (between 10 and 50% held)
Bank of Nanjing
50 Huaihai Road
210005 Nanjing
China

CNY

10,344

126,997

18,502

45,160

1,388

17,042

2,483

6,060

16%

BGL BNPP
50 avenue J.F.-Kennedy
2951 Luxembourg
Luxembourg

EUR

713

7,066

500

1,037

713

7,066

500

1,037

16%

BNPP Leasing Solutions
16 rue Edward‑Steichen
2540 Luxembourg
Luxembourg

EUR

1,815

322

158

161

1,815

322

158

161

50%

BON BNPP Consumer Finance
Co Ltd (Formerly Sunning)
588 Changbai Street,
Qinhuai District,
Nanjing City,
Jiangsu Province,
China

CNY

5,215

427

303

4,595

700

57

41

617

30%

EUR

1,260

171

104

196

1,260

171

104

196

17%

Crédit Logement
50 boulevard de Sébastopol
75003 Paris
France
Euro Protection Surveillance
30 rue du Doubs
67100 Strasbourg
France

302 493 275

(3)

(2)

(2)

(1)

(3)

6
EUR

1

110

24

269

1

110

24

269

11%

Geojit BNP Paribas Financial
Services Ltd (Group)
34/659‑P Civil Line Road
Padivattom Kochi
682024 Kerala
India

338 780 513

INR

239

5,208

1,339

5,996

3

59

15

68

29%

Sicovam
18 rue Lafayette
75009 Paris
France

EUR

10

906

104

105

10

906

104

105

15%

Unión de Créditos Inmobiliarios
Calle Retama 3
28045 Madrid
Spain

EUR

227

296

(58)

61

227

296

(58)

61

10%

(3)

(5)

(4)

(2)

(*) Converted at the price on 31/12/2024.
(**) Pre‑tax revenue for commercial entities and NBI for banking entities.

(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)

Non‑audited social contribution data at 31/12/2024.
Data used in Group consolidated financial statements at 31/12/2024.
Social data at 31/12/2023.
Social data at 31/07/2024.
Social data at 31/03/2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

671

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements

Subsidiaries
In millions of euros

Associated companies

French

Foreign

French

Foreign

Gross value

17,852

41,354

613

3,104

Carrying amount

16,381

34,425

560

2,960

Loans and advances given by BNP Paribas SA

99,699

51,089

672

231

Guarantees and endorsements given by BNP Paribas SA

47,070

4,956

-

58

Dividends received

1,096

4,180

46

307

II – General information about all subsidiaries and associated companies
Carrying amount of shares held

672

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
BNP Paribas SA five‑year financial summary

6

6.2 BNP Paribas SA five‑year financial summary
2020

2021

2022

2023

2024

a) Share capital

2,499,597,122

2,468,663,292

2,468,663,292

2,294,954,818

2,261,621,342

b) Number of shares issued

1,249,798,561

1,234,331,646

1,234,331,646

1,147,477,409

1,130,810,671

None

None

None

None

None

a) Total revenues excluding VAT

32,108

31,884

50,446

94,079

97,501

Financial position at year‑end

c) Number of convertible bonds in issue
Results of operations for the year (in millions of euros)

b) Earnings before tax, amortisation and provisions

7,159

7,769

11,129

11,207

11,498

c) Income tax expense

(653)

(716)

(943)

(683)

(639)

d) Profit after tax, amortisation and provisions

4,404

7,307

8,033

9,620

9,560

e) Total dividend payout(1)

3,324

4,527

4,744

5,198

5,417

a) Profit after tax, but before amortisation and
provisions

5.21

5.71

8.25

9.17

9.60

b) Profit after tax, amortisation and provisions

3.52

5.92

6.51

8.38

8.45

c) Dividend per share(1)

2.66

3.67

3.90

4.60

4.79

a) Number of employees at 31 December

52,590

52,444

63,084

64,847

65,460

b) Total payroll expense

4,721

4,792

5,899

6,123

6,394

c) Amount paid in respect of social benefits (Social
security, Social works, etc.) (in millions of euros)

1,485

1,543

1,738

1,929

1,991

Earnings per share (in euros)

Employee data

6

(1) For 2024, subject to approval by the Annual General Meeting of 13 May 2025.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

673

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Disclosures of investments of BNP Paribas SA in 2024 affecting at least 5% of share capital of French companies

6.3 Disclosures of investments of BNP Paribas SA
in 2024 affecting at least 5% of share capital
of French companies
Crossing threshold of more than 5% of the capital
Unlisted

Kryptown

SAS

Crossing threshold of more than 10% of the capital
Unlisted

Société Phocéen de Participations

SA

Unlisted

Ecod Air H

SAS

Unlisted

Senioralis

SAS

Unlisted

Meet My Mama

SAS

Crossing threshold of more than 20% of the capital
Unlisted

B.Connect

SAS

Crossing threshold of more than 33.33% of the capital
Crossing threshold of more than 50% of the capital
Crossing threshold of more than 66.66% of the capital

6.4 Non‑tax‑deductible expenses and charges
In accordance with the provisions of article 223 quater of the French General Tax Code, it is specified that the Company’s financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024 include the expenses and charges referred to in article 39.4 of the French General Tax Code, the total
amount of which amounted to EUR 2.9 million during the past year. The tax incurred in respect of these expenses and charges amounted to
EUR 0.8 million.

674

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statutory Auditors’ report on the financial statements

6

6.5 Statutory Auditors’ report on the financial
statements
Year ended December 31, 2024
This is a translation into English of the statutory auditors’ report on the financial statements of the Company issued in French and it is provided
solely for the convenience of English‑speaking users.
This statutory auditors’ report includes information required by European regulations and French law, such as information about the
appointment of the statutory auditors or verification of the management report and other documents provided to the shareholders.
This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and professional auditing standards applicable in
France.
To the Annual General Meeting of BNP Paribas,

Opinion
In compliance with the engagement entrusted to us by your Annual General Meeting, we have audited the accompanying financial statements of
BNP Paribas for the year ended 31 December 2024.
In our opinion, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets and liabilities and of the financial position of the Company as at
31 December 2024 and of the results of its operations for the year then ended in accordance with French accounting principles.
The audit opinion expressed above is consistent with our report to the Financial Statements Committee.

Basis for opinion
Audit framework
We conducted our audit in accordance with professional standards applicable in France. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

6

Our responsibilities under these standards are further described in the Statutory Auditors’ Responsibilities for the audit of the financial
statements section of our report.

Independence
We conducted our audit engagement in compliance with the independence requirements of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)
and the French Code of Ethics for Statutory Auditors (Code de déontologie de la profession de commissaire aux comptes) for the period from
January 1, 2024 to the date of our report, and specifically we did not provide any prohibited non‑audit services referred to in Article 5(1) of
Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014.

Justification of Assessments - Key Audit Matters
In accordance with the requirements of articles L. 821‑53 and R. 821‑180 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) relating to the
justification of our assessments, we inform you of the key audit matters relating to risks of material misstatement that, in our professional
judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period, as well as how we addressed those risks.
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
not provide a separate opinion on specific items of the financial statements.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

675

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statutory Auditors’ report on the financial statements

Identification and assessment of credit risk on ustomer loan portfolios
(See Notes 1, 2.f, 3.b, and 3.k to the financial statements)

Risk identified

Our response

BNP Paribas records impairments to cover credit risks inherent to its
activities.

We examined BNP Paribas’ internal control system and particularly
its adaptation to the environment of uncertainties, and tested manual
or automated controls related to the credit risk assessment and the
measurement of expected losses.

As of December 31, 2024, customer loans and receivables exposed to
credit risk amount to 614.2 billion euros, and impairments and
provisions amount to 5.7 billion euros and 0.4 billion euros,
respectively.
In an environment of persistent uncertainties marked by geopolitical
and economic tensions, the assessment of expected credit losses on
loan and receivable portfolios requires increased judgment and the
use of assumptions from BNP Paribas Management, particularly to:
■ Assess the significant increase in credit risk to classify exposure as
sound or doubtful, especially based on criteria involving expert
judgment such as the watch list process and the identification of
doubtful exposures;
■ Estimate expected losses on sound exposures;

Our work particularly focused on the following processes:
■ Classification of exposures: we assessed how the changes in risks

were considered in estimating criteria applicable to various
business lines to measure the significant increase in credit risk and
identify doubtful exposures.

■ Evaluation of expected losses:
■

■

■ For doubtful exposures and particularly corporate receivables,

estimate expected losses on doubtful exposures.

We consider that credit risk assessment and measurement of related
impairment constitute a key audit matter, as these items involve
management’s judgment and estimates in an environment marked by
above‑mentioned uncertainties.

■

With the support of our credit risk specialists, we assessed the
methodologies used by BNP Paribas and their appropriate
implementation in information systems;
We assessed the key models and parameters used for
calculating expected losses on sound exposures, the relevance of
results obtained, and the existing control system. We tested the
effectiveness of data quality controls;
In addition, for impairment on doubtful corporate exposures, we
examined the periodic review process of credit risk for watch list
counterparties and assessed, on a sample of counterparties, the
assumptions and data used by management to estimate
impairment.

We also reviewed credit risk disclosures in the notes to the financial
statements.

676

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statutory Auditors’ report on the financial statements

6

Valuation of complex financial instruments
(See Notes 1, 2.d, 3.c, 3.h, 3.i, and 6.c to the financial statements)

Risk identified

Our response

As part of its market activities, BNP Paribas holds financial
instruments measured at market value in the balance sheet.

We examined BNP Paribas’ internal control system related to the
valuation of financial instruments and performed tests, on a sample
basis, on a selection of financial instruments.

Market value is determined through different approaches, depending
on the type of instrument and its complexity: (i) using directly
observable quoted prices, (ii) using valuation models whose main
inputs are observable, and (iii) using valuation models whose main
inputs are unobservable.
As of December 31, 2024, the market value of trading securities
amounts to 123.4 billion euros, the net positive position of firm
transactions is valued at 3.7 billion euros, and the market value of the
net short position of conditional transactions is valued at 9.0 billion
euros.
Market values may include valuation adjustments to account for
specific market, liquidity, or counterparty risks.
For the most complex instruments, valuation techniques used by
management may involve significant judgment and estimation
regarding the choice of valuation models and parameters used, some
of which are not observable in the market. This may lead to deferred
recognition of margins on related operations, as specified in note 1 to
the financial statements.
Given the materiality of exposures, the complexity of modeling in
determining market value, the multiplicity of models used, and the
reliance on management’s judgments in determining market values,
we consider the valuation of complex financial instruments to be a
key audit matter.

With the support of our financial instrument valuation specialists, our
work particularly consisted in:
■ Studying the governance established by BNP Paribas to oversee the
financial instrument valuation system, specifically the approval
process and regular review by risk department of valuation models
and the independent verification of valuation parameters;
■ Examining the system implemented by BNP Paribas for

determining valuation adjustments and setting the parameter
observability rules.

On a sample basis, we also:
■ Analyzed the relevance of assumptions and parameters used for
the valuation;
■ Reviewed the results and methodologies of the market parameter

independent review set by BNP Paribas;

■ Performed independent revaluations using our own models, where

necessary;

■ Assessed the appropriateness of deferred margin recognition.

We also analyzed, on a sample basis, any differences between
valuations and collateral calls with counterparties.
We reviewed the information related to the valuation of financial
instruments in the notes to the financial statements.

Measurement of investments in subsidiaries and equity securities held for long‑term investment and interests in affiliates
(See Notes 1, 3.c, and 3.e to the financial statements)

Risk identified

Our response

Investments in subsidiaries and equity securities held for long‑term
investment and investments in affiliates are booked on the balance
sheet at a net book value of 54.7 billion euros as of December 31,
2024.

Our audit approach is based on gaining an understanding of control
procedures related to determining value in use of investments in
subsidiaries and equity securities held for long‑term investment and
investments in affiliates.

They are measured individually at the lower of acquisition value or
value in use.

■ Assessing, on a sample basis, the justification for the valuation

Value in use is determined, for each investment, by reference to a
valuation method based on available information such as discounted
future cash flows, net asset value, or multiples commonly used to
assess future profitability.
When the value in use of investments is lower than their net book
value, an impairment loss is recognised for the difference.
Given their materiality and the sensitivity of the models used to
assumptions on which estimates are based, we deemed the
measurement of these investments to be a key audit matter.

6

Our work mainly consisted in:
methods and numerical elements used by management to
determine values in use;

■ Testing, on a sample basis, the mathematical accuracy of value in

use calculations performed by BNP Paribas.

Lastly, we reviewed the disclosures on investments in subsidiaries
and equity securities held for long‑term investment and investments
in affiliates in the notes to the financial statements.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

677

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statutory Auditors’ report on the financial statements

IT General Controls
Risk identified

Our response

The various activities carried out by BNP Paribas entail a high level of
complexity due to the volume of transactions and the use of
numerous interfaced information systems. The reliability of the
information system management processes and their security are key
elements for the financial information preparation process.

We identified the key systems, processes, and controls underpinning
the preparation of financial information.

The risk of a material misstatement occurring on the accounts due to
an incident in the IT chains may result from:
■ Inappropriate changes to the configuration of IT applications or of
the underlying data;

With the support of our IT specialized teams, we tested the design
and operating effectiveness of IT General Controls for applications we
considered key for the preparation of financial information. For these
key IT applications, our work particularly focused on the following
aspects:
■ Understanding IT systems, processes, and controls that underpin
accounting and financial information;

■ A processing failure within an IT application or within one of the

■ Reviewing the controls implemented by BNP Paribas related to

interfaces;

■ A service interruption or an operational incident.

The existence of a set of controls for managing access rights to IT
systems involved in the financial information preparation process, as
well as an appropriate incident identification and treatment process
are key controls to mitigate this risk, the assessment of which is a key
audit matter.

access rights to IT applications and data, with special attention to
privileged access;

■ Analyzing of change management applied to these IT applications

during the year ended December 31, 2024;

■ Reviewing IT operations management;
■ Reviewing authorization controls for manual journal entries;
■ Performing, where applicable, additional audit procedures.

We also tested IT application controls related to automated interfaces
between key systems to assess the completeness and integrity of
information transfers, as well as certain sensitive or complex
automated application configurations.

Specific verifications
We have also performed, in accordance with professional standards applicable in France, the specific verifications required by laws and
regulations.

Information given in the management report and in the other documents with respect to the financial position and the
financial statements provided to the shareholders
We have no matters to report as to the fair presentation and the consistency with the financial statements of the information given in the Board
of Directors’ management report and in the other documents with respect to the financial position and the financial statements provided to the
shareholders, except for the item described below.
The fair presentation and the consistency with the financial statements of the information relating to payment deadlines mentioned in
Article D. 441‑6 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) prompt the following matters to report:
■ As indicated in the management report, this information is produced only for the company in France and its three branches with the

largest supplier debts, and does not include information related to other branches.
■ As well, this information does not include banking transactions and related transactions, as the Company considers that such

transactions do not fall within the scope of the required information.

Report on corporate governance
We attest that the section of the management report on corporate governance sets out the information required by Article L. 225‑37‑4,
L. 22‑10‑10 and L. 22‑10‑9 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).
Concerning the information given in accordance with the requirements of Article L. 22‑10‑9 of the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce)
relating to the remuneration and benefits received by, or allocated to directors and any other commitments made in their favor, we have verified
its consistency with the financial statements, or with the underlying information used to prepare these financial statements and, where
applicable, with the information obtained by your Company from companies controlled thereby, included in the consolidation scope. Based on
these procedures, we attest the accuracy and fair presentation of this information.
With respect to the information relating to items that your Company considered likely to have an impact in the event of a takeover bid or
exchange offer, provided pursuant to Article L. 22‑10‑11 of the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce), we have agreed this information to
the source documents communicated to us. Based on these procedures, we have no observations to make on this information.

Other information
In accordance with French law, we have verified that the required information concerning the purchase of investments and controlling interests
and the identity of shareholders and holders of the voting rights has been properly disclosed in the management report.

678

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statutory Auditors’ report on the financial statements

6

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
Format of preparation of the financial statements included in the annual financial report
We have also verified, in accordance with the professional standard applicable in France relating to the procedures performed by the statutory
auditors regarding the annual and consolidated financial statements prepared in the European single electronic format, that the preparation of
the financial statements included in the annual financial report mentioned in Article L. 451‑1‑2, I of the French Monetary and Financial Code
(Code monétaire et financier), prepared under the Chief Executive Officer’s responsibility, complies with the single electronic format defined in
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/815 of 17 December 2018.
On the basis of our work, we conclude that the preparation of the financial statements included in the annual financial report complies, in all
material respects, with the European single electronic format.

Appointment of the Statutory Auditors
We were appointed as statutory auditors of BNP Paribas by the annual general meeting held on May 23, 2006 for Deloitte & Associés and on
May 14, 2024 for ERNST & YOUNG et Autres.
As at December 31, 2024, Deloitte & Associés was in the nineteenth year of total uninterrupted engagement, and ERNST & YOUNG et Autres was
in the first year, respectively.

Responsibilities of Management and those charged with governance for the financial statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with French accounting
principles and for such internal control as Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, Management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing,
as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless it is expected to liquidate the Company
or to cease operations.
The Financial Statements Committee is responsible for monitoring the financial reporting process and the effectiveness of internal control and
risk management systems and where applicable, its internal audit, regarding the accounting and financial reporting procedures.
The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors.

Statutory Auditors’ Responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Objectives and audit approach
Our role is to issue a report on the financial statements. Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with professional standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

6

As specified in Article L. 821‑55 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), our statutory audit does not include assurance on the
viability of the Company or the quality of management of the affairs of the Company.
As part of an audit conducted in accordance with professional standards applicable in France, the statutory auditor exercises professional
judgement throughout the audit and furthermore:
■ Identifies and assesses the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, designs and

performs audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtains audit evidence considered to be sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for his opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
■ Obtains an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the

circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the internal control.
■ Evaluates the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made

by Management in the financial statements;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

679

6

INFORMATION ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
Statutory Auditors’ report on the financial statements

■ Assesses the appropriateness of Management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained,

whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to
continue as a going concern. This assessment is based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of his audit report. However, future
events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. If the statutory auditor concludes that a material
uncertainty exists, there is a requirement to draw attention in the audit report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if
such disclosures are not provided or inadequate, to modify the opinion expressed therein.
■ Evaluates the overall presentation of the financial statements and assesses whether these statements represent the underlying

transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

Report to the Financial Statements Committee
We submit to the Financial Statements Committee a report which includes in particular a description of the scope of the audit and the audit
program implemented, as well as the results of our audit. We also report significant deficiencies, if any, in internal control regarding the
accounting and financial reporting procedures that we identified.
Our report to the Financial Statements Committee includes the risks of material misstatement that, in our professional judgement, were of most
significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and which are therefore the key audit matters that we are required to
describe in this report.
We also provide the Financial Statements Committee with the declaration provided for in Article 6 of Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014, confirming
our independence within the meaning of the rules applicable in France as set out in particular in Articles L. 821‑27 to L. 821‑34 of the French
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and in the French Code of Ethics for Statutory Auditors (Code de Déontologie de la profession de
commissaire aux comptes). Where appropriate, we discuss with the Financial Statements Committee the risks that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and the related safeguard.
Paris‑La Défense, March 20, 2025
The Statutory Auditors
French original signed by
Deloitte & Associés
Damien Leurent
Jean‑Vincent Coustel

680

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

ERNST & YOUNG et Autres
Olivier Drion

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION
CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND
ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP
PARIBAS

7.1

Sustainability statements

682

7.1.1
7.1.2
7.1.3
7.1.4
7.1.5
7.1.6

684
706
732
737
764
773
785

General Disclosures
Climate change
Aligned activities within the meaning of the European Taxonomy
Own workforce
Consumers and end‑users
Business conduct
Appendices
Report on the certification of sustainability information and
verification of the disclosure requirements under Article 8 of
Regulation (EU) 2020/852, relating to the year ended December 31,
2024

874

7.2

Vigilance plan

878

7.3

Statement on modern slavery and human trafficking

899

7.4

SASB and TCFD standards

904

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

681

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7.1 Sustainability statements
The following chapter presents the BNP Paribas Group's
sustainability reporting in accordance with the publication
requirements of the European Directive 2022/2464 of 14 December
2022 amending Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 and Directives
2004/109/EC, 2006/43/EC and 2013/34/EU as regards corporate
sustainability reporting (also known as the Corporate Sustainability
Reporting Directive - CSRD), as transposed into French law. This
directive aims to strengthen corporate transparency on
sustainability by imposing stricter environmental, social and
governance (ESG) reporting requirements.
In particular, the CSRD requires a description of material impacts,
risks and opportunities for the Group relating to sustainability issues.
The double materiality analysis identified the following material
topics detailed in this report: climate change, the company's own
workforce, consumers and end‑users, business conduct including
market integrity topics, financial security and cybersecurity.

WARNING AND EXPLANATORY NOTE
These sustainability statements have been prepared in application of
the CSRD (and its transposition into French law) and the European
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) as applicable on the date
of publication of these sustainability statements. In this respect, it is
specified that only transversal and thematic standards have been
adopted as of the date hereof. Despite the absence of sector‑specific
standards, the Group has endeavoured to take into account the
specificities of its sector of activity in order to provide the most
relevant and accurate information possible.

Relative importance
The present sustainability statements only include information that,
according to the Group, is of relative importance both on the impacts
of the Group's activities on people and the environment and/or on
how sustainability issues affect the Group. The methodological
choices that guided the double materiality analysis of the Group's
environmental, social and governance issues are explained in this
document. Some information collected by the Group has not been
included in these sustainability statements due to its lesser
materiality, although it may still be relevant.

682

Use of assumptions and estimates
In a context where certain information, mainly related to the Group's
value chain, is still not widely available or sufficiently reliable, the
preparation of these sustainability statements is partly based on
reasonable assumptions and estimates as required by the CSRD.
Some of these assumptions or estimates may present a high level of
measurement uncertainty. These assumptions and estimates are
presented as long as they provide useful and quality information. In
this case, the associated narrative sets out the methods and
definitions used, as well as any limitations and uncertainties
surrounding them. In a constant effort to ensure the quality of the
published information, the Group has referred, whenever possible, to
European regulatory definitions and recognised standards to prepare
and present the relevant information. Where this was not possible,
the information was developed in good faith based on internal
definitions and estimates

Prospective information
In accordance with the provisions of the CSRD, these sustainability
statements contain forward‑looking information that includes
projections and estimates based on current opinions and
assumptions about future events. No assurance can be given as to
these projections and estimates, which are subject to inherent risks
and uncertainties, some of which are beyond the Group's control,
relating in particular to the Group, its subsidiaries and its
investments, the development of the Group's and its subsidiaries'
activities, industry trends, future investments and acquisitions, the
evolution of the economic, social, ecological and environmental
situation and the applicable regulations. In particular, due to these
risks and uncertainties, forward‑looking information should not be
considered as a statement or guarantee by the Group or any other
person that the Group will achieve its objectives, plans, targets,
indicators within a given timeframe or that it will achieve them at
all. Any forward‑looking statements contained in these sustainability
statements speak as of the date of these sustainability statements.
The Group undertakes no obligation to publish changes or updates to
this forward‑looking information, except as required by applicable
law.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Inherent uncertainty in climate information
The information, data, indicators and methodologies used in relation
to climate change are constantly evolving. Climate indicators are
complex and are based on many opinions and assumptions about
climate policies, technologies and other uncertain or unknown
factors. Any significant change in these variables could render the
assumptions, and therefore the resulting climate indicators and
data, incorrect. As a result, the climate information contained in
these
sustainability
statements,
whether
historical
or
forward‑looking, has inherent uncertainty, which may render it less
relevant to decision‑making than historical financial data. With
regard to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, there is a lack of
standardisation and comparability of estimation and calculation
methods due to the diversity of available frameworks and
methodologies. The methodological choices that led to the

7

preparation of these sustainability statements are explained in this
document. However, due to this lack of harmonisation, there is still a
risk of over- or under‑estimation of the indicators. Scope 3
emissions, especially those linked to clients financed by the Group,
have high measurement uncertainty. By definition, these emissions
result from the activities of the Group's customers and, unlike the
Group's direct emissions, depend on external factors over which the
Group has no control.

Information from third parties
Some statistical information and other data contained in this
document are obtained from third‑party sources. The Group is not
responsible for this information and makes no representations or
warranties as to its accuracy, preciseness or completeness.

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

683

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7.1.1 GENERAL DISCLOSURES
BNP Paribas prepares its sustainability statements on a consolidated
basis. The scope of the reporting entities in the consolidated
sustainability statements is the same as the Group’s consolidated
financial statements prepared in accordance with international
accounting standards: it includes BNP Paribas SA and the entities it
controls exclusively. The scope and accounting consolidation
principles are presented in the appendix of the financial statements
(see chapter 4, notes 9k and 1b).

1.

Sustainability statements cover the Group's value chain, i.e. its
operational scope but also its upstream and downstream value
chain. The Group’s value chain is described in this chapter
section 2.a. Strategy, business model and value chain.

GOVERNANCE

1.A ROLE OF ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES IN SUSTAINABILITY
The sustainability strategy is integrated at the highest level within the governance bodies. These bodies address the impacts, risks and
opportunities (IRO) related to environmental, social and governance topics of all the Group’s activities according to their mandates as described
in the following paragraphs.

➤ CHART NO. 1: BNP PARIBAS’ GOVERNANCE ON THE SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY

Board of directors
CGEN (corporate
governance, ethics,
nominations and CSR
Committee)

CCIRC (internal
control, risk
management and
compliance
Committee)

CdC (financial
statements
Committee)

Remuneration
Committee

Executive Management and Executive Committee

Sustainable finance strategic Committee

Group supervisory & control Committee

Infrastructure Committee

General management credit Committee

ESG Regulatory Committee

Company Engagement department

684

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Executive Management is informed of BNP Paribas’ IRO monitoring
via its Committees presented above, and ad hoc meetings with the
functions and business lines and the Company Engagement
Department. It informs the Board of directors if necessary.

The specialised Committees of the Board of
directors

The Board of directors

The CGEN is notably responsible for monitoring the Group’s CSR
policy (including the management of IRO) and ensures the Group’s
contribution to the transition towards a responsible and sustainable
economy. In this respect, it regularly monitors the actions taken in
terms of climate change, sustainable finance and the Group’s
positive commitment to society.

The Board of directors determines the orientations of BNP Paribas’
activities and ensures their implementation by General Management
(composed of its Chief Executive Officer and its two Chief Operating
Officers), in accordance with its social interest, taking into
consideration the social, environmental and governance issues of
BNP Paribas’ activities.
The Board of directors approves the Group’s sustainability strategy. It
validates the objectives and commitments related to sustainability,
whether in the dimensions of impacts, risks or opportunities. It also
examines the achievement of the corporate social responsibility
(CSR) criteria by executive corporate officers on which part of their
annual variable remuneration depends.
As of 31 December 2024, it was composed of 14 members and is
chaired by Mr. Jean Lemierre. The composition and diversity of the
Board of directors is described in chapter 2 Corporate governance
and internal control, section 1.b The Board of directors: a collegial
body with collective competence.
The Board of directors is regularly informed of the progress in the
implementation of the Group’s sustainability strategy through
presentations made by Executive Management members. It meets a
minimum of four times a year and as many times as circumstances
or the interest of BNP Paribas require.
In 2024, the Board raised environmental, social and governance
(ESG) issues 34 times in order to take into consideration the impacts,
risks and opportunities of BNP Paribas’ activities. This was reflected
particularly in the analysis of the following topics:
■ the presentation of the 2023 highlights in terms of CSR,

particularly related to ESG opportunities;
■ the presentation of the 2023 climate report, which details the

climate change‑related impacts and risks;
■ a state of play of professional equality between women and

men.
In 2016, the Board of directors and the Executive Management set
up a Code of conduct which defines the standards of conduct in line
with the values and missions determined by the Group (for more
details, refer to chapter 7.1.6. Business conduct). The Board of
directors ensures the implementation of the Code by Executive
Management in the Group’s business lines, countries and regions.
The Board of directors monitors sustainability topics with support of
each of the four specialised Committees:
■ Financial Statements Committee (CdC);
■ Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance Committee

(CCIRC);
■ Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR Committee

(CGEN);
■ Remuneration Committee (CR).

7

Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR
Committee (CGEN)

Together with the Internal Control, Risk Management and
Compliance Committee, the CGEN reviews progress on the
operational integration of ESG risk factors, including climate‑related
risk factors, into the Bank’s risk management framework.
The CGEN also has the mission of identifying people likely to be
appointed as directors, whose CSR skills are one of the criteria for
appointment.
The CGEN identifies and recommends to the Board of directors
suitable candidates for the office of director, with the view to
proposing their candidature to the Annual General Meeting. In
determining potential candidates, the CGEN assesses the balance of
skills, experience, diversity, as well as the integrity and ability to
understand the main challenges and risks, both on individual and
collective basis, by the Board members. Mindful of the collective
competence of the Board of directors, the CGEN is also interested in
candidates capable of understanding the major issues, challenges
and emerging risks facing the Group, including social and
environmental ones.
The CGEN sets an objective to be achieved with regard to the
balanced representation of women and men on the Board of
directors. The objective and policy thus set are validated by the
Board of directors.
In addition, the Committee contributes to the selection and
appointment as well as the establishment of succession plans for
the Chairman and members of the Executive Management in
accordance with the Policy on the suitability of Members of the
management body and Key function holders. Thus, it examines
applications for the position of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Operating Officer(s), considering in particular the criteria related to
the understanding of the issues and risks of the Bank’s decisive
activities, including good business conduct, social and environmental
issues as well as the risks of money laundering and terrorism
financing.

7

Finally, the CGEN regularly monitors the updating of BNP Paribas’
Code of conduct, which defines the rules of conduct within the
framework of the values and missions determined by the Bank.
In 2024, the CGEN addressed ESG topics seven times, considering
the impacts, risks and opportunities of BNP Paribas’ activities. It
examined the 2024 draft report on social and environmental
responsibility for the year 2023, the publication of the estimates of
the financed greenhouse gas emissions of counterparties, the
preliminary results of the double materiality assessment as well as
the draft plan and content of these sustainability statements. All
these topics contribute to the CGEN’s proper consideration of ESG
impacts, risks and opportunities.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

685

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance
Committee (CCIRC)
CCIRC advises the Board of directors on the adequacy of the Bank’s
overall strategy and risk appetite, both current and future.

At least once a year, the Financial Statements Committee devotes
part of its session to an exchange with the Board of Statutory
Auditors as part of the mission of certifying sustainability
information, without the presence of the Executive Management.

It examines the Risk Appetite Statement (RAS), i.e. the Group’s risk
tolerance, in particular those related to ESG. Moreover, additional
indicators, resulting from the definition of credit portfolio alignment
targets, are integrated into the Group’s RAS for monitoring purposes.
For more details on the RAS, see chapter 5, paragraph Risk Appetite.

The Statutory Auditors also present a note on the work related to
their mission of certifying sustainability information once a year. On
this basis, the Financial Statements Committee reports to the Board
of directors on the results of this mission and how it has contributed
to the integrity of sustainability reporting and the role it has played.

The CCIRC reviews the quarterly dashboard presented by RISK and
reviews the evolution of the various risks, as well as ESG indicators,
particularly those used to determine material risks. As part of
requests for renewal of risk limits for specific sectors, CCIRC is
required to examine their related transition issues.

Remuneration Committee (CR)

In conjunction with the CGEN, the CCIRC reviews progress made on
the operational integration of ESG risk factors, including
climate‑related risk factors, into the Group's risk management
framework.
As part of its periodic reviews of the Group’s exposures, CCIRC is
required to examine those for sectors facing more specific transition
issues.
Finally, the CCIRC is also responsible for monitoring the principles of
remuneration regarding risk, the examination of internal control and
compliance issues as well as the examination of the prices of the
products and services in relation with the risk strategy.
In 2024, the CCIRC addressed ESG topics five times, taking into
account the impacts, risks and opportunities of BNP Paribas’
activities. In addition to updating the RAS, it also reviewed ESG risk
factors (operational insertion and portfolio analysis).

Financial Statements Committee (CdC)
In the area of sustainability, the Financial Statements Committee
follows, among other things, the process of developing sustainability
information and more specifically the process for determining
information to be disclosed in accordance with the European
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS). In this context, it
examines all issues relating to the annual sustainability statements:
normative framework, choice of methodologies, materiality
assessment, results of indicators and any issue likely to generate
potential impacts or risks.
It makes recommendations, where appropriate, to ensure the
integrity of these processes.
In addition, the Financial Statements Committee monitors the
effectiveness of internal control and risk management systems
regarding the procedures for preparing and processing sustainability
information.
Finally, it examines the Statutory Auditors’ audit plan for the
assurance of sustainability information, their recommendations and
their monitoring of these recommendations.

686

The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the annual review of
the principles that underpin the Group’s remuneration policy. In
particular, it reviews, without the presence of the Executive
Management, the quantitative and qualitative performance criteria
related to the annual variable compensation of the corporate
officers, including those related to the Group’s CSR performance, a
proportion of 15% of the annual target variable compensation being
linked to the Group’s CSR performance (see section 1.b. Integration
of sustainability‑related performance in incentive schemes of this
chapter).
It examines the remuneration of the Group’s regulated staff
categories. It also controls the remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer
and Head of Compliance.

Experiences, skills and education
The biographies of BNP Paribas Board members are included at the
beginning of chapter 2 Corporate governance and internal control,
section 2.1.1. Presentation of the directors and corporate officers and
the non‑voting director.
All the directors have a diversity of skills, including skills and
experiences related to sustainability, acquired throughout their
professional careers. These combined skills allow the coverage of all
the impacts, risks and opportunities related to BNP Paribas’
economic activity. The specific areas of expertise of each of the
directors are specified in chapter 2 Corporate governance and
internal control, section 2.1.2 BNP Paribas Corporate governance, 1.b
The Board of directors: a collegial body with collective competence.
The training received by directors to develop their skills is presented
in section 1.d Directors' training and information in this chapter.
Similarly, the maintenance of knowledge of the members of the
management body (directors, Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Operating Officers) is presented in chapter 2 Corporate governance
and internal control, section VII. Induction and training of Members
of the management body.
The main administrative, management and supervisory bodies are
thus composed of people with the knowledge and skills suited to
monitor BNP Paribas’ material impacts, risks and opportunities.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Sustainability management bodies

ESG Regulatory Committee

The Executive Management defines the sustainability strategy and is
accountable to the Board of directors for it. The Head of Company
Engagement, member of the Executive Committee, oversees, with its
teams, the operational implementation of BNP Paribas’ sustainable
finance strategy alongside the operating entities.

The ESG Regulatory Committee at Executive Management level has
the objective of assessing the operational consequences of the main
new regulations. The representatives of Company Engagement of the
three operating divisions participate in this Committee.

Since 2021, the sustainable finance Committees involving members
of the Executive Management have been working to strengthen the
integration of these CSR and climate challenges into the Group’s
strategy and within each entity.
The main Committees are as follows:

It met twice in 2024, and the following topics were discussed:
■ ESG legal risk trends;
■ reports by the European Supervisory Authorities on the risk of

greenwashing;
■ the directive on the European duty of care;
■ the European regulation on ESG rating activities.

Sustainable Finance Strategic Committee
The objective of the Sustainable Finance Strategic Committee is to
determine BNP Paribas’ strategy and major commitments in terms
of sustainability, particularly on the topics of climate change, ESG
risk and social inclusion. It decides on the major financial objectives
relating to ESG topics and monitors their operational
implementation. It validates the methods, data, analyses, risk
management, application of standards and commitments made by
the Group in publications relating to sustainable finance. It is chaired
by the Chief Executive Officer and the permanent members include
representatives of the three operating divisions. It met five times in
2024.
In 2024, the following topics were discussed, considering the
impacts, risks and opportunities of BNP Paribas’ activities:
■ ESG Pillar 3 disclosure and computation of financed emissions;
■ analysis and update of ESG risks;
■ credit portfolio review to ensure the achievement of alignment

objectives;
■ monitoring of the CSR dashboard.

Sustainable Finance Infrastructure Committee
The Sustainable Finance Infrastructure Committee aims at
industrialising ESG processes, data and reporting to measure and
monitor the impacts, risks and opportunities regarding sustainable
finance. Its mission is to meet the growing needs of customers,
regulators, and investors. It brings together key contributors from
different business lines and functions. It is chaired by the Deputy
Chief Executive Officer, who is also Chief Operating Officer and met
nine times in 2024.

Monitoring and controls of impacts, risks and
opportunities
Several BNP Paribas bodies are dedicated to the control and
monitoring of impacts, risks and opportunities.

Executive Management
BNP Paribas Group’s Executive Management relies on the control
and supervisory bodies, and on the Group existing internal control
framework to control, manage, monitor and propose objectives in
terms of impacts, risks and opportunities. It reports to the Board of
directors.
The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the organisation and
internal control procedures and for all the information required by
law under the internal control report as described in the Group’s
Articles of association (see chapter 8 General Information,
7. Founding documents and Articles of association).

Executive Committee
The Executive Committee is the highest steering body of
BNP Paribas, under the responsibility of the Chief Executive Officer. It
meets to share relevant information and decide on the orientations
with regard to the management of the Group’s activities.
The Head of Company Engagement presents quarterly and annually
the progress of the CSR dashboard indicators, which are correlated
with the Group’s impacts and opportunities (see section 2.a Strategy,
business model and value chain in this chapter).

Group Supervisory & Control Committee (GSCC)

■ physical risks: tools, data and models;

The GSCC brings together the Group’s various control functions
around the Executive Management and oversees matters relating to
operational risks and internal control. As such, it deals in a
cross‑cutting manner with all the dimensions of operational risk to
which the Group may be exposed, including ESG risks. It is chaired
by the Chief Executive Officer and is held twice a month.

■ ESG Assessment which is an ESG risk management tool (see

General Management Credit Committee (CCDG)

In 2024, the following topics, considering the impacts, risks and
opportunities of BNP Paribas’ business, were discussed:
■ development of the Sustainability Academy;

chapter 5 Risk and Capital Adequacy – Pillar 3, appendix 5:
Environmental, social and governance risks, ESG‑Assessment);
■ restriction list;
■ HR and training processes.

7

7

The General Management Credit Committee (CCDG) is the highest
body in the Group regarding credit and counterparty risk. This
Committee mainly decides on credit requests whose amount exceeds
the individual delegations allocated by operational division and
business line or which relate to transactions of a particular nature
that derogate from the principles of the General Credit Policy. A
representative of Company Engagement may take part in the CCDG.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

687

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

1.B INTEGRATION OF
SUSTAINABILITY‑RELATED PERFORMANCE
IN INCENTIVE SCHEMES
A 15% portion of the annual variable compensation of the Executive
Officers (the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officers)
is linked to the Group’s CSR performance, considering in particular
two indicators related to climate‑related issues: the reduction of the
carbon footprint on the Group’s own operations and the amount of
the support enabling clients to transition to a low‑carbon economy.
For more details, see chapter 2. Corporate governance and internal
control, section 2.1.3 Compensation and benefits awarded to the
Group’s directors and corporate officers, paragraph Criteria linked to
the Group’s CSR performance.
The remuneration of the corporate officers is subject to an ex‑post
vote of the Ordinary General Meeting.

1.C RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL
CONTROLS OVER SUSTAINABILITY
REPORTING
The internal control framework for sustainability reporting is mainly
based on:
■ a map of existing data production processes and a data

■ a gap analysis between regulatory disclosure requirements and

sustainability disclosures;
■ a control framework based on generic controls applicable by

the sustainability information production functions and certified
by the managers of the corresponding functions. The Finance &
Strategy department handles the second line of defence in its
area of expertise.
Information on the main characteristics of the Group’s internal
control is detailed in chapter 2 Corporate governance and internal
control, 2.4 Internal Control. The risk management system related to
the sustainability reporting process follows the same process as the
Group’s risk management framework described in this chapter.
The Audit Committee oversees the process of preparing the
sustainability information published under Directive (EU) 2022/2464
on corporate sustainability reporting. In this context, the Audit
Committee examines issues relating to sustainability statements,
including the double materiality assessment, the results of indicators
and any issues that may generate potential risks.

1.D DUE DILIGENCE APPROACH
BNP Paribas is subject to Law No. 2017‑399 of 27 March 2017 on the
duty of care. Each year, it publishes a vigilance plan in response to
this legal obligation.

collection flowchart;
■ a matrix of roles and responsibilities created as part of the

sustainability reporting implementation project;

➤ TABLE NO. 1: ESSENTIAL ELEMENTS OF DUE DILIGENCE
Essential elements of due diligence

Paragraphs in the sustainability statement

a) Embed due diligence into governance, strategy and business model Chapter 7.1.1 General Disclosures,
1.a Role of administrative, management and supervisory bodies in
sustainability
and 2.a Strategy, business model and value chain
b) Engage with affected stakeholders in all key steps of the due
diligence process

Chapter 7.1.1 General Disclosures,

c) Identify and assess adverse impacts

Chapter 7.1.1 General Disclosures,

2.b Interests and view of stakeholders
3.a Description of the process to identify and assess material impacts,
risks and opportunities

688

d) Addressing these adverse impacts

All the “Actions” or “Impact, Risk and Opportunity Management (IRO)”
parts of the following chapters 7.1.2 Climate change, 7.1.4 Own
workforce, 7.1.5 Consumers and end‑users, 7.1.6 Business conduct

e) Tracking the effectiveness of these efforts and communicate

Chapter 7.1.1 General Disclosures, 1.a Role of administrative,
management and supervisory bodies in sustainability and
2.a Strategy, business model and value chain

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

2.

7

STRATEGY, BUSINESS MODEL AND STAKEHOLDERS

2.A STRATEGY, BUSINESS MODEL AND VALUE CHAIN
A diversified and integrated business model
BNP Paribas relies on its diversified and integrated model to respond in a coordinated manner to the needs of its clients and create value. This
model, based on risk diversification, is based on three operating divisions, whose expertise is complementary:
■ Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB) (1): acting as a bridge between corporate and institutional clients, CIB aims to connect the

financing needs of our corporate clients with the investment needs of our institutional clientele;
■ Commercial, Personal Banking & Services (CPBS) (2): it brings together all commercial banks and several specialised businesses;
■ Investment & Protection Services (IPS) (3): it federates the activities of protection, savings, investment and real estate services.

➤ CHART NO. 2: ORGANISATION OF THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP

A DIVERSIFIED AND INTEGRATED MODEL

Corporate
& Institutional
Banking (CIB)

Solid
financial
structure

Commercial,
Personal Banking
& Services (CPBS)

€17.9bn

€26.8bn

NBI(1)

Sector
diversification
and prudent risk
management

NBI(1)

Comprehensive
and long-term
client-centric
approach

Integrated
platforms and
approaches

Investment
& Protection
Services (IPS)

7

€5.8bn
NBI(1)

(1) NBI: net banking income – For CPBS, NBI includes 100% of Private Banking in Commercial & Personal Banking (excluding PEL/CEL effect).

The Group’s integrated model leads to strong cohesion between all
businesses, strengthens its performance in all environments and
gives it a real competitive advantage. This balanced and resilient
model is focused on the clients that BNP Paribas supports daily and
over the long term. The large diversification of this model by client
segments, geographies, sectors and businesses gives the Group
stability, performance and growth, thus meeting the demand of
BNP Paribas’ investors.

In a complex and often uncertain context, the distinctive and
powerful nature of this model makes it possible to continue to
support clients over the long term in the achievment of their
projects, including their transition to a more sustainable economy by
providing them with advice and products dedicated to their
transition.

(1) https://group.bnpparibas/en/group/our‑businesses‑and‑expertise/corporate‑institutional‑banking
(2) https://group.bnpparibas/en/group/our‑businesses‑and‑expertise/commercial‑personal‑banking‑services
(3) https://group.bnpparibas/en/group/our‑businesses‑and‑expertise/investment‑protection‑services

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

689

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

BNP Paribas operates in a broad economic and financial
environment, both in terms of financial activities and in terms of
geographical scope, particularly in Europe, the Middle East and
Africa (EMEA), Asia Pacific and the Americas.

➤ TABLE NO. 2: DISTRIBUTION OF EMPLOYEES BY

With its various entities and their human, financial and technical
resources, BNP Paribas covers several sectors of activity by creating
and distributing products and services, as presented in the following
table. The proposed breakdown takes up the Group’s three‑division
organisation (in line) and anticipates the implementation of the
regulatory nomenclature of the business sectors (1) (in column).

GEOGRAPHICAL AREA

2024
EMEA(*)

153,892

Asia Pacific

19,638

Americas

8,088

Total Workforce

181,618

(*)EMEA: Europe, Middle East, Africa.

➤ TABLE NO. 3: PRESENTATION OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OF THE GROUP’S OPERATING DIVISIONS
ACCORDING TO THE NOMENCLATURE OF EUROPEAN ACTIVITIES

ESRS sectors

Credit institution

CPBS

Deposit collection

Capital Markets

Insurance

Operational leasing
of motor vehicles

Real estate activities

Vehicle long‑term
leasing (Arval)

Individual,
Distribution of banking
professional and services (day‑to‑day
corporate
banking, flow solutions)
customers.
Physical networks Distribution of savings,
investment (including
and online
life insurance) and
banking
pension solutions
Distribution of property
and life insurance
products
Distribution of financing
solutions (loans,
long‑term leasing, lease
with an option to buy,
factoring)
CIB

Financing Services
(Credit, bond issues,
securitisation)

Primary and secondary
activity on the interest
rate, foreign exchange,
credit and commodities
markets
Derivatives and Equity
Services

Treasury Management
for Corporations and
Financial Institutions

M&A advisory

Brokerage, clearing and
custody
IPS

Credit, deposit
Third‑party asset
collection and
management for all
investment solutions for types of clients
Private Banking clients

Production and
distribution of insurance
and savings products
(including life insurance)
of persons and goods

(1) According to the ESRS sectors defined by the DRAFT of the European ESRS SEC 1 standard published on 12 September 2024 by EFRAG.

690

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Production and
distribution of real
estate and management
services on behalf of
third parties

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

These products and services are distributed through BNP Paribas’
downstream value chain by specialised businesses (Retail Banking,
for example), thus constituting the commercial activity of the
Group’s integrated model. The upstream part of the Group’s value
chain and its internal operations constitutes the operational scope,
which is essential for its commercial activities. For the purpose of

7

this report, the Group has carried out a double materiality
assessment on the value chain of its integrated model, for which
BNP Paribas has, through its activities (operational scope and core
business), a direct business relationship (customers and
counterparties in particular).

➤ CHART NO. 3: VALUE CHAIN OF BNP PARIBAS’ INTEGRATED MODEL
Operational scope
Upstream

Core business

Own operations

Downstream

Credit institution

Suppliers &
Subcontractors

Benefits

Purchases of
BNP Paribas
shares

Investors

Capital Markets

Group workforce

Insurance
Buildings & Data Centers

Operational leasing
of motor vehicles
Real estate activities

Products &
Services

Clients & Counterparties
Individuals / Corporates /
Sovereigns

Distributors
Internal or external

Actor

Activity

This representation describes the Group’s value chain, without distinction by activity or business line, reflecting on the one hand the diversity of
services offered to customers by the Group’s business lines, and the scope of application of sustainability policies on the other hand. This value
chain therefore includes non‑bank subsidiaries such as Arval (long‑term vehicle rental) and Cardif (insurer).

Sustainability Strategy Overview
The Group’s corporate social responsibility (CSR) strategy consists in
supporting all clients, individuals, companies and institutions, in
their transition to a carbon‑neutral economy that makes reasonable
use of the planet’s resources and allows the inclusion of the most
vulnerable while having responsible business conduct. The Group
relies on all its employees to achieve this.

The strategy is structured around four thematics described below,
that reflect its CSR challenges. It is part of a process of continuous
improvement and aims to participate in the construction of a more
sustainable world while ensuring the Group’s stability and
performance. This ambition is reflected in the GTS (Growth,
Technology, Sustainability) strategic plan, of which sustainable
development is one of the three major axes. Its deployment involves
all of the Group’s businesses, functions, subsidiaries and
geographies, under the aegis of governance organised at the highest
level of the Group and described above.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

691

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Objectives
The strategic plan defines quantified CSR objectives. These indicators
reflect the ambition to cover broad fields: energy transition, social
inclusion, employee training, etc. They are included in the CSR
dashboard (see below) and allow BNP Paribas to monitor and
evaluate the effectiveness of its strategy in relation to its
sustainability objectives. These objectives are divided into four
thematics: economic, social, civic and environmental:

to achieve this and aims to develop the potential and
commitment of all the Group’s employees to broaden the
expertise that constitutes the foundation of its collective
performance. This ambition is driven by the People Strategy and
implemented by the Human Resources function within the
Group’s businesses and functions around three pillars: ethics
and inclusion, employee experience and human capital;
■ civic: the Group wants to be a committed player in society.

BNP Paribas defines actions to promote the financial inclusion
of customers who do not have access to banking services;

■ economic: BNP Paribas, as a major financing player in Europe,

deploys sustainable financial solutions through loans, bonds
and funds under articles 8 and 9 of the SFDR (1). The economic
pillar is also reflected in the promotion of the best ethical
standards and the integration of the management of
environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues into risk
management processes;

■ environmental: BNP Paribas’ main lever of action is to support

■ social:

given today’s major societal, environmental and
technological challenges, BNP Paribas has a responsibility to
support its clients in their transitions towards sustainable
solutions. BNP Paribas places people at the heart of its strategy

the ecological transition of economic players. To this end,
BNP Paribas directs the financing and investments it grants or
facilitates in favour of an economy compatible with the planet
boundaries and supports the clients of its various operating
entities in their ecological transition. BNP Paribas also takes
action to reduce its direct environmental impacts, with the aim
of continuous improvement and employee involvement. In 2024,
the principles guiding the Group’s environmental action were
published in its “BNP Paribas Environmental Framework (2)”.

CSR management dashboard
➤ TABLE NO. 4: CSR DASHBOARD
Thematic

Indicator

Economic

1

Amount of sustainable loans (in billion

2023 Result

2024 Result

2025 Objectives

117

133

150

67

106

200

254

285

300

euros)

2

Amount of sustainable bonds (in billion
euros)

3

Amount of assets under management of
open‑ended funds distributed in Europe
articles 8 & 9 according to SFDR (in billion
euros)

Social

Civic

4

Share of women among the SMP
population (Senior Manager Position)

37%

39%

40%

5

Number of solidarity hours performed
by employees over two rolling years
(#1MillionHours2Help)

1,268,515
(in 2022 and 2023)

1,338,394
(in 2023 and 2024)

1,000,000

6

Share of employees who completed at
least four training courses during the
year

98%

99%

90%

7

Number of beneficiaries of products and
services supporting financial inclusion

3.9

5.0

6.0

104

179

200

4.3

5.4

4.0

1.56

1.48

1.85

(in millions)

Environmental

8

Amount of support enabling our clients
to transition to a low‑carbon economy
(in billion euros)

9

Amount of financing to companies
contributing to protecting terrestrial and
marine biodiversity (in billion euros)

10 Greenhouse gas emissions (in tCO2e/FTE)

(1) “Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation”: European regulation on sustainability‑related disclosures in the financial services sector, which came into force in March 2021,
which imposes transparency obligations on sustainable investment funds; Article 8 funds: products promoting environmental or social characteristics; “Article 9” funds:
products with a sustainable investment objective.
(2) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/BNP_Paribas_environmental_framework_2024.pdf

692

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The definitions in the dashboard are presented below:
Amount of sustainable loans: amount of loans at the end of the year,
drawn and undrawn, identified as sustainable by an internal
classification system, granted by BNP Paribas to its clients. The
Group’s transaction classification principles are based on external
standards such as those of the Loan Market Association as well as
on the substantial contribution criteria of the European taxonomy in
Europe.
Amount of sustainable bonds: cumulative amount at the end of the
year of all types of bonds identified as sustainable according to the
guidelines of the International Capital Market Association (ICMA)
issued by corporate clients, financial institutions and sovereign
clients, and arranged by BNP Paribas (total amount divided by the
number of bookrunners).
Amount of assets under management at year‑end in open‑ended
funds distributed in Europe articles 8 and 9 according to SFDR:
these are BNP Paribas Asset Management funds.
Percentage of women among the SMP (Senior Management
Position) population: the Group’s Senior Management Position
population is composed of employees holding approximately 3,000
positions considered to have the most significant impact from a
strategic, commercial, functional and expertise point of view. The
percentage is calculated on the basis of SMP positions occupied.
Number of solidarity hours performed by employees: as part of the
#1MillionHours2Help programme, including long‑term corporate
volunteering set up under the Diversity and Inclusion Agreement in
France.
Share of employees who completed at least four training courses in
the year, including mandatory training such as compliance.
Number of beneficiaries of products and services supporting
financial inclusion: number of Nickel accounts opened at the end of
the year since its creation, and number of beneficiaries of microloans
distributed by the Microfinance Institutions financed by the Group
(in proportion to the financing) as of 30 September of the year.
Amount of support enabling our clients to transition to a
low‑carbon economy: cumulative amount at the end of the year of
financial support identified as contributing to the transition to a
low‑carbon economy according to an internal classification system.
This amount overlaps with part of the amounts in indicators 1
(sustainable loans) and 2 (sustainable bonds) as well as the
financial support provided in some cases in the form of private
issues, financial advisory and IPOs.
Amount of financing for companies contributing to the protection of
terrestrial and marine biodiversity: cumulative amount at the end of
the year of financial products and services (loans, bonds, etc.)
contributing to the protection of terrestrial and marine biodiversity.
The contribution to the protection of biodiversity is identified by an
internal classification system (1). This amount overlaps with part of
the amounts in indicators 1 (sustainable loans) and 2 (sustainable
bonds).

7

Greenhouse gas emissions in tCO2e/FTE (kWh buildings and
business travel): greenhouse gas emissions for one year for scope 1
(direct emissions due to the combustion of fossil fuels),
scope 2 (2) (indirect emissions due to the purchase of energy) and for
part of scope 3 (emissions related to employee business travel), in
terms of the number of Group employees (FTEs).

2024 Results
The year 2024 confirmed BNP Paribas’ position as a global leader in
ESG credit and bonds for the consecutive year (3). Despite a
slowdown in global economic activity at the end of the year,
BNP Paribas is well positioned to achieve almost all its ambitious
economic, social, civic and environmental objectives by 2025.
In a growing market for sustainable loans, BNP Paribas maintains its
position as a world leader in sustainability‑linked loans (SLL) and
green loans, which contribute to the good level of sustainable loans
granted by the Group (+14%, indicator 1).
In addition, BNP Paribas confirmed its growth (+11% compared to
2023 production) and its position as the world leader in sustainable
bonds in 2024 for the second consecutive year according to Dealogic
(indicator 2), and as the leader in green bonds.
Thanks to positive inflows and a favourable market effect, the
amount of assets under management of the funds opened by
BNP Paribas Asset Management distributed in Europe classified as
articles 8 and 9 according to the SFDR regulation (indicator 3) rose
by 12%, with 43 new funds launched 2024, including 16 funds
reclassified as article 8 or 9.
Of the three social objectives, the Group is perfectly in line with its
2025 objectives. The number of women in management is increasing,
reaching 39% of the SMP population (indicator 4). The million
solidarity hours were exceeded again thanks to the commitment of
employees (indicator 5). Finally, the number of training courses
completed is well above the target (indicator 6).
The growth of the Nickel accounts and a strong increase in financing
for Microfinance Institutions led to a significant increase
(+1.1 million) in the number of beneficiaries of products and services
promoting financial inclusion (indicator 7).
The indicator relating to customer support in the transition to a
low‑carbon economy (indicator 8) grew very strongly in 2024 (+25%
compared to 2023 production), in particular as a result of the
Low‑Carbon Transition Group (250 specialised bankers) and the
financing granted to individual customers in the area of mobility and
housing.

7

The biodiversity indicator (indicator 9), which is non‑material in the
sense of the CSRD, continues to grow due to transactions
(sustainability‑linked loans, sustainability‑linked bonds) containing
one or more biodiversity‑related indicators.
Finally, the level of greenhouse gas emissions per employee
decreased again (indicator 10), well above the 2025 target and
reflecting the Group’s ongoing efforts to reduce its energy
consumption and the business travel of its employees

(1) Examples: implementation of practices that are more respectful of biodiversity upstream in the supply chains of agricultural commodities, increase in the share of agricultural
commodities that do not contribute to deforestation, rehabilitation of quarries after exploitation, etc.
(2) Computed with a location‑based approach
(3) Dealogic 2024: total of sustainable, green and social bonds, sustainability‑linked bond as well as green and social loans, ESG‑linked loans, sustainability‑linked loans.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

693

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Implementing the strategy in operational processes

Main stakeholders

BNP Paribas’ sustainability strategy takes into accounts the Group’s
material impacts, risks and opportunities, and is operationally rolled
out in the strategic plan through its sustainability axis. It is itself
built around three strategic pillars to accelerate the implementation
of the Group’s commitments:

The Group identifies several stakeholders of different types and with
different levels of interaction, including its customers (individuals,
professionals, corporate clients and institutions), its employees and
employee representative bodies , its shareholders (individual and
institutional investors), its suppliers, financial and extra‑financial
rating agencies, regulatory bodies and public authorities, civil society
and its organisations. Some of these stakeholders, with whom
BNP Paribas has direct and regular communication, have been
included in the double materiality analysis described below.

■ align the Group’s portfolios with trajectories compatible with

collective carbon neutrality by 2050. Details of the objectives,
baseline years and scenarios, scopes covered, and progress are
described in chapter 7.1.2. Climate change;
■ support clients in their transition to a sustainable and

low‑carbon economy through the mobilisation of all the Group’s
businesses to develop a wide range of sustainable finance
products and mobilise, by 2025, 250 professionals from the
Low‑Carbon Transition Group and from the Low‑carbon &
Sustainability for MidCaps and SMEs to help clients accelerate
their transition;
expertise, management tools, processes and
systems through the Sustainability Academy training (see
chapter 7.1.4 Own workforce, 2. Impacts, risks and opportunities
management), strengthened governance (see chapter 7.1.1.
General Disclosures, section 1. Governance) and dedicated tools
such as ESG Assessment.

Organisation of the dialogue with stakeholders
BNP Paribas has implemented a structured organisation to interact
with its stakeholders and relies on several internal policies
governing relationships with them to guide its approach. For
example:
■ with regard to customers, the policy for the protection of the

interests of clients defines the rules of organisation and
conduct that must be applied by the Group throughout the
relationship with the customer, and at all stages of the life
cycle of products and services (see chapter 7.1.5. Consumers
and end‑users);

■ strengthen

As part of its continuous approach to improving its operational
processes, BNP Paribas is facing two particularly salient challenges
regarding sustainability issues:
■ knowledge of clients’ ESG risks. The Group’s clients’ knowledge

of their own risks is still fragmented. Therefore, the assessment
of BNP Paribas’ impacts, risks and opportunities requires
continuous improvement;

■ BNP Paribas’ sustainable sourcing charter reiterates the Group’s

ethical principles and commitments to its suppliers and vice
versa.
In addition, each type of stakeholder has identified contacts within
BNP Paribas, at the level of a function or a business line. The Group
thus adapts and deploys several channels of dialogue with its
stakeholders, the main ones being listed below.
■ customers are in contact with dedicated sales teams according

to their profile and needs. Their interests and views are
collected in particular as part of the Advocacy programme for
listening to the voice of customers (Net Promoter System
integrating the Net Promoter Score, relationship surveys,
transactional surveys). These channels of dialogue are
complemented by the handling of complaints at the level of
each Group entity and by the services of independent mediators
(see chapter 7.1.5. Consumers and end‑users, 2.b. Processes for
engaging with consumers and end‑users about impacts);

■ the availability and reliability of ESG data. The calculation of

ESG targets or indicators is hampered by the low availability of
ESG data and by the variability of the calculation methodologies
especially the one used by clients. Thus, the use of estimates is
necessary but raises an issue regarding the representativeness
of the data.

2.B INTERESTS AND VIEWS OF STAKEHOLDERS
Purposes of the dialogue with stakeholders

■ for employees and employee representative bodies, the Group’s

Human Resources Department are the privileged interlocutors.
The interests and points of view of employees are collected
through surveys specified below;

Dialogue with its stakeholders is an integral part of BNP Paribas’
social and environmental responsibility.
The Group’s commitment to maintain an open and constructive
dialogue with its stakeholders aims primarily at better identifying
and understanding the interests, points of view and expectations of
its stakeholders, as well as the impacts of its activity.

■ for shareholders (individual and institutional investors) and

The Group can thus take them into consideration in the development
of its products and services’ offering, in line with the real needs of
customers, the evolution of its activities and the definition of its
strategy.
This interactive approach is also key to inform and explain to the
stakeholders the Group’s decisions and actions, with the aim of
ensuring transparency and clarity.

694

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

financial and extra‑financial rating agencies, the dedicated
contacts are Investor Relations and Financial Reporting (RIIF),
and the ESG Transparency & Performance (ESG T&P) team
within the Company Engagement Department for ESG topics.
BNP Paribas presents its CSR strategy to investors several times
a year and regularly informs extra‑financial analysts;

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

■ for BNP Paribas’ suppliers and subcontractors, the Procurement

& Performance (P&P) Department organises regular follow‑up
meetings to collect feedback and implement progress plans.
The team also holds annual events dedicated to the Group’s key
suppliers and shares satisfaction surveys (“Pacte PME” - SME
barometer) which are all channels for feedback and dialogue.
BNP Paribas also has an independent internal ombudsman,
whose contact details are published on the Group’s corporate
website, and who offers a mean of appeal in the event of a
dispute;
■ the Department of Institutional Affairs regularly exchanges with

regulatory bodies and public authorities, in compliance with the
charter for responsible representation with respect to the
public authorities;
■ civil society and its organisations are in contact with the

Company Engagement and Communication teams and the
business lines. Within the Company Engagement Department, a
team is dedicated to relationships with advocacy NGOs.
Targeted surveys, social dialogue, employee networks, and the
whistleblowing platform are among the tools used by the Group to
listen to employees.

Pulse surveys: measuring engagement and well‑being
of employees
To better understand employee engagement, their adherence to the
Company’s strategy, their perception of management and to measure
their level of satisfaction and well‑being at work, BNP Paribas has
been regularly conducting relationship surveys since 2020, which are
delegated to entities around the world. These entities have the
opportunity to highlight their own issues and to define specific action
plans related to each working environment.
In 2024, 90% of employees were surveyed. The overall engagement
score resulting from the consolidation of all local engagement scores
reaches a high level of nearly 85%.
In addition, every two years, a global Group survey is conducted
among all employees on the topics of Conduct & Inclusion.

The quality of life at work assessment survey:
assessing the quality of life at work and identifying
psychosocial risks
Built in consultation with the medical coordinator of BNP Paribas SA
in France, based on recognised scientific work, the Group conducts
an annual survey to assess the quality of life at work, in order to
provide an objective measure of the levels of stress and well‑being
at work as well as the factors likely to explain them. In 2024, it
reached more than 45,000 employees. The survey is used to measure
employees’ feelings about their working conditions and to set up
action plans as close as possible to the teams.

7

Social dialogue
Social dialogue is essential for the Group in order to integrate the
interests and rights of employees into its overall strategy. This
commitment is reflected at the European level through Committees
promoting social dialogue and at a global level through global Group
agreements.
Regarding the employee representative bodies in France, the Central
Social and Economic Committee (CSEC) of BNP Paribas SA as well as
the CSE of the Group’s subsidiaries in France are regularly informed
of the Group’s policy regarding CSR strategy, commitments and
achievements. The CSEC of BNP Paribas SA was notably informed in
2024 by the Company Engagement Department, of the Group
long‑term CSR strategy aiming at supporting its customers and the
resulting concrete actions.
At the European level, a European Group Works Council exists since
1996. Indeed, the European Committee (EC) (1) created in 1996 is a
structure for information, exchange of views and dialogue that
covered 22 European countries and about 73% of total headcount at
the end of 2024. Through this body, BNP Paribas has set up a
consultation mechanism to ensure that the views of its employees
are heard and considered. Thus, in 2024, progress on the
implementation of the strategic plan and the associated People
Strategy (Human Resources strategy) was shared with the European
Committee. Presentations and discussions were held in particular on
the Group’s mobility policy, the evolution of the learning experience
of employees and the evolution of customer offers.
At the global level, social dialogue is guaranteed by the Global
Agreement. Indeed, in line with the 2018 agreement entitled
“Fundamental Rights and Global Social Framework” (Global
Agreement), a new Global Agreement was signed for four years on
4 November 2024 between BNP Paribas and UNI Global Union, the
global union representing the banking and insurance sectors, with
the participation of Fecec (2), the Group’s European Works Council
and the two representative trade unions at Group level in France.
This new agreement reinforces the global social floor common to all
Group employees in all the countries in which it operates: new ways
of working, technological transformations, professional equality and
the fight against discrimination, support for parenthood, health and
well‑being at work.
The agreement also includes concrete and measurable
commitments on human rights and fundamental rights at work, in
particular the right to freedom of association and collective
bargaining (3), to support the continued sustainable growth of the
Group’s activities and the development of satisfactory working
conditions for employees. This new agreement will be implemented
in all the Group’s locations, thus enriching the common social floor
and improving the rights of employees in several countries about
local regulations. It will be monitored annually within the framework
of a dedicated joint Committee.

7

(1) Still including the post‑Brexit UK.
(2) European Federation of Credit and Financial Institutions Executives.
(3) In line with the 10 principles of the Global Compact and 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human
Rights (UNGPs), OECD guidelines, internationally accepted human rights standards as defined in the International Bill of Human Rights and the International Labour
Organization’s (ILO) core labour conventions on the principles and fundamental labour rights.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

695

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Employee resource groups
BNP Paribas’ internal employee resource groups promote diversity,
inclusion and social well‑being. They offer spaces for transversal and
informal exchanges, constituting information relays and sources of
innovation. In 2024, these resource groups organised numerous
events in 25 countries on various themes such as professional
equality,
sexual
orientation,
intergenerational,
parenting,
ethno‑cultural origins and disability.

Employees’ whistleblowing right
BNP Paribas employees have the right to whistleblowing, allowing
them to report in good faith serious breaches, threats to the public
interest, or violations of standards and regulations, including the
Group’s Code of conduct and internal procedures. The right to
whistleblowing and the protection of whistleblowers is dealt with in
chapter 7.1.4 Own workforce, 2.b Processes for engaging with own
workers and workers’ representatives about impacts.

Consideration of the interests and views of
stakeholders
The interests and views expressed by internal stakeholders
(employees, social partners) and external stakeholders (investors,
NGOs) feed into the Group’s strategic thinking and decisions.
Committed to involving its employees in its strategy, the BNP Paribas
Group implements tools in order to regularly listen to its employees
and their expectations in order to enrich its strategy and action plan.
The “People Strategy” was developed in 2021 and 2022 by the
Human Resources Department and based on listening to a wide
variety of employees, in 40 countries, in order to consider their
expectations, particularly in terms of strengthening ethics and
inclusion, improving the employee experience, and developing skills.
The Company Engagement Department, including the teams in
charge of CSR topics, is in regular contact with several external
stakeholders (investors, NGOs). Their dialogue with stakeholders
informed their work during the construction of the Sustainability
pillar of the Group’s strategic plan.
In the context of the European CSRD regulation, the interests and
views of several key stakeholders (employees, clients, investors,
NGOs) were considered in the realisation of the Group’s double
materiality analysis (see section 3.a. Description of the processes to
identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities of this
chapter).
The CSR policy is steered by the teams in charge of CSR within the
Company Engagement Department, represented on the Group’s
Executive Committee, which regularly decides on CSR issues.

Presentation of the interests and views of
stakeholders in BNP Paribas’ governance
The sustainable finance governance bodies, the Executive Committee
and the Board of directors of BNP Paribas are informed of the
interests and views of stakeholders on the Company’s impacts in
terms of sustainability through the Company Engagement
Department. The latter is also represented in the Sustainable
Finance Strategic Committee, chaired by the Group’s Chief Executive
Officer. This Committee decides on the overall sustainable finance
strategy and the commitments made by the Group.
In addition, the major sustainability topics addressed by investors,
the Group’s clients and NGOs, as well as the number of interactions
with these stakeholders, are presented annually by the teams in
charge to the Sustainability Committee, which brings together all the
Group’s CSR teams and managers.
The presentations made by the Executive Management to employee
representatives in the CSEC of BNP Paribas SA as well as in the CSE
of the Group’s subsidiaries in France during the mandatory annual
consultations are opportunities to discuss the Group’s strategy, and
in particular the sustainability strategy (in its three ESG dimensions).
These presentations allow the members of the CSEC to ask questions
to the Executive Management, to obtain answers to all their
questions and to express their points of view and those of the
employees. At the end of these meetings, employee representatives
share their observations and points of attention with Executive
Management, as was the case in 2024, in particular on better
consideration of the voice of employees, on improving
communication for employees on the topics of the energy and
environmental transition, the quality of life at work and the training
and employability of employees, especially seniors. The Executive
Management validates the answers to these observations and points
of attention, which are then shared by Group Head of Human
Resources to the Board of directors and then to the employee
representatives.
In addition, with regard to the disclosure of employees’ interests and
views relating to the Company’s impacts in terms of sustainability,
the Board of directors of BNP Paribas:
■ was informed by Group Head of Human Resources of the

answers to the observations and points of attention raised by
the CSEC following the presentation by the Executive
Management of the Group’s strategy and the sustainability
strategy;
■ was informed of the Group’s diversity and inclusion policy and

the actions implemented following the results of the Conduct &
Inclusion survey conducted in 2023 among employees;
■ was informed about the implementation of the People Strategy

as well as the results of targeted employee surveys measuring
their engagement, satisfaction and quality of life at work.

696

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

3.

7

MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

The activities of BNP Paribas’ corporate clients are likely to be
subject to negative impacts and ESG risks. In order to limit and
monitor these potential impacts and risks, measure performance
and support clients in the transition, the Group has adopted a
comprehensive framework to identify them across all the Group’s
activities, and across all environmental, social and governance
dimensions. This framework makes it possible to combine both the
knowledge and the assessment of each client’s ESG performance
through the existing KYC onboarding processes, the ESG Assessment,
and the identification of material impacts, risks and opportunities at
the level of the Group’s consolidated portfolios, via the risk inventory
The complete framework is presented in the graphic below.

processes (Risk ID detailed in chapter 5 Risks and Capital Adequacy
– Pillar 3, Annex 5: Environmental, social and governance risks),
stakeholder consultation and the deployment of the strategic plan.
This framework is operationally integrated through the General
Credit Policy, sector‑specific policies including ESG criteria, the
Global Shareholding Policy, and policies related to the Group’s
investment strategies. Thus, these frameworks in place in the
various businesses allow for an in‑depth analysis and review of ESG
criteria during credit or investment Committees, and a client
engagement based on an in‑depth and documented study.

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

697

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The complete framework is presented in the graph below.

➤ CHART NO. 4: REPRESENTATION OF THE GLOBAL FRAMEWORK OF ESG RISK AND IMPACT MANAGEMENT
Investments (IPS)

Corporate financing (CIB + CPBS)
BNP Paribas Code of conduct approved by the Board of directors
Risk Appetite Framework
Group risk management framework approved by Executive Management: culture of risk management
and control, including the environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks of BNP Paribas

Global system

Deployment of ESG issues
in investment strategies
Integration of ESG criteria
Exclusion of certain sectors
(RBC policy – Responsible
Business Conduct)
Responsible Business Conduct
and long-term perspective

Global shareholding
policy

Complementary measures

Dialogue with issuers
Application of a voting policy
Engagement with companies

Complementary
monitoring
and exclusion list
List extended to cover the
entire investment universe

Know Your Customer Process (KYC)
Integration of the ESG performance and risks analysis for the client in the KYC process, when entering into a relationship with
a Business Group and during the various stages of the relationship, such as the periodic KYC recertification of Legal Entities

ESG Assessment
Systematic identification, assessment and monitoring of the ESG performance and risks of corporate clients to establish
their "ESG profile", as part of the credit process and the annual client review
Initial assessment, then regular assessment (frequency determined by the client's ESG risk level)
Questionnaires covering ESG dimensions and integrating sectoral policies, supplemented by an analysis of ESG
controversies

Global Credit Policy
Systematic ESG analysis

Restriction
of activity list

Sector
policies

Excluded goods and
services (tobacco,
asbestos, etc.)

Mandatory
ESG criteria
Additional
assessment
criteria

Monitoring and
exclusion list
Companies that the
Group does not wish
to finance or wishes
to monitor for ESG
reasons

CSR analysis
ad hoc
Issuance of
specific expert
opinions on:
transactions
and/or companies
and/or sectors
and/or
controversies
(on a sector
and/or
counterparties)

Project
financing

Specific credit
policies

Procedures and
guidelines

Application of
the Equator
Principles
Systematic
application of
the Free, Prior
and Informed
Consent (FPIC)
of local
populations

All credit policies
have ESG criteria

Criteria for
labeling
sustainable
transactions
Consideration of
ESG assessments
in the credit
decision

Final decision

Analysis of all ESG elements

698

Investment /
Commitment /
Divestment

Unsatisfactory
assessment results

Satisfactory
assessment results

Adaptation of relationship and credit policy
(ex: monitoring and regular follow up of the client,
reduction of credit exposure, termination of relationship)

Start or continuation of activity

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

3.A DESCRIPTION OF THE PROCESSES TO IDENTIFY AND ASSESS MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS AND
OPPORTUNITIES
The Group was able to capitalise on the framework previously
presented in order to conduct its double materiality assessment and
identify the material impacts, risks and opportunities (IRO) on the
Group’s operational scope and commercial activities, by applying a
number of criteria and thresholds detailed below.

Structure of Double Materiality Analysis

BNP Paribas assesses the materiality of impacts for each ESG
sub‑topic, on a scale of 1‑Minimal to 5‑Critical, and considers an
impact as material from grade 3‑Material. The use of this scale
makes it possible to identify the material impacts of the Group’s
business model in response to stakeholders’ requests with the
current tools and knowledge of internal experts.
Please note that:

The Group carried out the double materiality analysis by following
four successive steps to cover ESG topics:

■ when

1. Understand and define (i) BNP Paribas’ value chain, in
particular by distinguishing the two sub‑scopes “operational
scope” and “commercial activities” covering all the Group’s
financial activities, and (ii) the ESG sub‑topics relevant to
BNP Paribas, which led to the addition of two entity‑specific
topics to the Group’s activities: “Cybersecurity” and “Market
integrity and financial security”;

■ the Group engages with all its stakeholders as described in

2. Identify the two sub‑perimeters of the value chain, (i) on the
one hand, the stakeholders and (ii) on the other hand, the
impacts, risks and opportunities at the level of the ESG
sub‑topics;
3. Assess, on the two sub‑perimeters of the value chain, the
materiality of impacts, risks and opportunities for each
sub‑topic on a scale of 1‑Minimal to 5‑Critical;
4. Determine, on the two sub‑perimeters of the value chain, the
materiality threshold for impacts, risks and opportunities;
when the rating is 3‑Important and above on at least one of
the three dimensions, then the sub‑topic is considered
material.
The methodology for double materiality analysis is the same for all
ESG topics, without distinction.

Methodology for Analysing Impact Materiality
The impact identification and assessment methodology is based on
the number of requests from the BNP Paribas Group’s main
stakeholders, whose requests are available, reliable and centralised
within the Company Engagement Department and therefore
operationally usable for impact analysis. These solicitations are
categorised by ESG sub‑topics and cover all the Group’s activities.
The impact assessment is carried out in two steps:
1. Inquiries from clients, investors, and non‑governmental
organisations (NGOs) received between 2022 and 2023, as well
as employees’ considerations from a 2021 survey, are counted
to determine the impact materiality score for each ESG
sub‑topic;

assessing the Group’s impacts, as it could not
differentiate with a reasonable level of confidence the time
horizons of the identified impacts, BNP Paribas has chosen to
apply a conservative approach, considering all impacts as
actual;
section 2.b. Interests and views of stakeholders in this chapter;

■ in order to avoid double counting at the identification step of

impacts, risks and opportunities, BNP Paribas’ positive impacts
related to financial opportunities for the Group have been
considered as opportunities and are therefore identified and
assessed as such.

Methodology for Analysing Financial Materiality
Risk dimension
The risk identification and assessment methodology is based on the
result of the Group’s risk inventory process, Risk ID, designed to
favour anticipation and promote a forward‑looking approach to risk
identification by BNP Paribas. Each year, Risk ID contributors have
access to an overview of the world’s major risks and additional
internal studies on ESG risks. This overview is based on studies by
international players (World Bank, Organisation for Economic
Co‑operation and Development, International Monetary Fund,
reinsurers, etc.) dealing, among other things, with ESG topics
(climate change, nature, social and corruption, in particular). Based
on this documentation and their expertise, Risk ID contributors, risk
experts from the Group’s various businesses and entities, including
the teams in charge of ESG risks and Compliance:
1. identify “risk events” related to types of banking risks: credit,
market, operational, reputational risks, etc.;

7

2. link these risk events to various risk factors, including ESG risk
factors (1);
3. assess the likelihood and severity of these risk events by
assessing their potential expected loss.

2. Following an analysis by ESG topic, an internal expert
adjustment is applied based on internal documents,
reputational risks and an expert assessment of the scale, scope
and irremediable character of the impact.

(1) Correspondence tables between the different Risk ID parameters make it possible to map risk events to one or more ESG topics, without double counting.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

699

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Based on these elements, the potential expected losses are grouped
by ESG risk factors and then compared on a scale of 1‑Minimal to
5‑Critical. This scale is set to the annualised expected loss threshold,
defined by BNP Paribas annually during internal capital adequacy
exercises (ICAAP exercise). Thus, the risks related to the ESG
sub‑topics are defined:

■

■ as material (from Grade 3‑Material), for ESG risk factors

exceeding the annualised expected loss threshold;
■ as non‑material (between grades 1‑Minimal and 2‑Informative),

for ESG risk factors that do not exceed the annualised expected
loss threshold.
Please note that:
■ contributors to Risk ID have to assess the relative materiality of

the identified risk events, up to a 30‑year horizon. Based on the
2024 risk inventory (available in early 2025), it will be possible
to assess the materiality of ESG risk factors in the short
(1 year), medium (1 to 3 years) and long term (3 to 30 years);
■ for physical and transition climate risks, Risk ID contributors

can rely on the overview of major risks, incorporating the
results of the various climate stress tests conducted by the
Group:
■

■

■

several exploratory analyses carried out on the residential
and commercial real estate portfolios consider a range of
acute hazards: forest fires, drought, hail, coastal flooding.
The study was carried out on the following climate scenarios:
RCP (1) 4.5 and RCP 8.5 and SSP (2) 1‑2.6 and SSP 5‑8.5 by
2050,
a stress test exercise was carried out on the residential and
commercial real estate portfolios as part of the Bank’s ICAAP
presentation (3), with a view to assessing the risk of flooding
(pluvial and riverine), in a scenario RCP 8.5 (high emissions)
by 2085,
the European Central Bank’s (ECB) stress test in 2022 aimed
to identify potential vulnerabilities related to transition
climate risk, both in the short term in the case of a disorderly
transition, and in the long term (30 years) depending on the
strategic choices of the banks in these different scenarios,

BNP Paribas has identified economic activities that are
incompatible with a transition to a low‑carbon economy or
require significant efforts to be compatible in its stress tests,
feeding Risk ID. The structuring assumptions of these
exercises are presented in the stress test section of
chapter 7.1.2. Climate change. In addition, Risk ID
contributors also have access to (i) a sector heatmap of
transition climate risks, (ii) countries’ ESG ratings, including
transition risks and (iii) a breakdown of BNP Paribas’ credit
portfolio alignment objectives. The Group’s risk inventory
thus includes several significant scenarios relating to
financial losses related to the divestiture of certain assets,
activities, sectors, counterparties that are too emissive and
do not have a transition trajectory compatible with the
Bank’s strategy and commitments;

■ the key climate assumptions made in BNP Paribas’ financial

statements are consistent with the climate scenarios used in
the various years presented above.

Opportunity dimension
BNP Paribas’ strategic plan identifies development opportunities for
the Group. To be consistent with operational tools and processes, the
methodology for identifying opportunities is based on this strategic
plan and on existing commercial offers linked to ESG sub‑topics.
The methodology for evaluating opportunities is based on:
1. the identification of a Group strategic commitment monitored
through a performance indicator and linked to an ESG
sub‑topic;
2. the objectives for achieving the strategic plan and/or on a
qualitative assessment of the cost reductions related to the
operational scope.
BNP Paribas assesses the materiality of opportunities for each ESG
sub‑topic, on a scale of 1‑Minimal to 5‑Critical. The materiality
threshold is determined from grade 3‑Important and corresponds to
an ESG sub‑topic related to a strategic commitment followed by a
performance indicator.
Please note that:
■ as the quantification of opportunities corresponds to the

achievement of the strategic plan, the materiality of the
opportunities is assessed over the medium term;
■ the methodology for identifying and assessing opportunities is

not specific to climate change.

(1) RCP (Representative Concentration Pathway): greenhouse gas emission scenarios used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) to determine possible climate
changes.
(2) SSP (Share Socio‑economic Pathways): socio‑economic declination of the IPCC’s RCP scenarios.
(3) ICAAP (Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process): a capital requirement banking exercise.

700

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Governance and internal control

Synthesis of the double materiality assessment

The Company Engagement, RISK and Finance Functions respectively
carry out the analysis of impacts, risks and opportunities, and then a
harmonisation is carried out before presentation for validation to the
BNP Paribas governance. This overall review ensures the coherence
of the three parts of the assessment and is based, where
appropriate, on additional ad hoc analyses, for example sectoral
heatmaps or available customer questionnaires.

BNP Paribas’ operational framework for managing impacts, risks and
opportunities covers all ESG topics, but the double materiality
assessment as defined above provides a filter for material topics for
the Group. An ESG topic is material when:

The assessment of impacts, risks and opportunities is based on
operational processes already in place, with their own and
integrated governance:

(ii) indirectly through its financial activities, are above a certain
annualised expected loss threshold;

■ the risk inventory has three levels of validation as well as a

second level control;
■ the objectives for achieving the strategic plan have the same

control framework as BNP Paribas’ other information, including
three lines of defence, detailed in in chapter 2 Corporate
governance and internal control, 2.4 Internal Control.

7

■ the Group’s negative impacts on the topic are considered

significant by stakeholders;
■ the risks generated by the topic, (i) directly on the Group or

■ the opportunities related to the topic are defined as part of the

Group’s strategic plan and monitored by a performance
indicator.
This process and the results of the double materiality assessment
will be reviewed annually and may therefore evolve in the next
exercises conducted by the Group. ESG topics and their respective
impacts, risks and opportunities assessed as material are presented
in the following section.

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

701

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

3.B MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES AND THEIR INTERACTION WITH STRATEGY
AND BUSINESS MODEL
The double materiality assessment covers all the Group’s entities, in line with the integrated business model. An analysis of the specificities of
the Group’s non‑bank entities is carried out in parallel to ensure that any specificities, notably in terms of impact are considered.

➤ TABLE NO. 5: DOUBLE MATERIALITY MATRIX BY SUSTAINABILITY TOPIC
Material impacts, risks or opportunities for the Group

Non-material

In addition, over the ARVAL perimeter

Environment

Climate change
mitigation
Climate change
adaptation

Impact

Risk

Opportunity

Impact

Risk

Opportunity

Pollution
Impact

Risk

Opportunity

Water and marine
resources
Resource use and
circular economy
Biodiversity and
ecosystems

Impact

Risk

Opportunity

Impact

Risk

Opportunity

Impact

Risk

Opportunity

Impact

Risk

Opportunity

Impact

Risk

Opportunity

Workers in the
value chain

Social

Own workforce

Consumers and
end-users

Governance

Customer security,
including privacy
Business Conduct,
Anti-Corruption and
Whistleblowers
Market Integrity and
Financial Security

Affected
communities

Relationship with
suppliers
5-Critical
Material

Impact

Risk

Opportunity

Cybersecurity

4-Significant
3-Important
2-Informative
1-Minimal

The consideration of the specificities of the Group’s non‑banking entities did not result in the identification of material topics different from
those identified at Group level, except for the Arval scope, as shown in the above illustration.
Within the scope of Arval, the impacts assessed as material in terms of pollution are described in the sustainability statements published by the
subsidiary under the CSRD.

702

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

➤ TABLE NO. 6: DETAILED LIST OF MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES (IRO) FOR THE BNP PARIBAS
GROUP BY REGULATORY SUB‑TOPIC

Topic

Sub‑Topic

Value Chain

Category(1)

IRO title

IRO description

Climate change

Climate change
adaptation

Core business

Risks(2)

Credit risks arising from
physical risks

Credit risks resulting from the intensification of
acute and chronic extreme weather events
(droughts, heat waves, floods, etc.).

Negative impacts

Greenhouse gas
Indirect climate impacts, through the financing
emissions by the Group’s of greenhouse gas‑emitting customers.
customers

Risks

Credit risks arising from
transition risks

Credit risks resulting from stranded assets
and/or the decline in activity in certain sectors
exposed to transition risks.

Reputational risks

Reputational risks resulting from accusations of
greenwashing and the financing of
high‑greenhouse gas‑emitting sectors.

Climate Change Core business
Mitigation &
Energy

Own workforce(3)

Opportunities

Financing the low‑carbon Opportunities related to the offer of sustainable
transition
products and services that support the
transition of customers to a low‑carbon
economy in all sectors.

Operational
Scope

Opportunities

Reduction of the Group’s The reduction of carbon emissions within the
direct GHG emissions
Group’s operational scope can lead to
opportunities, and particularly a reduction in
costs, an image gain and participate in
employee awareness.

Operational
Scope

Negative impacts

Discrimination, inequality Isolated cases of discrimination, inequality and
and exclusion
exclusion among BNP Paribas employees.
Violence and harassment Isolated cases of violence and harassment at
at work
work among BNP Paribas employees.

Risks

Opportunities

Partial social protection
for employees

Employee social protection potentially
insufficient in some countries.

Psychosocial risks

Psychosocial risks for employees related to the
recent evolution of work methods and
environment.

HR Legal Risks

HR legal risks: disputes related to
discrimination (which may include
harassment), poor execution of employment
contracts and unequal treatment.

Gender diversity

By fostering an inclusive, balanced and
supportive work environment, BNP Paribas
promotes the attractiveness of the Group and
retention of high‑level talents, thus reducing
external recruitment costs.

Work‑life balance

Work‑life balance, contributing, among other
factors, to well‑being at work, retention and
efficiency at work for employees.

Skills development

Skills development, which promotes employee
satisfaction, retention, skills development and
employability of employees and thus reduces
external recruitment costs.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

703

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Topic

Sub‑Topic

Consumers and
end‑users(4)

Social inclusion Core business

Value Chain

Clear,
Core business
transparent and
non‑misleading
information

Business
conduct

Specific to
BNP Paribas

Category(1)

IRO title

IRO description

Negative impacts

Ineligibility for products
or services

Impacts on certain individual customers who
are not eligible, because of their profile, for
financial products or services essential to their
social inclusion.

Opportunities

Financial inclusion

Offer of products and services promoting social
inclusion through financial inclusion.

Negative impacts

Financial difficulties
Impacts on individual clients facing financial
related to an information hardship, particularly when the information
default
provided on financial products or services is
not clear and transparent and not misleading.

Risks

Legal and reputational
risks related to an
information default

Risks related to the protection of the interests
of its individual clients, such as the risk of
sanctions, fines from regulators, legal
proceedings from clients; reputational risk
related to the actions of third parties
(customers, NGOs, etc.).

Customer
satisfaction

Core business

Negative impacts

Dissatisfaction

Dissatisfaction of individual customers related
to an operational or commercial subject.

Data protection

Core business

Risks

Legal and reputational
risks resulting from loss
or theft of confidential
data

Legal and reputational risks arising from a
breach of data protection legislation and/or
loss or theft of confidential information of
individual customers.

Business conduct Core business
(including
whistleblower
protection)

Risks

Legal and reputational
Reputational, legal or financial risks for the
risks related to corruption Group in the event of involvement in acts of
or influence peddling
corruption or influence peddling, directly or
indirectly, actively or passively.

Political
influence and
lobbying
activities

Core business

Risks

Legal and/or reputational Legal and/or reputational risks if the Group
risks related to
makes political contributions and/or
controversial lobbying
controversial lobbying activities made public.
activities

Market Integrity Core business
and Financial
Security

Risks

Legal risks related to
failure to identify
suspicious customer
activity

Regulatory risks if the Group fails to identify,
monitor and report suspicious customer
activity. The Group may face administrative and
criminal penalties as well as significant
remedial costs, if the bank fails to identify and
report criminal activities such as money
laundering.

Cybersecurity

Risks

Operational risks
generated by
cyberattacks

Operational risks linked to continuity and
resilience: system disruption due to
cyberattacks.

Reputational risks
generated by
cyberattacks

Reputational risks related to the Bank’s ability
to overcome cyberattacks.

Legal risks generated by
cyberattacks

Legal risks caused by the loss or theft of
confidential data because of cyberattacks.

Operational
Scope

(1) As a reminder, the impacts identified by the Group’s double materiality analysis methodology are considered current, so they do not have an associated
time horizon. Risks are identified in the medium term (1 to 3 years) and long term (3 to 30 years) according to the time horizons of the Risk ID process.
Opportunities have been identified in the medium term.
(2) It should be noted that for climate change, a distinction should be made between two types of risks: (i) Physical risks: resulting from the direct impact of
climate change on people and property due to extreme weather events or long‑term changes in climate patterns such as rising sea levels or rising
temperatures; and (ii) transition risks: resulting from a change in the behaviour of economic and financial agents in response to the implementation of
energy policies, changes in regulations, technological innovations or changes in consumer preferences.
(3) Own workforce considered is employees and temporary workers.
(4) Consumers and end‑users are the Group’s direct individual customers and indirect individual beneficiaries (in the case of microfinance).

704

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

ESG risks accentuate traditional banking risks, which can increase
the pressure on the Group’s financial performance. The Group’s ESG
risk management and stress testing framework is integrated into the
overall risk management framework broadly described in the
chapter 5.3. Risk management.
To limit its negative impacts and potential risks, and to develop its
opportunities, BNP Paribas has put in place policies, broken down
into specific actions, presented in the thematic chapters of the
sustainability
statements:
chapter 7.1.2
Climate
Change,
chapter 7.1.4 Own workforce, chapter 7.1.5 Consumers and
End‑Users, chapter 7.1.6 Business conduct.
Finally, BNP Paribas’ strategic plan identifies climate and social
opportunities. This plan is implemented by the operational divisions
to manage opportunities through targeted indicators from the CSR
dashboard, presented above. (See section 2. Strategy, business
model and value chain of this chapter).

7

Specifically on climate change:
■ BNP Paribas has defined the trajectory for aligning its portfolios

towards a net‑zero greenhouse gas emissions target by 2050
(see chapter 7.1.2. Climate Change, section Targets and metrics
on credit portfolios) as a strategic focus of the strategic plan.
This commitment leads the Group to gradually select the
counterparties that emit the least GHGs and thus present the
least transition climate risk;
■ the resilience of BNP Paribas’ diversified and integrated model

to climate change risks was confirmed during the 2050
resilience tests carried out by the Group as part of the ECB’s
2022 financial year and by the internal resilience tests as part
of the work on Internal Capital Adequacy (see chapter 7.1.2.
Climate Change, section Description of the resilience of the
Group’s strategy and business model to climate risks);
■ BNP Paribas has recognised current financial effects related to

the potential consequences of climate change (transition and
physical risks) on credit risk. The approach is described in the
financial statements in chapter 4 Consolidated financial
statements as of 31 December 2024, 4.6 Notes to the financial
statements prepared in accordance with IFRS accounting
standards adopted by the European Union, 2.g Cost of risk.

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

705

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7.1.2 CLIMATE CHANGE
BNP Paribas presents below the Group’s strategy, performance and
commitments in relation to climate change stakes.
It develops the following topics:
Strategy: the strategy of credit portfolios alignment with
decarbonisation pathways compatible with the Paris Agreement is
presented in section 1a. Transition plan for climate change
mitigation.
Climate risks and stress testing analysis: BNP Paribas regularly
assesses its business model's resilience to physical and transition
risks related to climate change. This includes the exercises (stress
test) requested by the ECB (1) and the EBA (2). These elements are
presented in this chapter, section 1c. Description of the resilience of
the Group’s strategy and business model to climate risks.
Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation:
BNP Paribas describes the policies adopted to manage material
impacts, risks and opportunities related to climate change in
section 2a. Policies related to climate change mitigation and
adaptation in this chapter.

1.

Actions related to the Group’s decarbonisation trajectory:
BNP Paribas’ actions in relation to its risks, impacts and
opportunities aim to reduce climate change risks by improving its
knowledge of its counterparties’ climate profile and trajectory, to
minimise its impact by monitoring its credit portfolio alignment in
the most emitting sectors, to reduce its carbon footprint on its
operational scope and to support its clients in their transition to a
low‑carbon economy, thanks to suitable sustainable products and
services.
Metrics and targets: BNP Paribas presents the Group’s metrics and
objectives related to greenhouse gas emissions reduction by sectors.
It discloses decarbonisation indicators for the most greenhouse
gas‑emitting sectors of its credit portfolio as well as the amount of
its financed emissions. These elements are presented in section 3.
Metrics and targets.

STRATEGY

1.A TRANSITION PLAN FOR CLIMATE MITIGATION
Scope and limits
BNP Paribas’ transition plan key elements for climate change
mitigation, described below, relate solely to the financial assets of
the Group’s bank balance sheet. Climate‑related commitments,
actions, targets and results related to the Group’s investment
activities are described in dedicated publications issued by
BNP Paribas Cardif and BNP Paribas Asset Management in response
to article 29 of the French Energy and Climate Law No. 2019‑1147 of
November 8th, 2019. While the strategy, the risks described, and the
policies encompass all the Group’s activities, certain actions, targets
and metrics are specific to financing activities. Particularly,
intermediary alignment targets cover financing granted to
non‑financial corporates, in accordance with the scope of assets
selected for the financed emissions’ inventory presented in
section 3.d Gross greenhouse gas emissions of chapter 7.1.2 Climate
change, on the most greenhouse gas‑emitting sectors.
Due to the absence of sector‑specific standards dedicated to the
financial sector, and in a regulatory landscape undergoing
stabilisation (with different standards referring to similar transition
plan requirements), BNP Paribas activates the provision provided in
the ESRS 1 standard - paragraph 133 (a) of chapter 10.2 Transitional

provision related to chapter 5 Value chain. Its application is specified
by the EFRAG on its Q&A platform (FAQ ID1033) published in
December 2024 (3), and the Group does not disclose any greenhouse
gas emission reduction target in absolute value.
In addition, due to the dependence on client or third party data to
calculate its emissions, the Group is not able to indicate whether,
and if so, when, it would be able to produce reliable targets in
absolute value. Indeed, it is necessary to highlight two major
obstacles:
■ the conditions on data availability and data quality (e.g. on

clients’ scope 3 emissions) are not yet met to define a reliable
data inventory sufficiently representative to be a baseline to
elaborate long‑term projections;
■ the difficulty of projecting decarbonisation trajectories and

estimating clients’ financing needs due to a lack of consensus
on long‑term macroeconomic assumptions.
BNP Paribas is continuously working to improve data and clients'
needs analysis. To date, the Group considers that its approach,
which relies on medium‑term objectives for steering its portfolio's
decarbonisation by sector, is consistent with its past commitments
and represents the best response to decarbonisation challenges.

(1) European Central Bank.
(2) European Banking Authority.
(3) https://www.efrag.org/sites/default/files/sites/webpublishing/SiteAssets/Explanations%20December%202024.pdf.

706

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The Group has set intermediary targets to reduce the emission
intensity of its credit portfolios in the most greenhouse gas‑emitting
sectors by 2025 and 2030. The targets, calculation methods, scope
and data sources are specified in section 3a. Group’s metrics and
targets related to its impact on climate change.

7

BNP Paribas has also set targets for reducing greenhouse gas
emissions within its operational scope, supported by actions to
promote the improvement of its building’s energy efficiency and
sustainable mobility. Finally, BNP Paribas purchases voluntary
carbon credits each year equivalent to the volume of the residual
greenhouse gas emissions from its operational scope.

➤ CHART NO. 5: HISTORY OF BNP PARIBAS’ COMMITMENTS TO COMBAT GLOBAL CLIMATE WARMING
Oil & Gas

Oil & Gas
Coal
First policy with
restrictive financing
and investment
criteria

Nov.
2010

First policy with restrictive financing
and investment criteria
Stopped financing for shale oil, shale
gas and tar sands exploration and
production specialists
(non-conventional oil and gas)

Nov.
2015

Commitment to reduce financing for exploration and
production activities:
25% for oil
12% for oil and gas between 2020 and 2025
Broadened the oil and gas policy scope to include
diversified players:
Stopped financing for companies with more than 10% of
their activities coming from non-conventional oil and gas
Stopped financing for companies with more than 10% of
exploration and production activities related to the
Arctic region, and for companies holding oil and gas
reserves in the Amazon region or actively developing
infrastructures in this region.

Oct.
2017

May
2020

May
2022

Oil & Gas

Oil & Gas
Strengthened the policy:
Stopped the financing purely
dedicated to the development of
new oil and gas fields1, regardless of
the financing methods2
Scheduled phasing out of financing
for non-diversified oil upstream
players and intended to support oil
production

Jan.
2023

May
2023

Publication of the Climate
Report, with a new oil & gas
financed emission reduction
target of 70% between
September 2022 and end of
2030
Decision to no longer take part
in bond issues for oil players
with an activity in exploration
and production

Feb.
2024

Coal

Coal

Oil & Gas

Oil & Gas

Stopped financing for
coal-fired power plants in
high income countries
Stopped financing for
companies and projects
dedicated to the extraction
of thermal coal.

Stopped financing for the
thermal coal sector value
chain by 2030 in the EU &
OECD countries, and by 2040
in the rest of the world

Accelerated decrease in
exploration and production
financing:
80% between September
2022 and end of 2030 for oil
30% between September
2022 and end of 2030 for gas

Scheduled phasing out of
fossil-fuel exploration and
production financing that will
account for only 10% of our
energy production financing
in 2030

Oil & Gas
Addition to the financing and
investment policy of the first
exclusion commitments
regarding the Arctic and the
Amazon regions

May
2024

(1) Already effective since 2016 for oil
(2) Corporates loans or reserve-based lending (RBL) type financings

BNP Paribas’ actions to limit climate change
BNP Paribas’ main action lever is to rely on its position as a financial
institution to support the ecological transition of economic players.
This continuous and holistic commitment enables the Group to be, in
2024 and for the second consecutive year, the world leader in green
loans and bonds according to Dealogic (1).

■ BNP Paribas excludes from its scope of activity clients and

As part of its strategic plan, BNP Paribas has reaffirmed the
importance of climate in its strategy. It includes a Sustainability axis
whose first strategic pillar is the alignment of credit portfolios with
the decarbonisation commitment for the most greenhouse
gas‑emitting sectors. The second pillar is supporting clients towards
a sustainable and low‑carbon economy by mobilising internal
resources, and the third pillar is strengthening the Group’s expertise,
management tools, processes and systems. Each of these three
pillars includes significant actions:

■ the Group increases its support for low‑carbon energies, notably

7

projects with the highest greenhouse gas emissions and
significantly reduces its credit exposure to particularly
greenhouse gas‑emitting activities through dedicated financing
and investment policies;
through the Low‑Carbon Transition Group, with nearly 250
bankers. BNP Paribas supports the funding of energy and
ecological transition projects or companies particularly
committed,
notably
through
green
bond
issues,
Sustainability‑Linked Loans (SLL) and Sustainability‑Linked
Bonds (SLB) integrating climate criteria. It also offers its
individual customers tailored financial products and services:
reduced‑rate mortgages for more energy‑efficient properties in
certain geographies or for the purchase of cleaner vehicles;

(1) According to Dealogic's Sustainable Finance review of 2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

707

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

■ for corporate and financial institutional clients, BNP Paribas has

developed the ESG Assessment. This tool provides a more
harmonised, systematic, comprehensive, and formal review of
ESG topics through the credit chain: from on‑boarding to credit
granting, monitoring and reporting. Initially launched on the
large corporate segment, the ESG assessment framework was
extended in 2024 to relevant medium‑sized corporate clients
(companies with a turnover higher than EUR 50 million,
selected on risk‑based criteria) and to financial institutions with
tailored questionnaires. The ESG Assessment tool for corporate
covers five ESG dimensions including climate and environment
and provides a global overview of the client's ESG profile, which
is completed by a controversies analysis for a full assessment.
The qualitative conclusions of the ESG Assessment (including
controversies analysis) are provided by the Relationship
Manager and Group CSR if applicable and challenged by RISK as
the control function, to allow a well‑balanced assessment of
performance and risk. The ESG Assessment helps
decision‑making through the usual credit processes, by
strengthening and documenting ESG due diligence at
counterparty, transaction and collateral levels.
Since 2010, BNP Paribas has implemented financing and investment
policies covering all of its activities in the economic sectors with the
highest environmental or social impact. Some of these policies aim
to reduce the Group's credit exposure to the most greenhouse
gas‑emitting activities, particularly fossil fuels. In this context, the

708

Group has committed to reducing its credit exposure to coal‑fired
power generation and to the oil and gas upstream activities. Since
2021, BNP Paribas has also been committed to align the credit
portfolio of the most greenhouse gas‑emitting sectors with
trajectories compatible with the objectives of the 2015 Paris Climate
Agreement, which aims at “holding the global average temperature
rise well below 2°C above pre‑industrial levels and pursuing efforts
to limit the temperature rise to 1.5°C above pre‑industrial levels”.
The Group has set targets related to reducing greenhouse gas
emissions in nine sectors. This approach constitutes, as of today, the
core of its transition plan. The resources deployed and the progress
observed are presented below in sections 2e. Resources dedicated to
the transition and 2c. Actions related to the management of climate
impacts and risks in this chapter.
In addition to its exit from the coal sector, almost completed by the
end of 2024, the Group ends since 2023 the financings purely
dedicated to the development of new oil or gas fields, regardless of
the financing methods. BNP Paribas decided to reduce its credit
exposure to oil and gas upstream activities by 80% and 30%
respectively by 2030, compared to September 2022.
Since 2023 also, BNP Paribas has further strengthened its ambition
to decarbonise its credit portfolio by adopting an exit trajectory from
fossil fuel upstream activities. By 2030, low‑carbon energies,
primarily renewables, must represent at least 90% of the Group’s
financed energy mix.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

This commitment is reflected in the fast‑paced evolution of the credit portfolio, as illustrated in the chart below:
BNP Paribas continues to shift its financing towards low‑carbon energies

➤ CHART NO. 6: WEIGHT OF FOSSIL FUELS AND LOW‑CARBON ENERGIES IN BNP PARIBAS' CREDIT EXPOSURE(1)
FOR ENERGY PRODUCTION

76%

90%
54%

46%
10%

90%

65%

35%

10%

24%

2012

2022*

2023*

2024*

2030

Low-carbon energies
Fossil fuels

*As of September 30th of each year

54%

2022

46%

76%

40

40

35

35
28.2

30

24%

36.8

30
23.7

25

2024

25

20

20
25.1

15
10

12.1

3.1

0

Low-carbon

X%

5

11.5

10

5.3

5

34.2

15

6.2

5
1.3

Fossil Fuels

Weight in BNP Paribas credit exposure
for energy production

2.6

2.7
2.2

Low-carbon

Fossil fuels

0

Renewables energies

Refining

Nuclear

Upstream gas

0.4

7

Upstream oil
Coal
(1) Exposure: credit facilities + contingent liabilities + securities on balance sheet, in billions of euros, at 30 September 2022 and 30 September 2024.

The figure above illustrates the continued shift of the credit portfolio towards low‑carbon energies, with a significant acceleration between
September 2022 and September 2024 (+36% on renewable and -51% in fossil energies).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

709

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

In terms of energy definitions, BNP Paribas makes the following
distinction:
■ renewable energy: wind and marine energy, photovoltaic solar

energy, concentrated solar energy, hydroelectricity, geothermal
energy, bioenergy (including biofuels except for first
generation);
■ low‑carbon energy: electricity from renewable and nuclear

sources. The scope of low‑carbon energies could evolve
depending on technological advancements to gradually go
beyond energy production and include other subparts in the
value chain such as transport, storage or distribution of
low‑carbon energy.

In accordance with the criteria set out in article 12(2) of the
European Commission’s Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818 (1) (EU
Climate Transition Benchmarks and EU Paris‑aligned Benchmarks),
BNP Paribas is not excluded from benchmarks aligned with the Paris
Agreement.

Validation of BNP Paribas’ transition plan
The transition plan was approved by BNP Paribas’ Board of directors
on February 25th, 2025.

1.B MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES AND THEIR INTERACTION WITH STRATEGY
AND BUSINESS MODEL
Reminder of the material climate impacts, risks
and opportunities for the Group
Through the double materiality exercise carried out by the Group
and described in chapter 7.1.1. General Information section 3a.
Description of the process to identify and assess material impacts,
risks and opportunities, BNP Paribas has identified several material
impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs) related to climate.

Material impacts related to climate change mitigation
and relating to BNP Paribas’ business activities:
■ Indirect climate impacts, through the financing of greenhouse

Material risks related to climate change mitigation and
relating to BNP Paribas’ business activities:
■ Credit risks resulting from stranded assets and/or the decline in

activity in certain sectors exposed to transition risks;
■ Reputational risks resulting from accusations of greenwashing

and the financing of high‑greenhouse gas‑emitting sectors.

Material opportunities related to climate change
mitigation and relating to BNP Paribas’ business
activities:
■ Opportunities related to the offer of sustainable products and

services that support the transition of customers to a
low‑carbon economy in all sectors.

gas‑emitting customers.

Material risks related to adaptation to climate change
and relating to BNP Paribas’ business activities:
■ Credit risks resulting from the intensification of acute and

chronic extreme weather events (droughts, heat waves, floods,
etc.)

Material opportunities related to climate change
mitigation and relating to BNP Paribas’ Operational
Scope:
■ The

(1) https://eur‑lex.europa.eu/legal‑content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=CELEX:32020R1818

710

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

reduction of carbon emissions within the Group’s
operational scope can lead to opportunities, and particularly a
reduction in costs, an image gain and participate in employee
awareness.

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

Correspondence table summarising the links between material IROs, policies, actions, metrics and targets
➤ TABLE NO. 7: SUMMARY OF THE LINKS BETWEEN MATERIAL IRO, POLICIES, ACTIONS, METRICS AND TARGETS
Category

Title of the material IRO

Policies

Actions

Metrics and targets

Impacts

Greenhouse gas emissions by
the Group’s customers

■ Strategic Plan

■ Reduction of financed

■ GHG emissions on the

Credit risks arising from
physical risks

■ Sectoral policy – Mining

■ Sectoral Policy – Oil and

Gas

Risks

Risks

Credit risks arising from
transition risks

industry

■ Sectoral Policy – Coal‑fired

Power Generation

■ Sectoral policy – Nuclear

energy

Risks

Reputational risks

Opportunities

Financing the low‑carbon
transition

Opportunities

Reduction of the Group’s
direct GHG emissions

emissions in intensity or
absolute value in the most
emitting sectors

■ Roll‑out of the ESG

Assessment

■ Launch of ESG Assessment
integration in KYC(1)

process

scope of commercial
activities

■ 2025 and 2030 targets in

the most GHG‑emitting
sectors (see section 3.a
Group’s metrics and targets
related to its impact on
climate change)

■ Monitoring
■ Exclusion

■ Energy Management of

Buildings

■ Business Travel Policy

Supporting its clients in the
transition to a low‑carbon
economy (indicator 8 of the
CSR dashboard)

■ EUR 200 billion in financing

Initiatives on the operational
scope to reduce energy costs,
raise awareness and mobilise
all employees with the Green
Company For Employees
programme

■ The Group’s direct GHG

in 2025

emissions

■ 2025 target: ≤ 1.85 tCO2e/

FTE

(1) KYC: Know Your Customer.

1.C DESCRIPTION OF THE RESILIENCE OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY AND BUSINESS MODEL TO
CLIMATE RISKS
BNP Paribas regularly assesses the resilience of its strategy and
business model to climate‑related risks, particularly in the context of
the stress tests requested by the ECB and the EBA, as well as
annually, within the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process
(ICAAP), over a 30‑year horizon, as recommended in the ECB’s ICAAP
Guide.
Climate stress tests contribute to the analysis of the materiality of
risk factors and the anticipation of their expected evolutions. They
also help anticipate clients’ financing needs to address their
adaptation challenges. The Group’s accounting provisioning and
economic capital calculation are adjusted based on stress tests to
include material climate risk factors' effects.
Climate stress tests also contribute to part of the Group’s risk
appetite metrics and are used to set their alert thresholds.
Emission intensity targets are considered as a commitment to follow
(risk appetite metrics) in balance sheet projections and are
combined with risk concentration and profitability outlook metrics.

The strategy also feeds back into stress tests – sector policies
applied or given business priorities that influence balance sheet
dynamics.
An example of indicator is the monitoring of the exposure percentage
subject to high flood risk
The Group takes into account the stress tests' results into its
strategy by periodically presenting them to the Group’s General
Management and to the Internal Control, Risk Management and
Compliance Committee (CCIRC) of the Board of directors and by
integrating climate risk into the calculation of internal capital.

7

Presentation of these results is on request if deemed necessary
depending on the sector. This highlights the fact that the climate
scenario analysis system is agile enough to respond to specific needs
not included in ICAAP tests or requiring further investigation. For
instance, this was the case for the residential real estate sector,
where stress tests related to ESG and climate change issues were
conducted and presented to the Risk and Development Policy
Committee (RDPC (1)) which validates the development plan and
underlying risk profile of a sector or an activity. In addition, climate
transition indicators and associated performance indicators have
already been integrated into the Group’s Risk Appetite
Statement (2) (RAS).

(1) Risk & Development Policy Committee.
(2) The statement, in written form, of the overall level and types of risks that a financial institution is willing to accept or avoid to achieve its business objectives.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

711

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Furthermore, improving BNP Paribas’ stress testing infrastructure for
a more comprehensive consideration of ESG factors is an ongoing
process and a clearly defined priority for the Group.

■ three long‑term transition risk scenario analysis;

Besides the internal exercises and processes mentioned above,
BNP Paribas participates in other stress tests, leveraging its climate
scenario analysis infrastructure, particularly to serve local needs. In
this context, during 2024, central teams supported the Hong Kong
branch in conducting voluntary climate stress tests organised by the
Hong Kong Monetary Authority.

The climate stress testing process is based on several internal and
external inputs at different levels of granularity. Internal data are
those related to BNP Paribas’ portfolios included in the stress test
perimeter:

■ a more comprehensive analysis of pluvial and riverine flood risk

scenarios analysis.

■ for transition risk, information at client and facility level, and

specific ESG data such as greenhouse gas emissions and EPC (2),
which can be estimated following the Partnership for Carbon
Accounting Financials (PCAF) methodology for greenhouse gas
emissions, and the distribution of EPC by country;

This exercise notably allowed the Group to:
■ enrich the existing modelling through exchanges with local

business teams, and identify data that can be used for future
system enhancements;

■ for physical risk, information on commercial and residential

real estate exposure at the client and asset level, usually for
stress tests, and specific data, including the location, which can
be approximated in case of missing addresses by postcodes.

■ develop an innovative approach for generating physical climate

scenarios based on imposed historical events (historical
typhoons in this case);
■ expand the impact assessment to unsecured exposures;
■ model interest margins distortions due to climate transition's

risks and opportunities.
It should be noted that, to date, compared to climate physical
risks (1), the risk factor related to climate transition could impact
banks’ cost of risk, particularly in the event of a delayed transition. If
the implementation of climate change mitigation policies were
delayed, it would lead to a more abrupt and costly transition after
2030 to limit global warming, due to the need to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions at a faster pace from a higher level.

Annual stress test under the ICAAP
The ICAAP includes the analysis of the consequences of climate
scenarios on the Group’s credit, market and operational risks.

External data are related to macroeconomic information required for
projections. They are collected at the geographical and sectoral level
when available. Extension to the appropriate granularity for stress
tests can be achieved, particularly for transition risk, via the general
equilibrium model (3): certain financial statements indicators are
estimated at the country and sector level conditionally to the
climate scenarios analysed. For physical risk, estimated asset
damage related to riverine and pluvial flood assumptions under the
RCP 8.5 scenario (4) is collected from an external provider based on
the geolocation of BNP Paribas’ assets.
Thus, the following sources of uncertainty are related to climate
stress testing processes:
■ inherent uncertainty in modelling processes: the statistical

model used aims to estimate potential losses conditionally to
future assumed perspectives in climate scenarios and,
therefore, a certain level of uncertainty is inherent in these
models. However, measuring and monitoring model
performance ensures a certain level of confidence in the
estimation for internal and external models (damage
projections);

Credit risk
Since 2021, BNP Paribas has significantly enhanced its stress testing
infrastructure for climate risk factors, particularly by leveraging the
achievements delivered through the preparation of ECB’s 2022
climate stress test and the 2023 Internal Capital Adequacy
Assessment Process (ICAAP), as well as by improving the risk
identification process.
Building on the progress made, BNP Paribas was able to complete its
2024 ICAAP with:

■ data approximation in case of missing data;
■ climate scenarios analysed on the basis of climate projection

models and macroeconomic assumptions;
■ assumptions made on the evolution of BNP Paribas’ portfolio

exposure and on the sector distribution, notably for long‑term
projections.

(1) Physical climate risks include the direct consequences of climatic hazards, e.g. floods, storms, etc.
(2) Energy Performance Certificate.
(3) General equilibrium models consider all elements (markets, sectors) simultaneously. They aim to understand how the decisions of individuals, businesses, and governments
influence each other and how these interactions determine prices, quantities, and the allocation of resources in the economy.
(4) Representative Concentration Pathway are climate change scenarios used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). RCP scenarios are four reference
scenarios for the evolution of radiative forcing up to 2100. RCP 8.5 scenario represents a trajectory where GHG emissions continue to increase throughout the 21st century,
leading to a significant increase in the concentration of CO2 in the atmosphere and a rise in global temperatures of more than 4°C by 2100. RCP 8.5 is the most pessimistic
scenario, while RCP 2.6 predicts warming below 2°C in 2100.

712

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

2024 ICAAP test scenario and scope

ICAAP 2024 exercise results

Transition risk resilience

Transition risk resilience

■ BNP Paribas

By 2050, under the conditions of the tested scenarios, the evolution
in energy and carbon prices would significantly impact the economic
sectors currently considered the most carbon emissive. BNP Paribas’
support to its clients in their energy transition could therefore result
in increased exposure to these emitting sectors, hence a potential
increase in the cost of risk, especially in the event of a disorderly
transition.

■ The scope of the analyses is gradually being broadened and

Physical risk resilience

tested its corporate portfolio against three
transition scenarios in 2024, instead of one in 2023 ICAAP. The
IAM REMIND (1) below 2°C scenario, the delayed transition
scenario, and current policies for which the NGFS (Network for
Greening the Financial System) provided conditional pathways
to both macroeconomic and climate variables at the end of
2022;
now covers companies from several entities and business lines:
Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB), Commercial & Personal
Banking in France, Commercial & Personal Banking in Belgium,
Commercial & Personal Banking in Italy and Commercial &
Personal Banking in Luxembourg, thus reflecting the majority of
BNP Paribas’ corporate exposures. Indeed, these entities are
potentially the most impacted by the climate transition risk
concerning the economic adaptation of companies towards a
low‑carbon world.

Transition risk stress tests are conducted at 2050 horizon. There is
no distinction between short, medium and long term.
The methodology used for the dynamic projection of the Group’s
balance sheet on the analysed perimeter (non‑financial corporate
portfolio) takes into account several structuring assumptions
regarding economic growth under conditions of transition to a
climate‑neutral economy and the alignment of assets and economic
activities with the transition, including:
■ balance sheet growth in line with countries’ GDP growth

assumptions;

The scenario’s impact is mainly observed through the shock in asset
value driven by higher insurance cost and damages. Through various
simulations conducted, the cost of risk would be particularly
sensitive to assumptions of insurance premium level and the
potential increase in default probabilities for stranded assets.
It should be noted that the impact in France is significantly reduced
thanks to the guarantee provided by Crédit Logement on residential
real estate. For commercial real estate, the natural disaster fund
scheme is also a diversification factor, thus reducing risk.

Market risk
Various climate supervision tests conducted on market activities
have shown the adequacy of the existing analysis infrastructure.
In addition, BNP Paribas participates in the ISDA (2) Trading Book
Climate Scenario Working Group, which aims at providing a common
view on short‑term climate scenarios for the trading book. In
February 2024, this working group published a white paper (3) with
three different scenarios:
■ transition risk scenario;

■ the Group’s support to its clients in their transition plans;

■ physical risk scenario;

■ a sectoral breakdown of the balance sheet integrating clients’
financing needs to complete their transition plans, resulting in
increased concentration of exposures in sectors requiring
significant green investment efforts;

■ a combined scenario of the two previous ones, depending on the

■ the Group’s climate policy commitments in the analysis of the

NGFS “Hot House World” scenario, including the consideration
of the Group’s eventual progressive withdraw from certain
sectors incompatible with the transition.

Physical risk resilience
As part of the ICAAP 2024, BNP Paribas tested its current real estate
portfolio (Italy, Belgium, France, Luxembourg and Poland) against
pluvial and riverine flood risk under RCP 8.5 conditions by 2085
assuming basic macroeconomic conditions. The Group took the
assumption of a deterioration in collateral values due to damage
impacts and a broad revaluation of properties, reflecting higher
insurance costs. There is no time horizon for physical risk scenarios
(immediate impact of a given event).

7

asset class considered.

Operational and reputational risk
Operational risk losses were calculated based on the selection of
potential incidents identified as driven partially or fully by climate
change: 23 potential incidents for physical risk were identified. The
projections are made over a one‑year horizon. Correlation effects
with other potential incidents are considered in the measurement of
climate change‑related loss and are not considered independently of
each other. Two types of approaches can be considered to measure
the impact of these identified potential incidents:

7

■ stand‑alone

approach: calculation of the aggregate loss
generated solely by these potential incidents, considering
correlation effects;

(1) The NGFS (Network for Greening the Financial System) develops scenarios aligned with global warming trajectories based on the integrated assessment model “IAM REMIND”:
IAM simulates climate policy scenarios and studies their impact on society and the environment, REMIND explores how climate objectives could be achieved.
(2) International Swaps and Derivatives Association.
(3) https://www.isda.org/a/YHlgE/Climate‑Scenario‑Analysis‑in‑the‑Trading‑Book-%E2%80%93‑Phase‑II.pdf

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

713

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

■ contributive approach: calculation of the contribution of these

potential incidents to the overall level of operational risk losses.
This approach is more appropriate as it measures the impact of
climate risk on the operational risk borne by the Group.
The levels of operational risk loss from climate‑related events
obtained by these two approaches appear consistent with the
analysed incidents.

2.

It should be noted that for BNP Paribas, remote working agreements
in place are a source of operational risk reduction.
Reputational risk is addressed by several BNP Paribas business lines,
that have designed related scenarios in collaboration with the RISK
and Product Strategy Marketing teams, including Asset
Management, CPBS, CIB Global Markets and CIB Global Banking
EMEA. Impacts are quantified based on expert judgment and the
exercise is part of the Group Risk Identification process (Risk ID).

IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES MANAGEMENT

2.A POLICIES RELATED TO CLIMATE CHANGE MITIGATION AND ADAPTATION
Policies related to the Group’s financing and
investment activities
BNP Paribas has established a set of policies to frame its activities
and business relationships.

Policies related to the Group’s operational scope
BNP Paribas adopted a methodological approach of continuous
improvement and recognises the following hierarchy of principles for
action against climate change:

The Group’s financing and investment activities are governed by
eight sectoral policies, four of which are directly related to climate
change:

1. Energy sobriety: adapting uses to reduce demand;

■ coal‑fired power generation;

3. Use of low‑carbon energy, particularly renewable energies;

■ oil & gas;

4. Purchase of voluntary carbon credits equivalent to residual
emissions.

■ mining industry;
■ nuclear energy.

These policies, by limiting the Group’s exposure to the most
greenhouse gas‑emitting sectors, also reduce its transition risks.
The aforementioned policies are continuously updated by the
Group’s interaction with its stakeholders, including investors, NGOs,
etc. (see section 7.1.1 General information, 2.b Interests and views of
Stakeholders) and by best practices established by international or
sectoral organisations.

2. Energy efficiency: producing, transporting and using energy
more efficiently;

The Group has defined policies related to the energy management of
buildings and business travel, for example, which contribute to
reducing the carbon footprint of the Group’s operations.
In addition, to achieve its commitment to reduce the environmental
footprint of its direct operations, the Group relies on Green Company
For Employees, an internal programme, which accelerates the
reduction of BNP Paribas’ direct environmental footprint by giving a
central place to the participation of all employees.
Finally, the Group has adopted a Sustainable Sourcing
Charter (1) provided to all its suppliers and subcontractors to ensure
that its environmental requirements and principles are respected,
particularly regarding greenhouse gas emissions. This initiative is
joint with several French players in the Banking and Insurance
sector who wish to involve their suppliers in implementing vigilance
measures as part of their CSR approaches.

(1) https://asset.mediahub.bnpparibas/is/content/bnpparibas/2023_PandP_Charte_Achats_Responsables_En

714

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

Summary of the Group’s policies related to climate change
➤ TABLE NO. 8: SUMMARY OF GROUP POLICIES RELATED TO CLIMATE CHANGE

Policies
Sectoral Policy –
Oil and gas

Sectoral policy –
Mining industry

Sectoral policy –

Description of the content of the
policy

Description of the most senior level
Description of the scope of the policy of the organisation accountable for
implementing the policy
or its exclusions

The document presents the This policy applies to all
commitments made by the BNP Paribas entities and
Group in its financial
covers all financial
relationship with
products and services
companies in the oil and
provided by the Group.
gas sector. It provides a
framework for financing
arrangements, defines
criteria for granting funding
credit and specifies
sector‑related exclusions.

Heads of CIB, CPBS

The document presents the This policy applies to all
commitments made by the BNP Paribas entities and
Group in its financial
covers all financial
relationship with
products and services
companies in the mining
provided by the Group.
sector. It provides a
framework for the terms
and conditions for financing
a project or granting credit,
the criteria for entering a
relationship, and exclusions
(geographies, projects
related to thermal or
metallurgical coal
extraction, etc.).

Heads of CIB, CPBS

The document presents the This policy applies to all
BNP Paribas entities and
covers all financial
products and services
provided by the Group.

Heads of CIB, CPBS

The document presents the This policy applies to all
commitments made by the BNP Paribas entities and
Group in connection with
covers all financial
the financing of companies products and services
in the nuclear energy
provided by the Group.
sector. It specifies the rules
and evaluation criteria
relating to the financing of
nuclear power plant
projects and in connection
with financial services for
companies in the sector.

Heads of CIB, CPBS

The document presents the The entire BNP Paribas
reciprocal ESG
Group.
commitments made by the
Group and its suppliers.

Head of Procurement &
Performance.

Coal‑fired power generation commitments made by the
Group in connection with
the financing of companies
in the coal‑fired power
generation sector.
Particularly, it includes the
timetable for the complete
exit from thermal coal
financing.
Sectoral policy –
Nuclear energy

Sustainable Sourcing
charter

and IPS divisions.

and IPS divisions.

and IPS divisions.

and IPS divisions.

Interaction with stakeholders
Publication on the
BNP Paribas website. A copy
of this policy is also
systematically provided to
existing and potential
clients as part of the KYC
process or for discussion
about the offering of any
financial service.

Publication on the
BNP Paribas website. A copy
of this policy is also
systematically provided to
existing and potential
clients as part of the KYC
process or for discussion
about the offering of any
financial services.

Publication on the
BNP Paribas website. A copy
of this policy is also
systematically provided to
existing and potential
clients as part of the KYC
process or for discussion
about the offering of any
financial service.

7

Publication on the
BNP Paribas website. A copy
of this policy is also
systematically provided to
existing and potential
clients as part of the KYC
process or for discussion
about the offering of any
financial services.

Distributed to the Group’s
suppliers and buyers.
Publication on the
BNP Paribas website.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

715

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Policies

Description of the content of the
policy

Description of the most senior level
Description of the scope of the policy of the organisation accountable for
implementing the policy
or its exclusions

The document presents, in The entire BNP Paribas
particular through the
Group.
Green Building initiative,
BNP Paribas’ approach to
the environmental
management of the Group’s
premises (sustainable
improvement of the
environmental impact of
operations, maintenance
and management of
premises works, etc.).

Head of Group Operating

BNP Paribas Group Travel This document describes
The entire BNP Paribas
Policy (internal document) the rules to be followed by Group.
employees in the
management of their
business travel, particularly
by encouraging them to
reduce their environmental
footprint.

Head of Procurement &
Performance (Purchasing
Department).

IMEX Environmental
and Energy Policy
(internal document)

Real Estate (IMEX).

Interaction with stakeholders
All real estate and CSR
experts in France and
abroad are involved in
contributing to
commitments through the
deployment of action plans
aimed at reducing the
carbon impact of our
buildings.
Service providers, lessors of
rental addresses, as well as
internal and external
occupants are made aware
of and involved in the
success of this policy.
Published and available
online for all Group entities.

These policies help reduce the physical or transition risks incurred by the Group while minimising its impact on the most greenhouse
gas‑emitting activities, projects and sectors. They guide its financing and investments towards opportunities arising from activities and projects
compatible with the 2015 Paris Climate Agreement.

2.B SYNTHESIS OF ACTIONS RELATED TO CLIMATE CHANGE POLICIES
The implementation of BNP Paribas’ commitments is reflected
through a combination of multiple and diverse actions across all its
operational entities. The Group measures the effectiveness of its
actions in terms of reducing the greenhouse gas emissions of its
counterparts and its operational scope:

particularly greenhouse gas‑emitting sectors, oil and gas sector
absolute emissions, and the financed emissions published
within the framework of ESG Pillar 3 framework;
■ BNP Paribas supports its clients’ transition to a low‑carbon

economy through a range of sustainable products and services.
At the end of 2024, for the second consecutive year,
BNP Paribas is the world leader in green bonds and loans (1),
according Dealogic;

■ BNP Paribas continues to roll‑out the ESG Assessment which,

through a better knowledge of its counterparties and their
impacts on climate change, allows the Group to better assess
its risks and impacts and better support clients in their
transition;

■ in parallel, BNP Paribas is implementing measures allowing to

reduce its greenhouse gas emissions within its operational
perimeter.

■ the Group measures the effect of its actions by tracking

annually its credit portfolio's emission intensity in nine

2.C ACTIONS RELATED TO THE MANAGEMENT OF CLIMATE IMPACTS AND RISKS
The implementation of sectoral policies is complemented by the
establishment of monitoring and exclusion lists, depending on the
level of deviation from the policy, particularly in the event of
non‑compliance with climate‑related criteria. Companies under
monitoring are subject to engagement measures by the Group to

sustainably modify their practices and reduce their ESG risks,
particularly those related to climate change. For companies under
exclusion, the Group prohibits any financing or investment
relationship.

(1) According to Dealogic’s 2024 Sustainable Finance Review.

716

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Assessing clients’ climate performance
The ESG Assessment is used by bankers within the
Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB) and Commercial, Personal
Banking & Services (CPBS) divisions to have a holistic view of the
client's ESG profile. It provides insights into how its clients approach
ESG topics, including their performance on climate transition. It
contributes to an analysis allowing the Group to direct its financing
towards clients and projects that align on its decarbonisation
trajectory.
After deploying the ESG Assessment for large corporate clients, the
Group continued its deployment in 2024 to financial institutions and
companies with revenues exceeding EUR 50 million selected
according to risk criteria. For more details, see chapter 5 Risks and
Capital Adequacy – Pillar 3, Annex 5: Environmental, social and
governance risks.

Credit portfolio alignment
BNP Paribas has taken significant measures to align its credit
portfolio with a trajectory compatible with the 2015 Paris Climate
Agreement, by implementing actions in the most greenhouse
gas‑emitting sectors. For each sector, BNP Paribas has based its
approach on a reference scenario compatible with this commitment,
having the best quality guarantees and recognised by experts,
whether it is the IEA (1) or a sectoral scenario when it appears more
relevant (aluminium or real estate, for example).
To operationally integrate its commitment to align its credit
portfolios with the 2015 Paris Agreement’s objectives, the Group is
gradually deploying during credit committees and to all concerned
bankers and decision‑makers, a set‑up to ensure client trajectory
analyses’ appropriation and systematic integration in regards to the
Group’s portfolio trajectory. This set‑up relies on making sectoral
dashboards and client information sheets available, on sharing
automatically this information in the distribution tools and on
deploying trainings. By focusing its financing on projects or
companies that contribute to the decarbonisation levers of sectors
(new technology, electrification, etc.), the Group is steering the
decarbonisation trajectory of its financing portfolio to achieve its
targets.

The Oil and Gas sector
The Group is implementing the following actions:
■ the end of financing purely dedicated to the development of

new oil and gas fields regardless of the financing method
(project financing, RBL (2), FPSO (3));
■ the phasing‑out of financing for non‑diversified oil upstream

players and intended to support oil production (corporate
financing or RBL);

7

In 2024, the Group pursued its actions, which resulted in a
EUR 0.9 billion decrease in its credit exposure to oil exploration and
production (from EUR 3 billion as of 31 December 2023 to
EUR 2.1 billion as of 31 December 2024) and a EUR 0.8 billion
decrease for gas exploration and production (i.e. EUR 2.7 billion as of
31 December 2024).
As of 31 December 2024, the oil and gas sector's financed emissions,
as monitored by the Group in its alignment targets, amounted to
9.5 MtCO2e, a decrease of 40% compared to 31 December 2023 and
65% compared to 30 September 2022.
The main decarbonisation lever identified for the Group is the
reduction of its exposure to the upstream oil and gas sector.

The Power Generation sector
The emission intensity of the power generation credit portfolio
amounted to 129 gCO2/kWh (4) as of 31 December 2024, compared to
148 gCO2/kWh as of 31 December 2023, reflecting the decrease in
the share of coal and oil in the electricity mix of the Group’s clients,
these two energy sources being the most CO2 emitting, as well as
the sharp increase in renewable energy financings.
In addition, the Group calculates and monitors the electricity mix in
terms of installed capacity in its power generation portfolio. The
electricity mix financed by BNP Paribas in 2024 contains significantly
more renewable capacity (70% vs. 65%) and shows a continued
reduction in the share of coal in the capacity mix (4% vs. 5%)
compared to 2023.
The main decarbonisation levers that BNP Paribas takes into
consideration in managing the sector’s credit portfolio are the
financing towards low‑carbon energies, mainly renewables, the
withdrawal from the coal sector, and the reduction in the use of
fossil fuels for power generation.

The Automotive sector
As of 31 December 2024, the share of electrified vehicles (5) in the
powertrain technology mix of the BNP Paribas’ financed automotive
manufacturing portfolio continued to increase, albeit at a slower
pace, reaching 16% as of 31 December 2024 compared to 15% as of
31 December 2023.
The portfolio’s emission intensity decreased by 6 gCO2/km
WLTP (6) compared to 2023, to reach 145 gCO2/km as of
31 December 2024.

7

This decrease is due to the combined effect of the share of electric
vehicles in the portfolio and the reduction of combustion engines'
average emissions.
The main client decarbonisation lever that BNP Paribas takes into
consideration in managing the sector’s credit portfolio is the
increase in the electrification of the vehicles produced.

■ the reduction of general‑purpose lending allocated to upstream

oil.

(1) IEA: International Energy Agency.
(2) RBL: Reserve‑Based Lending.
(3) FPSO: Floating Production, Storage and Offloading.
(4) kWh: kilowatt‑hour.
(5) Electrified vehicles: plug‑in hybrid vehicles, battery electric vehicles, fuel cell vehicles.
(6) Worldwide harmonized Light vehicles Test Procedure.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

717

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The Steel sector
The emission intensity of BNP Paribas’ steel portfolio remained
stable on 31 December 2024 (1.5 tCO2/tonne of crude steel)
compared to December 2023. This stability is linked to the fact that
part of the clients’ new production capacity, at lower intensities (e.g.
direct reduction - electric arc furnaces), is expected to become
operational starting from 2027. BNP Paribas’ steel portfolio emission
intensity remains below the global average emission intensity of
1.8 tCO2/tonne of crude steel.
The main client decarbonisation levers that BNP Paribas takes into
consideration in managing the sector’s credit portfolio are
electrification (replacement of blast furnaces with electric arc
furnaces), the use of low‑carbon hydrogen or the capture of residual
emissions from emitting steel mills.

The Aluminium sector
The emission intensity of BNP Paribas’ aluminium portfolio
decreased by 9% as on 31 December 2024 (5.3 tCO2e/tonne of
aluminium) compared to 31 December 2023 (5.8 tCO2e/tonne of
aluminium). This is due to increased exposure to low‑emission
players (for example, using electric arc furnaces). This intensity
remains below the global average (11.2 tCO2e/tonne of aluminium in
2023), as the Group’s financings are mainly granted to clients
operating in Europe and the Middle East, where the energy mix
presents limited exposure to coal.
The main client decarbonisation levers that BNP Paribas takes into
consideration in managing the sector’s credit portfolio are recycled
aluminium in the secondary production and, in primary production,
the use of low‑carbon electricity.

The Cement sector
Based on the latest client data available, the emission intensity of
the cement portfolio at the end of 2023 stood at 0.63 tCO2/tonne of
cementitious product, leading to a 2% year‑over‑year reduction. The
average carbon emission has decreased due notably to the Group’s
clients’ actions.
The main levers of client decarbonisation that BNP Paribas takes
into consideration in managing the sector’s credit portfolio are
energy efficiency solutions (furnaces modernisation, waste heat
recovery) and optimisation of the clinker to cement ratio (1), in the
short and medium term. Carbon capture and storage solutions will
be an important lever for residual emissions from this sector.

The Aviation sector
As of 31 December 2023, the sector’s emission intensity stood at
904 gCO2e/RTK (2), down by 5% compared to 31 December 2022. This
result reflects better aircraft load factors and BNP Paribas’ financing
of more efficient new generation aircraft.

The main levers of client decarbonisation that BNP Paribas takes
into consideration in managing the sector’s credit portfolio are an
enhanced operational efficiency (air traffic optimisation), fleet
renewal and sustainable aviation fuels. In the longer term, projects
for new propulsion systems (hydrogen, electric or hybrid) will play
an important role.

The Shipping sector
As of 31 December 2023, the sector’s emission intensity stood at
8.2 gCO2e/dwt.nm (3), a decrease of 1% compared to 31 December
2022. This result reflects better climate performance of the new
vessels financed by BNP Paribas.
The main client decarbonisation levers that BNP Paribas takes into
consideration in managing the sector’s credit portfolio are fleet
renewal and retrofitting (4), speed reduction and alternative fuels
with lower emissions.

The Commercial Real Estate sector
As of 31 December 2023, the emission intensity of the commercial
real estate sector stood at 27.7 kgCO2e/m2, a 2% decrease compared
to 31 December 2022. This result mainly reflects a reduction of real
estate client’ emission intensity in the unsecured portfolio.
The main decarbonisation drivers of clients that BNP Paribas takes
into consideration in managing the sector’s credit portfolio are the
reduction of energy consumption in buildings (energy efficiency
improvements) and a larger proportion of low‑carbon energies used
in the energy mix.

The Residential Real Estate sector
At the end of 2023, the average emission intensity of the residential
real estate sector in the portfolios of the Group's three main markets
(France, Belgium and Italy), i.e. nearly 94% of the Group’s credit
exposure in the sector, amounted to 35.0 kgCO2e/m2/year, compared
to 35.5 kgCO2e/m2/year at the end of 2022. Average intensities were
decreasing in all three markets:
2
■ 19.7 kgCO2e/m in France, a 2.6% decrease;
2
■ 58.4 kgCO2e/m in Belgium, a 2.1% decrease;
2
■ 33.1 kgCO2e/m in Italy, a 3.7% decrease.

These decreases can be related to the first effects of My Sustainable
Home initiative.
While each country’s energy mix remains the main factor in
decarbonisation, BNP Paribas supports its clients by offering them
products and services that contribute to the sector’s gradual
transition (see section 2d. Group actions related to climate change
opportunities).

The Agriculture sector
Agriculture has the particularity of being at the heart of
environmental (greenhouse gas emissions, water consumption,
deforestation, etc.) and social challenges. It is both highly vulnerable
to climate change and a major lever for solutions (renewable energy,
sustainable agroecological practices, carbon capture in soils).

(1) Clinker is an essential component in the manufacture of cement. It is produced by firing a mixture of limestone and clay at high temperatures in a kiln.
(2) Revenue Tonne Kilometre: unit of traffic measurement corresponding to one metric tonne of payload carried one kilometre.
(3) Deadweight ton times nautical miles.
(4) The process of replacing old or obsolete components with newer ones by changing the technology without changing the function.

718

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

BNP Paribas is committed to developing its employees’ skills, as well
as products and services to promote the transition to a more
sustainable agriculture. The Group has set up a centre of expertise
for the agri‑food sector, the hub BNP Paribas International Food &
Agri, hosted within the BNP Paribas Bank Polska entity. This centre
has developed the “Agronomist.pl” platform, a toolkit to support the
agroecological transition of producers and agri‑food companies. It is
enriched by experts and specialised analysts and allows the bankers
to dialogue with agricultural producers and agri‑food companies.
This expertise is shared within the BNP Paribas Group through a
dedicated Sustainable Agriculture community that brings together
all the teams in charge of agriculture in the European markets.
The main decarbonisation levers are as follows:
■ supporting the development of the biogas and biomethane

market and digesters;

7

The Group offers a range of banking and non‑banking solutions to
support its clients in their energy and ecological transition. These
offers cover a range of climate issues: reducing energy consumption,
decarbonising or financing for greenhouse gas emissions reduction
projects.
The Group relies on specialised bankers in advisory and sustainable
finance, notably the Low‑Carbon Transition Group and the
Low‑Carbon Transition for MidCaps and SMEs operating in all
sectors and geographies. Particularly, the following sectors are major
opportunities:
■ energy production: development of new low‑carbon energy

capacities and participation in financing future technologies
such as renewable energy production (wind, solar, geothermal,
hydroelectric, marine energy, methanisation);
■ decarbonising production: supporting clients in their overall

■ supporting the development of the agrivoltaics and on‑farm

solar market;
■ supporting the transition to sustainable agricultural practices
(1).

energy and ecological transition strategy, covering efforts to
reduce their energy consumption, decarbonise it and reduce
their greenhouse gas emissions;
■ sustainable mobility: supporting and financing companies and

mobility players: public transports, manufacturers, etc.

2.D GROUP ACTIONS RELATED TO CLIMATE
CHANGE OPPORTUNITIES
Actions related to commercial opportunities
According to the World Energy Outlook published by the
International Energy Agency in 2024, global investments in the
energy sector are expected to exceed USD 3 trillion for the first time
in 2024. About USD 2 trillion is expected to be spent on clean energy
technologies and infrastructure, almost twice the amount dedicated
to new oil, gas and coal supply combined. In the NZE scenario,
low‑carbon energies will represent more than 95% of the energy
investments by 2035, for a total of USD 5.2 trillion.
To meet these challenges and achieve these changes, massive
investments are needed from companies, institutional investors and
the public sector. By supporting its clients transition to a low‑carbon
economy, BNP Paribas is convinced that it can make a positive
impact on a more sustainable economy, while ensuring a solid
long‑term performance.
These opportunities are reflected in BNP Paribas’ strategic
objectives, particularly its commitment to supporting its clients in
their transition to a low‑carbon economy, notably through the action
of the Low‑Carbon Transition Group, described in the 2.e Resources
dedicated to the transition section. The Group has set a target,
included in the CSR dashboard (presented in chapter 7.1.1 General
Information, 2.a Strategy, business model and value chain) of
EUR 200 billion of products and services (credits, bonds, private
placements, financial advisory, etc.) to support its clients’
low‑carbon transition by 2025. At the end of 2024, this amount
reached EUR 179 billion.

For real estate acquisition and energy renovation projects for
individuals, the Group has developed services and solutions to
support its clients in their projects. Thus, within the CPBS division,
the My Sustainable Home initiative structures the approach of
operational entities, around four main levers:
■ raising awareness and advising clients on the realisation and

collection of EPC (Energy Performance Certificates), notably
through a collection obligation when granting a new eligible
mortgage;
■ promoting the purchase of energy‑efficient properties, through

favourable financing conditions;
■ meeting sectoral energy renovation needs, via loans at

advantageous rates or backed by public aid programmes;
■ developing non‑financial services, through partnerships to

support end‑to‑end energy renovation projects, from framing
the improvements to post improvements EPC to verify the
impact.
To support the decarbonisation of its clients’ mobility, the Group
offers:

7

■ adapted financing, through the commercial banks, Arval and

BNP Paribas Personal Finance;
■ selected vehicles, Arval and BNP Paribas Personal Finance

offering a wide catalogue (with new, recent or used references);
■ personalised insurance, with BNP Paribas Cardif.

(1) For BNP Paribas, the definition of sustainable agricultural practices includes, among others, organic farming, soil conservation agriculture, agroecology, regenerative
agriculture.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

719

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Actions related to operational scope emissions

■ implementing a methodology for calculating IT environmental

BNP Paribas takes action to reduce its direct environmental
footprint, aiming for exemplary and raising employee’s awareness,
thus contributing to the energy transition the Group is engaging with
its clients.

■ rationalising the equipment (data center's infrastructure and

BNP Paribas has measured its energy consumption and greenhouse
gas emissions in its operational perimeter (scope 1, scope 2 and
scope 3 for business travel) since 2012, and has gradually reduced
them by cutting down energy consumption on its premises, using
less energy‑intensive IT equipment and regulating business travel, as
well as increasing the use of low‑carbon energies.
The results of the energy‑saving plans and energy investment plans
continue to bear fruit with a decrease in energy consumption in
buildings.
In 2024, total energy consumption was 778 GWh, a 52 GWh (1) ,a
6.2% decrease, compared to 2023 (830 GWh), with 27.2% coming
from nuclear sources and 42.7% coming from renewable sources.
The renewable part comes either from the purchase of renewable
electricity certificates called Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), or
from the direct consumption of renewable energy produced by the
Group’s buildings. Renewable energy consumption thus accounted
for 33.3% of total energy consumed. This share of renewable energy
reflects the Group’s voluntary actions and could be increased by
considering the share of renewable energy specific to each national
energy mix (about 10% of the energy consumed).
These measures help to limit the CO2 emissions associated with the
Group’s electricity consumption, with a reduction accounted for in
the market‑based (2) approach. These amounted to 192,431 tCO2e in
2024, a reduction of 71,243 tCO2e over the year compared to the
location‑based (3) calculation.
The Group real estate operating function (IMEX), through the Green
Buildings programme, coordinates in France and internationally an
approach to improve site operations to sustainably reduce the
Group’s environmental footprint. Thus, the carbon footprint
reduction plan for the real estate portfolio in France is based on
three main levers:
■ continuous improvement of the building energy performance

through a monitoring tool that centralises the energy
consumption data for 90% of the portfolio;
■ investment plans and works to modernise and improve

installations' efficiency (heat pumps, LED lighting, façade
insulation, roof renovation, etc.);
■ raising employees’ day‑to‑day awareness, adapted to the uses

of buildings (offices, bank branches, data centers).
The French Sustainable Digital programme has defined ten
principles attached to the Group’s IT Charter that apply to the entire
IT functions worldwide. Various levers are exploited:

footprint according to the latest international standards in
force;
employee tools) aiming for energy efficiency on the one hand,
and sobriety on the other hand through the pooling of
equipment and infrastructure;
■ raising awareness and training IT teams on environmental

issues.

2.E RESOURCES DEDICATED TO THE
TRANSITION
Beyond the tools and the development of products and services that
enable the Group to steer its climate trajectory and support its
clients’ transition, BNP Paribas relies on a set of dedicated teams to
lead the transition and accelerate the integration of climate
considerations across all Group activities.
The Company Engagement Department, which includes the teams in
charge of CSR, is responsible for implementing BNP Paribas’ CSR
strategy. Leveraging its experts in sectors with significant climate
impact (oil and gas, automotive, agriculture, etc.) and across the CSR
network within the Group’s entities, it supports the business lines
and contributes to manage ESG risks in connection with the RISK
Function. It is also in charge of sharing CSR progress with the
Communication Department, and liaising with certain key
stakeholders (NGOs, investors).
The CSR Department operates within the entities, business lines,
functions and subsidiaries to facilitate the deployment of policies
and ESG Assessment throughout the Group, with over
300 employees dedicating all or most of their time to CSR topics.
The Low‑Carbon Transition Group, created in 2021, is a global
platform bringing together an ecosystem of nearly 250 bankers
dedicated to supporting international clients, corporates and
financial institutions, in accelerating their transition to a sustainable
and low‑carbon economy. A continuum of banking and non‑banking
solutions is therefore provided for the economy’s decarbonisation,
particularly in the energy, mobility and industry sectors. It develops
specific expertise to support the development of new value chains
such as batteries, green hydrogen and low‑carbon fuels, as well as
CO2 sequestration. At the same time, the Low‑Carbon Transition for
MidCaps and SMEs (LCTM) is a team dedicated to this client
segment and whose aim, together with CPBS’ sales teams, is to
accelerate the support for clients’ sustainable transition and to
contribute to the management of the Group’s credit portfolio in line
with its climate commitments.
Finance, RISK and ALM Treasury functions have created a joint team,
Stress Testing & Financial Simulations (STFS), in charge of the
deployment of stress testing activities, including climate stress
testing and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP).

(1) Gigawatt‑hours.
(2) Market‑based method: This approach reflects the GHG emissions of the electricity that the company has chosen on the market. This means that scope 2 carbon emissions will
depend on the scope 1 carbon intensity of the electricity provider.
(3) Location‑based method: This approach uses the average emission factor of the region or country where the electricity is consumed. For example, if the electricity consumption
is in France, the company can use the emission intensity of the French energy mix, which is mainly nuclear.

720

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The Climate Analytics and Alignment team consists of employees
from Group Company Engagement and CIB Global Banking EMEA. It
develops and deploys sectorial portfolio alignment methodologies, in
accordance with industry standards, and calculates the Group’s
credit portfolio metrics which allow the portfolio monitoring in the
most greenhouse gas‑emitting sectors and external reporting.

3.

7

Finally, the Sustainability Academy, launched at the end of 2022, is
an evolving platform that trains the Group’s employees on ecological
transition and climate change issues, enhancing their skills in this
area. Close to 133,000 employees have completed at least one
training course since its creation.

METRICS AND TARGETS

3.A GROUP’S METRICS AND TARGETS RELATED TO ITS IMPACT ON CLIMATE CHANGE
Targets and metrics on credit portfolios
BNP Paribas has decided to gradually align its credit portfolio with
the objectives of the Paris Agreement. In 2021, the Group committed
to defining intermediate alignment targets for the most greenhouse
gas‑emitting sectors that are compatible with the net zero emission
(NZE) scenarios in 2050, particularly those of the International
Energy Agency (IEA).

For each sector, the Group has chosen a reference year that is no
earlier than two years at the time of setting the targets, i.e. between
2020 and 2022.
Since 2022, the Group has progressively defined greenhouse gas
emissions metrics, for ten sectors in its portfolio. Nine sectoral
targets are presented in the following table.

➤ TABLE NO. 9: SUMMARY OF BASELINES, EMISSIONS AND TARGETS IN INTENSITY AND ABSOLUTE VALUE OF THE
MOST EMITTING SECTORS

Methodology

Oil & Gas

Targets and Baseline

Emission scope
Value chain considered

GHG considered

Scenario

Units

-

-

IEA NZE 2050

Upstream credit
exposure in
billions of euros

(upstream)

Power generation

1, 2 and 3

CO2

(upstream and
Refining)

CH4

1

CO2

MtCO2e

IEA NZE 2050

gCO2/kWh

(production)
Automotive

3

CO2

IEA NZE 2050

gCO2/km WLTP

(car
manufacturer)
Steel

1, 2 and partially
3

CO2

IEA NZE 2050

Cement

1&2

CO2

(foundry)

PFC

1&2

CO2

(limestone
extraction
+ clinker and
cement
production)

IAI(1) 1.5°
IEA NZE 2050

N
[Year as of 31/12]

Target
[Year as of 31/12]

Oil: 5.0

Oil: 2.1

Oil: ≤ 1 (-80%)

Gas: 5.3

Gas: 2.7

[Q3 2022]

[2024]

Gas:
≤ 3.7(-30%)

27.3

9.5

≤ 8.2(-70%)

[Q3 2022]

[2024]

[2030]

208

129

≤ 146(-30%)

[2020]

[2024]

[2025]

183

145

≤ 137(-25%)

[2020]

[2024]

[2025]

[2030]

tCO2/t
crude steel

1.6

1.5

≤ 1.2(-25%)

[2022]

[2024]

[2030]

tCO2e/t of
aluminium

6.2

5.3

≤ 5.6 (-10%)

[2022]

[2024]

[2030]

0.67

0.63

≤ 0.51 (-24%)

[2021]

[2023]

[2030]

(iron and steel
production)
Aluminium

Baseline
[Year as of 31/12
unless otherwise
stated]

tCO2/t of
cementitious
product

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

721

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Methodology

Emission scope
Value chain considered
Aviation

Shipping

Commercial Real
Estate

1 & 3 (cat. 3 for
airlines or cat. 13
for leasers)
“Well‑to‑wake”
(use of aircraft)

Targets and Baseline

GHG considered

Scenario

Units

CO2

MPP(2) Prudent
scenario

gCO2e/RTK

DNV(3) 1.6°C

AER(4) in gCO2e/
dwt.nm

N2O

Baseline
[Year as of 31/12
unless otherwise
stated]

N
[Year as of 31/12]

Target
[Year as of 31/12]

956

904

≤785 (-18%)

[2022]

[2023]

[2030]

8.3

8.2

[2022]

[2023]

5.6 – 6.4
(-32 to -23%)

CH4

1 & 3, cat. 3

CO2

“Well‑to‑wake”

N2O

(use of ships)

CH4

1, 2 and where
applicable 3 cat.
13

CO2
N2O

1&2

CO2

Group: 35.5

Group: 35.0

(ownership and
operation of
buildings)

N2O

France: 20.2

France: 19.7

CH4

Belgium: 59.7

Belgium: 58.4

fluorinated gases

Italy: 34.4

Italy: 33.1

[2022]

[2023]

CRREM(5) V2.02

kgCO2e/m2

28.4
[2022]

27.7 16.7 – 19.5 (-41
to -31%)

[2023]

CH4
(ownership and
fluorinated gases
operation of
buildings)

Residential Real
Estate

(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)

kgCO2e/m2

CRREM V2.02

[2030]

[2030]

-

International Aluminium Institute.
Mission Possible Partnership.
Det Norske Veritas.
Annual Efficiency Ratio.
Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor.

The metrics presented above include estimates described in
Appendix 2: Disclosure of information in relation to specific
circumstances.

The Oil and Gas sector
Since 2023, BNP Paribas has strengthened its ambition to reduce its
activity in the oil and gas sector with three 2030 targets.
BNP Paribas has committed to reducing:

The Group’s financed emissions metric is computed using the
following data sources:
■ CO2 and CH4 emissions for scopes 1 and 2 (MtCO2e per year)

are taken from Wood Mackenzie for each upstream or refining
counterparty;

■ CO2 emissions for scope 3 are calculated based on oil and gas

volumes extracted by each counterparty, using data from Wood
Mackenzie to which emission factors computed using
IPCC (1) 2006 Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas
Inventories and the IEA’s NZE scenario are applied;

■ by 80% its upstream oil credit exposure at the end of 2030, i.e.

to less than EUR 1 billion by 2030, compared to its exposure of
EUR 5 billion at the end of September 2022;
■ by 30% its upstream gas credit exposure over the same period,

which was EUR 5.3 billion at the end of September 2022;
■ by 70% its oil and gas financed emissions (exploration,

production and refining) over the same period, i.e. a level less
than or equal to 8.2 MtCO2e compared to 27.3 MtCO2e at the
end of September 2022. This target is more ambitious than the
IEA’s NZE scenario, which involves a reduction in oil and gas
emissions of 34% between 2022 and 2030.

■ corporate's equity and debt are consolidated by BNP Paribas

based on the average of companies’ three years data.

The Power Generation sector
The Group has been monitoring the emission intensity of its power
generation credit portfolio since 2020. It includes direct emissions
(scope 1) from producers, and is measured in grammess of CO2 per
kWh. It is calculated using the following data sources:
■ installed capacity by technology and counterparty (in MW)

sourced from Asset Impact. This data is used to estimate the
portfolio generation capacity mix as well as to compute the
portfolio emission intensity;

(1) Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.

722

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

■ the latest updated capacity factors per technology & implied

■ 2030 emission intensity: when available, most recent publicly

emission factors per technology sourced from the IEA World
Energy Outlook 2023.

announced emission reduction commitments, or otherwise, by
default, the CRU estimates.

For this sector, BNP Paribas has set the target of a portfolio emission
intensity of less than or equal to 146 gCO2/kWh by 2025, based on
the IEA’s NZE scenario.

For this sector, the Group has set a credit portfolio intensity target of
less than or equal to 1.2 tCO2/t of crude steel by 2030, based on the
IEA’s NZE scenario.

In addition, the Group monitors operational metrics and has chosen
to set the following targets for 2025:

The Aluminium sector

■ share of coal in the financed energy mix below 5% by 2025

(reached since 2023);
■ share of renewables in the financed energy mix greater than or

equal to 66% by 2025 (70% as of 31 December 2024).

The Automotive sector
The emission intensity of clients in the sector is measured in
grammes of CO2 per kilometre WLTP (tailpipe emissions). The
measurement focuses on the scope 3 of car manufacturers.
Emission intensity is calculated using the following data sources:
■ the vehicle powertrain technology mix by counterparty (in % of

vehicles produced) provided by S&P Global. The produced fleet
is segregated across five powertrain mixes: Internal Combustion
Engine (ICE), Hybrid, Plug‑in Hybrid (PHEV), Battery Electric
Vehicles (BEV) and Fuel‑Cell vehicles (FC);
■ emission factors per technology from Asset Impact, focusing on

tailpipe emissions of new vehicles sold (i.e. excluding current
fleet in service) based on average standard CO2 emissions
across manufacturer and vehicle type per km driven based on
the WLTP standard.
For this sector, BNP Paribas has set an emission intensity target of
less than or equal to 137 gCO2/km WLTP by the end of 2025, based
on the IEA’s NZE scenario.
The operational metric tracked by the Group is the share of
electrified vehicles in the technology mix of the BNP Paribas’
financed automotive manufacturing portfolio. The target should be
greater than or equal to 25% by the end of 2025.

The Steel sector
BNP Paribas annually calculates the emission intensity of its clients
in the steel sector (crude steel) measured in tonnes of CO2 per tonne
of crude steel (manufactured from iron ore) and secondary steel
(manufactured from recycled steel). The measure includes direct
emissions (scope 1), indirect emissions related to energy purchases
(scope 2) and to purchases of partially processed raw materials
(scope 3) for non‑fully integrated players. The preparation of raw
materials and the manufacture of cast iron and steel are considered
in the value chain. Upstream (iron extraction) and downstream (e.g.
finishing stage) activities are excluded.
The Group’s emission intensity is estimated using the following data
sources:
■ the emission intensity baseline calculated for each furnace

based on specific boundaries (raw materials preparation
including by third‑party providers, i.e. for steelmakers that have
subcontracted it, iron and steel production), sourced from the
Commodities Research Unit (CRU);

7

The emission intensity of clients in the aluminium sector is
measured in tonnes of CO2 equivalent per tonne of primary
aluminium (manufactured from bauxite). The measure includes
direct CO2 and perfluorocarbon (PFC) emissions and (scope 1) and
indirect energy purchase emissions (scope 2) from aluminium
production (electrolysis). Upstream activities (bauxite mining),
alumina manufacturing and downstream activities (e.g. extrusion)
are excluded.
The Group’s emission intensity is estimated using the following data
sources:
■ emission intensity baseline calculated for each aluminium

smelter from CRU;
■ 2030 emission intensity: when available, the most recent

publicly announced emission reduction commitments, or
otherwise, CRU estimates.
For this sector, the Group has set a credit portfolio intensity target of
less than or equal to 5.6 tCO2e/t of primary aluminium by 2030,
based on the International Aluminium Institute (IIA)’s 1.5°C scenario.

The Cement sector
The emission intensity of clients in the cement sector is measured in
tonnes of CO2 per tonne of cementitious product. The measure
includes direct emissions (scope 1) and indirect emissions related to
the purchase of energy (scope 2). Direct emissions include emissions
from alternative fuels but exclude those from biomass. The value
chain segment under consideration is limestone production, and
clinker and cement production. Upstream activities (extraction of
raw materials) and downstream activities (e.g. concrete production)
are excluded.
The data provided for the reference year are from the end of 2022,
with BNP Paribas relying on client data and public commitments
arising from the Annual Reports published in 2023. For 2024, this
same one‑year lag exists (2023 data).

7

For this sector, the Group has set a credit portfolio intensity target of
less than or equal to 0.51 tCO2/t of cementitious product by 2030,
based on the IEA’s NZE scenario.

The Aviation sector
The emission scope of the sector includes scope 1 and scope 3’s
category 3 for airlines (fuel and energy‑related activities that are not
included in scope 1 or scope 2) and scope 3’s category 13 for lessors
(downstream leased assets). Emissions are measured on a
well‑to‑wake basis, which includes the emissions released during
combustion, as well as upstream fuel emissions (which are negative
for Sustainable Aviation Fuels). All Kyoto Protocol GHGs (CO2, CH4
and N2O) are in scope.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

723

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

BNP Paribas’ portfolio emission intensity measurement in this sector
focuses on the operations of commercial aircraft, whether owned by
airlines or lessors, which represents most of CO2 emissions along
the value chain.
Emission intensity is defined in grammes of CO2 equivalent per
Revenue Tonne Kilometre (RTK), with RTK being a unit of traffic
measurement corresponding to one metric tonne of payload carried
one kilometre.
By 2030, BNP Paribas targets a reduction of 18% of its Aviation
portfolio emission intensity compared to 2022, representing
785 gCO2e/RTK, in line with the Mission Possible Partnership
Prudent (MPP PRU) scenario projections.

The Shipping sector
The emission scope of the sector includes scope 1 and scope 3’s
category 3 (fuel and energy‑related activities that are not included in
scope 1 or scope 2) of ship owners and operators. Emissions are
measured on a well‑to‑wake basis which includes emissions
released during combustion on board of a vessel, mainly for
propulsion purposes, as well as upstream fuel emissions. CO2, CH4
and N2O are included. BNP Paribas’ portfolio emission intensity
measurement focuses on cargo vessels once built, delivered and in
operation, which represents the vast majority of the GHG emissions
along the sector’s value chain.
BNP Paribas measures the Annual Efficiency Ratio (AER) of each of
the vessels in‑scope. The AER is the most widely used carbon
intensity measure today in this industry as well as by financial
institutions. The AER is reported in gCO2 equivalent per dwt.nm
(deadweight tonne times nautical miles), reflecting the emissions
generated in relation to the maximum cargo capacity of the vessel
and the distance sailed.
By 2030, BNP Paribas aims to reduce the emission intensity of its
portfolio by 23% to 32%, representing an intensity ranging from 5.6
and 6.4 gCO2e/dwt.nm. The lower end of this 2030 emission
intensity target range is aligned with the Det Norske Veritas (DNV)
1.6°C trajectory.

BNP Paribas has set an intermediate target for 2030 of between 19.5
and 16.7 kgCO2e/m2, i.e. a reduction range of 31% to 41% compared
to 2022. This reduction range remains lower than what the
CRREMV2.02 trajectory prescribes for 2030 but reflects the existing
projections by the individual countries. The Group’s ability to achieve
this target is highly dependent on factors outside the control of
BNP Paribas, such as the evolution of the energy mix within
countries, the development of local EPC regulations, or the national
net zero transition strategies for the Real Estate sector.

The Residential Real Estate sector
BNP Paribas focused on building ownership and exploitation
(scopes 1 and 2), i.e. the energy used for housing, which represents
75% of CO2emissions for the entire life of the building. Regarding the
rest of the value chain (scope 3), transport and distribution related
losses are excluded, as recommended by CRREM. The French,
Belgian and Italian markets account for 94% of the Group’s
residential real estate loan portfolio.
The baseline calculation accounts for scope 1 and 2 emissions, in
line with the CRREM methodology. CO2, CH4, N2O and fluorinated
gases (where data are available) are included.
At country portfolio level, the intensity‑based measure, expressed in
kgCO2 equivalent per square metre, is weighted on the financed
square metres, in line with the PCAF methodology. At the Group
level, the intensity‑based measure is weighted by the number of
assets the Group finances in each country. BNP Paribas used energy
performance certificates (EPC), when available, or public data
repositories, to compute the emission intensities of the residential
real estate portfolio.
For the time being, it was decided not to set quantitative targets for
the residential real estate sector’s credit portfolio. This choice is
motivated by several reasons, the main ones being:
■ decarbonising the residential real estate sector is, to a great

extent, dependent on the energy mix of the country, varying
across the European countries;
■ the sector faces frequent regulatory changes: local regulations

The Commercial Real Estate sector
Scopes 1, 2 and part of scope 3 are included (scope 3 is limited to
category 13, downstream leased assets, which accounts for tenant’s
scope 1 and 2 emissions). CO2, CH4, N2O and fluorinated gases
(when data is available) are included.
BNP Paribas focuses on the emissions from building utilisation
(ownership and exploitation), as this accounts for c.75% of the
emissions across the sector’s value chain. Construction‑related
emissions are not included. However, a significant part of these is
already included in the Group’s other alignment targets (e.g. cement
and steel production).
The chosen metric is an emission intensity in kgCO2 equivalent per
square metre. To obtain an aggregated measure, emission intensities
are weighted by credit exposures.

lead to uncertainties about public aid schemes, but at the same
time a reduction in regulatory constraints on energy renovation
could accelerate it;
■ decarbonising the sector requires diverse and coordinated

actions by policymakers, financial institutions, industry experts
and clients;
■ lastly, BNP Paribas wants to ensure a balance between a

necessary decarbonisation and a just transition by supporting
all households in European countries in access to and transition
of housing.

The Agriculture sector
In its approach to decarbonize its agriculture portfolio, BNP Paribas,
like several other financial institutions and in line with the
WBCSD (1) recommendations, focuses on the Farm segment,
upstream of food processing activities. Emissions in this segment
include the clients’ scopes 1 and 2.

(1) The World Business Council for Sustainable Development.

724

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The Group decided not to set quantitative targets for this sector,
mainly for the following reasons:

■ the fragmented client base and the absence of climate data at

■ agriculture is a highly fragmented sector with a wide variety of
commodities and very different emission profiles depending on
the type of crop, the product grown, the country, local patterns
of weather and soils varying practices with different
environmental footprints , etc.;

■ the nascent methodologies at this stage and the absence of

7

client‑level create significant challenges for portfolio alignment;
suitable scenarios are also obstacles to setting targets.

3.B GROUP’S METRICS AND TARGETS RELATED TO ITS CLIMATE CHANGE OPPORTUNITIES
Targets and metrics related to the Group’s
commercial activities

Targets and metrics related to the operational
scope

As presented in section 2d. Group actions related to climate change
opportunities in this chapter, the Group has defined a performance
indicator included in its CSR dashboard. It corresponds to the
cumulative amount between 1st January 2022 and 31st December
2025 of the financial support identified as contributing to the
transition to a low‑carbon economy. It includes loans, bonds, as well
as the financial support in the form of private placements, financial
advisory and IPOs. The Group has set the target of a total amount of
EUR 200 billion by 2025.

Approach and metrics

In addition, the Group has also set itself the target of reaching
EUR 40 billion financing to low‑carbon, primarily renewable, energy
production by 2030 (representing 90% of the financed energy mix),
according to the definition of low‑carbon energies in section 3.a
Group’s Metrics and targets related to its impact on climate change
in this chapter.

The data required to calculate the indicators related to the Group’s
operational scope are collected annually from the main territories
(20 in 2024) in terms of employee headcount (representing 90% of
the Group’s total workforce). An extrapolation then covers the rest of
BNP Paribas’ environmental data for countries not participating in
the reporting. The period considered for the data collected covers
12 months from October (N‑1) to September (N). The number of
FTEs is the number officially set by HR Group as of 31 December of
the year considered.
The measurement of the CO2 equivalent (1) emissions of the Group’s
operational scope is based on the GHG Protocol’s reference
methodology. It takes into account the energy consumed (electricity,
gas, oil, district heating) in the buildings occupied by the Group, and
the energy consumed during the use of transportation by employees
for their business trips (excluding home‑work travels) by car, train or
plane.
Due to its activities, the Group is not a significant source of noise
pollution or any other specific industrial pollution.
The target in terms of emissions for the Group’s operational scope is
to be less than or equal to 1.85 tCO2e/FTE in 2025.

7

(1) Professional activities emit other greenhouse gases such as CO2, CH4, N2O and fluorinated gases.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

725

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

3.C ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND ENERGY MIX
The Group presents below its energy consumption as well as the associated energy mix. In addition, the Group indicates the quantities of
electricity produced through the photovoltaic installations deployed at several of its sites.

➤ TABLE NO. 10: ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND THE GROUP’S ENERGY MIX
Energy consumption and energy mix

2024

1. Fuel consumption from coal and coal‑based products (in MWh)

NA

2. Fuel consumption from crude oil and petroleum products (in MWh)

NA

3. Fuel consumption from natural gas (in MWh)

NA

4. Fuel consumption from other fossil sources (in MWh)

NA

5. Consumption of electricity, heat, steam and cooling purchased or acquired from fossil sources (in MWh)

NA

6. Total fossil energy consumption (in MWh)
(calculated as the sum of rows 1 to 5)

354,632

Share of fossil sources in total energy consumption (in %)

45.6%

7. Consumption from nuclear sources (in MWh)

164,177

Share of consumption from nuclear sources in total energy consumption (in %)

21.1%

8. Fuel consumption from renewable sources, including biomass (also including industrial and municipal waste of
biological origin, biogas, renewable hydrogen, etc.) (in MWh)
9. Consumption of electricity, heat, steam and cooling purchased or acquired from renewable sources (in MWh)
10. Consumption of self‑generated non‑combustible renewable energy (in MWh)
11. Total renewable energy consumption (in MWh)
(calculated as the sum of lines 8 to 10)

NA
257,035
2,396
259,431

Share of renewable sources in total energy consumption (in %)

33.3%

TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION (in MWh)
(CALCULATED AS THE SUM OF LINES 6, 7 AND 11)

778,240

3.D GROSS GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS
Emissions from scopes 1, 2 and 3 of the operational
scope
In 2024, the Group’s total emissions on its operational scope
amounted to 263,673 tCO2e (expressed using the location‑based
approach), a 7.6% decrease compared to 2023 and a 42.8% decrease
compared to 2019, the pre‑Covid‑19 reference year.
They represent 1.48 tCO2e per FTE, which is below the maximum
target set for 2025 (1.85 tCO2e/FTE). Scope 1 amounts to
23,587 tCO2e, scope 2 (1) amounts to 129,336 tCO2e, and scope 3
related to business travel to 110,751 tCO2e.
For scope 3, only emissions related to business travel are reported
(category 6). The assessment of scope 3 remains partial given that
the level of approximation is still too high (application of generic
emission factors based on financial data). Greenhouse gas emissions
related to business travel are calculated based on kilometres
travelled and relate to:

■ reservations for air and train journeys made through the travel

agencies with which the Group works;
■ trips made by leased or personal vehicles.

Scope 3 emissions of financed operations
As of 31 December 2024, the Group's financed emissions on scope 1
and 2 are 60,494,532 tCO2e and on scope 3 43,660,656 tCO2e, for a
total (scopes 1, 2 and 3) of 104,155,188 tCO2e.
The Group refers to the GHG Protocol which considers emissions
resulting from direct corporate financing sources in the form of
equity, debt and project financing. The calculation on other types of
activities is optional: this includes investment and asset
management activities, as well as insurance contracts, financial
advisory services and contracts on financial instruments such as
derivatives, financial guarantees, securitised products, funds.
Off‑balance sheet items such as assets under management are not
covered by the calculation.

(1) Computed with a location‑based approach.

726

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The Group’s financed greenhouse gas emissions cover the operations
recorded on the Group’s balance sheet in the banking book and
attributable to non‑financial corporates clients within the Group’s
prudential perimeter, in accordance with the sectoral disclosure
requirements defined by the European Banking Authority’s technical

7

implementation standard and presented in chapter 5.11
Environmental risks, Social and Governance Framework, section
Banking Portfolio – Indicators of Potential Transition Risk Related to
Climate Change. The table below details the excluded assets and the
assets covered by the calculation of the Group’s financed emissions.

➤ TABLE NO. 11: SCOPE OF ASSETS INCLUDED IN THE CALCULATION OF FINANCED GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS
(SCOPE 3, CATEGORY 15)

Reference chapter

In millions of euros

4.3 Group balance
sheet

Total assets of the Group’s balance sheet as of 31 December 2024

2,704,908

5.2 Table 8

Restatement of insurance companies

(286,849)

5.2 Table 8

Other restatements related to consolidation methods

5.2 Table 8

Total assets of the Prudential Group’s supervisory balance sheet

14,764

Reintegration of provisions and revaluation

2,432,823
17,530

Total Gross assets of the Prudential Group’s supervisory balance sheet

2,450,353

5.2 Table 8

Excluding non‑financial assets(1)

(233,648)

5.2 Table 8

Excluding other assets(2)

(34,996)

5.2 Table 8

Exclusion of mark‑to‑market financial instruments by profit or loss

(802,995)

5.4 Table 48

Exclusion of credit risk exposures of central banks and central governments

(392,800)

5.4 Table 48

Exclusion of credit risk exposures of institutions

(186,804)

Excludes securities, equity, institutions

(8,525)

5.4 Table 48

Exclusion of retail credit risk exposures

(343,478)

5.11 Table 107

Total credit risk exposures of non‑financial corporations

447,107

(1) Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, goodwill, asset taxes, accruals and deferred income and miscellaneous assets.
(2) Cash register, hedging derivatives, shares in associates.

The exclusions of financial assets presented in the table are justified
as follows:
■ the portfolio of insurance companies' assets is adjusted in the

prudential balance sheet (using the equity method) and shall be
considered in addition to the banking book. The Group’s
insurance companies subject to the SFDR (1) and LEC
29 (2) regulations publish their carbon footprint. Pending
sector‑specific standards for the insurance sector applicable
under the CSRD, emissions attributable to the portfolio of
financial assets on the insurance balance sheet are not
included in the Group’s estimate of financed emissions. Ahead
of the convergence of regulatory reporting directives, work is
underway within the Group to harmonise the methodologies
and data sources used;
■ financial instruments accounted for at fair value through profit

management model consists of selling market positions on a
liquid market with the intention of achieving a short‑term
result. This type of transaction is different from a financing
operation and, to date, there is no commonly accepted method
for measuring the greenhouse gas emissions attributed to this
business model. Their exclusion is also compliant with the
treatment of assets in the European Taxonomy regulation;

7

■ exposures to central banks and governments correspond to the

Group’s liquidity portfolio, their holding is due to interest rate
and liquidity risk management requirements, particularly the
maintenance of a portfolio of high‑quality liquid assets (HQLA
(3)) and not for commercial financing or investment purposes;
■ similarly, interbank assets are short‑term assets held for cash

management purposes and to supply the interbank market.
They are therefore excluded from the calculation;

or loss correspond to the Group’s trading book whose

(1) Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation.
(2) Article 29 – Law No. 2019‑1147 of 8 November 2019 on energy and climate.
(3) High Quality Liquidity Assets.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

727

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

■ finally, loans granted to retail customers are also excluded from

■

the estimate published by the Group because:
■

there is no demonstrated correlation between a borrower’s
probability of default and the greenhouse gas emissions’ level
or the financed asset’s energy consumption,

■

financed real estate assets are mainly exposed to physical
risks, while greenhouse gas emissions are an indicator of
transition risk,
actual data (energy performance diagnosis before and after
renovation, vehicle registration number) are not available
and collectible in sufficient quantities to make a
representative estimate of financed emissions.

To calculate scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, BNP Paribas uses the methods presented in the table below:

➤ TABLE NO. 12: DETAILED METHODS FOR CALCULATING GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS
Scope 3 emissions category

Detailed Emissions Calculation Methodology

1. Goods and Services Purchased

-

2. Capital goods

-

3. Activities in the fuel and energy sectors
(not included in scopes 1 and 2)

-

4. Upstream transmission and distribution

-

5. Waste generated during operation

-

6. Business travel

The emission factors needed to recover the kWh consumed in the 20 territories are taken from
the 2023 publications of the International Energy Agency. For the valuation of km, the Group
relies mainly on the DEFRA standard(1)

7. Employee commuting

-

8. Upstream leased assets

-

9. Downstream Routing

-

10. Processing of the products sold

-

11. Use of Sold Products

-

12. End‑of‑life treatment of products sold

-

13. Downstream leased assets

-

14. Franchises

-

15. Investments

The reporting of greenhouse gas emissions attributable to the banking book of financial assets
accounted for in the form of equity and debt follows the PCAF Financed Emission Part A
(Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials) methodology presented by the Group in
chapter 5.11 Environmental, social and governance risks, section Banking book - Indicators of
potential transition risk related to climate change

(1) Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs.

728

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

Summary of BNP Paribas’ gross scope 1, 2, 3 greenhouse gas emissions and total emissions
➤ TABLE NO. 13: SUMMARY OF THE GROUP’S GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS BY SCOPE
2024
Scope 1 GHG emissions
Scope 1 Gross GHG Emissions (tCO2e)

23,587

Percentage of scope 1 GHG emissions from regulated emissions trading systems (%)

-

Scope 2 GHG emissions
Gross Scope 2 Location‑Based GHG Emissions (tCO2e)

129,336

Market‑based Scope 2 Gross GHG Emissions (tCO2e)

58,093

Significant Scope 3 GHG Emissions
Total gross indirect GHG emissions (scope 3) (tCO2e)

104,265,939

1 Goods and Services Purchased

-

(Optional sub‑category: Cloud and data centre services)

-

2 Capital goods

-

3 Activities in the fuel and energy sectors (not included in scopes 1 and 2)

-

4 Upstream transmission and distribution

-

5 Waste generated during operation

-

6 Business trips

110,751

7 Employee commuting

-

8 Upstream leased assets

-

9 Downstream Routing

-

10 Processing of products sold

-

11 Use of Sold Products

-

12 End‑of‑life treatment of products sold

-

13 Downstream leased assets

-

14 Franchises

-

15 Investments

104,155,188

7

Total GHG emissions
Total GHG emissions (location‑based) (tCO2e)

104,418,862

Total GHG emissions (market‑based) (tCO2e)

104,347,619

In addition, the greenhouse gas emissions related to the fleet of
vehicles leased by Arval to its clients amounted to 23.3 MtCO2e for
the year 2024. In accordance with the GHG Protocol, they cover the
vehicle life cycle's main phases : manufacture, use of vehicles during
the lease period, and use once the vehicles have been resold until
their end of life. The Arval subsidiary publishes a detailed inventory
of its greenhouse gas emissions in its management report in
accordance with the CSRD.

Greenhouse gas emission intensity
In the absence of standards for the application of the income
intensity indicator for financial institutions, the Group publishes the
indicator used internally, i.e. the carbon footprint of the portfolio
expressed as the greenhouse gas emission intensity per unit of
assets financed, i.e. 0.23 MtCO2e per billion euros financed as of
December 31st 2024 on the same scope as Table 11.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

729

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

3.E GREENHOUSE GAS REMOVAL AND MITIGATION PROJECTS, FINANCED THROUGH CARBON
CREDITS
Since 2017, BNP Paribas has been purchasing voluntary carbon
credits annually for an amount equivalent to the residual
greenhouse gas emissions emitted the previous year on its
operational scope (sum of the emissions related to its scopes 1 and 2
and part of its scope 3). In 2024, the Group purchased the equivalent
of 214,860 tCO2, the emissions' amount for the year 2023 (expressed
according to the market‑based approach).

■ in

Guatemala, hundreds of landowners, including local
communities, have come together to protect nearly
60,000 hectares of forest by developing sustainable livelihoods
that restore rather than degrade the forest and create better
living conditions for its inhabitants;

■ the Qori Q’oncha programme in Peru is deploying improved

wood‑burning stoves in several regions of the country, reducing
the amount of wood used and carbon emissions while removing
noxious smoke from homes.

The voluntary carbon credits purchased in 2024 come from four
projects outside the Group’s value chain:
■ the Kasigau project in Kenya, supported by the Group since

2017, is a programme to protect and restore 200,000 hectares
of forest. Led by the NGO Wildlife Works, it also finances access
to healthcare, water and education for local populations;

The calculation of the projects' carbon credits has been certified by
Verra (Verified Carbon Standard) with the exception of the Peruvian
project which has been certified by Gold Standard.

■ in India, the project is based on a ten‑year voluntary carbon

offset programme as part of a partnership between BNP Paribas
and the GoodPlanet Foundation, through the construction of
13,000 biodigesters. They provide four hours of gas daily, thus
avoiding wood‑burning and deforestation, and improving the
living conditions of nearly 70,000 people;
The table below presents a summary of the main characteristics of the greenhouse gas emission reduction or absorption projects chosen by
BNP Paribas and financed by the purchase of carbon credits.

➤ TABLE NO. 14: SUMMARY TABLE OF THE CHARACTERISTICS OF THE GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSION REDUCTION OR
ABSORPTION PROJECTS CHOSEN BY THE GROUP

Carbon credits purchased in the base year
TOTAL (in tCO2e)

214,860

Share of absorption projects

51.0%

Share of reduction projects

49.0%

Verified Carbon Standard

91.4%

Gold standard

8.6%

Share of projects carried out within the EU
SHARE OF CARBON CREDITS THAT CAN BE CONSIDERED AS CORRESPONDING ADJUSTMENTS
UNDER ARTICLE 6 OF THE PARIS AGREEMENT (in %)

730

2024

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

0%
100%

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

4.

7

TECHNICAL GLOSSARY RELATED TO THE MEASUREMENT OF GREENHOUSE GAS
EMISSIONS
IAI: International Aluminium Institute.

AER: Annual Efficiency Ratio.
IEA: International Energy Agency.

IMO: International Maritime Organization.

CH4: Chemical formula of methane gas. Methane is of particular
concern because of its global warming potential, which is about
25 times higher than that of carbon dioxide (CO2) over a 100‑year
period. This means that even small amounts of methane in the
atmosphere can have a significant impact on climate change.

kWh: kilowatt‑hour, unit of measurement of energy.

CO2: The chemical formula of carbon dioxide. Carbon dioxide is of
particular concern because of its role in global warming. It traps
heat in the atmosphere, thus contributing to the greenhouse effect.
CO2 emissions are often measured in tonnes of CO2 equivalent to
assess their impact on the climate.
CRREM: Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor.
DNV: Det Norske Veritas is a classification society and certification
body that provides quality assurance and risk management services.
dwt.nm: deadweight tonne times nautical miles. “Deadweight
Tonnage” is a measure of a ship’s total load capacity, including the
weight of cargo, fuel, water, provisions, passengers, and crew. The
term “nm” stands for “nautical miles”.
Fluorinated gases: greenhouse gases that include several types of
chemical compounds. They are often used in a variety of industrial
and commercial applications, such as refrigeration systems, air
conditioners, aerosols, and foam insulation. The main fluorinated
gases are hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), sulfur
hexafluoride (SF6) and hydrofluoroolefins (HFOs). These gases are
known for their high global warming potential, which means they
can trap heat in the atmosphere much more efficiently than carbon
dioxide (CO2).

MJ: Mega Joule, unit of measurement of energy.
MPP: Mission Possible Partnership is a collaborative initiative to
accelerate the decarbonisation of hard‑to‑reduce industrial sectors.
The MPP brings together companies, governments and
non‑governmental organisations to develop and implement sectoral
roadmaps to net‑zero emissions.
N2O: The chemical formula of nitrous oxide. N2O is of particular
concern because of its global warming potential, which is about
298 times higher than that of carbon dioxide (CO2) over a 100‑year
period. This means that even small amounts of N2O in the
atmosphere can have a significant impact on climate change.
RTK: Revenue Tonne Kilometre. A unit of measurement of traffic
corresponding to one metric tonne of payload carried over one
kilometre.
WEO: World Energy Outlook.
WLTP: Worldwide Harmonised Light Vehicle Test Procedure.

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

731

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7.1.3 ALIGNED ACTIVITIES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE EUROPEAN
TAXONOMY
1.

REMINDER OF THE REGULATORY FRAMEWORK AND REPORTING OBLIGATIONS FOR
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

The European Taxonomy (hereinafter referred to as the Taxonomy) is
a system for classifying economic activities according to their
contribution to the six environmental objectives (1) defined by the
European Commission in the various Regulations and Delegated Acts
published between June 2020 and November 2023 (2).

For a credit institution, the main alignment indicator is the Green
Asset Ratio (GAR), which concerns financing instruments on the
institution’s balance sheet. This disclosure of the GAR is
accompanied by the green ratio of financial guarantees and the
green ratio of assets under management.

The Taxonomy is based on two central concepts:

The chosen approach, presented hereafter, notably leverages on
most of the frequently asked questions (FAQs) published by European
Commission on 8 November 2024 (4) on the interpretation of certain
provisions of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178. However, the
Group has not considered the FAQs introducing a conglomerate
indicator in reference to Annex XI of Delegated Regulation (UE)
2021/2178, not included in initial regulation.

■ the eligibility of an activity, if the latter is described in one of

the Delegated Regulations of the Taxonomy because of its high
potential to contribute to any one of the six environmental
objectives;
■ the alignment, which confirms the significant contribution of an

eligible activity to one of the six environmental objectives,
based on measurable criteria. An aligned activity is defined (3)
as an activity that makes a substantial contribution to one of
the environmental objectives without causing harm to the other
objectives, i.e. that firstly satisfies all the technical screening
criteria described in one of the delegated regulations, and
secondly that meets the minimum safeguards.

2.

SCOPE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS SUBJECT TO THE ELIGIBILITY ANALYSIS

Each indicator is calculated based on the prudential scope of
consolidation as presented in chapter 5 Risks and capital adequacy
– Pillar 3, in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU)
2021/2178 of 6 July 2021.

2.A GREEN ASSET RATIO (GAR)

(in the form of loans and advances, debt securities, equity
instruments and repossessed real estate collateral):
■ outstandings on European companies subject in 2024 to the

NFRD (5);
■ outstandings on European households in the three loan

categories covered by the regulation (home loans; energy
renovation loans; car loans granted since 1 January 2022);

The measurement of financial assets covered by the Taxonomy
regulation is based on the gross carrying amount, i.e. before taking
into account any provisions.

■ outstandings on local administration for financing of public

The ratio numerator measures the amounts of financial assets
corresponding to aligned activities within the meaning of the
Taxonomy. Its scope of analysis covers the following financial assets

■ the carrying amount of repossessed property collaterals.

housing and other specialised financing, i.e. for which the
allocation of funds is known;

(1) Climate Change Mitigation, Climate Change Adaptation, sustainable use and protection of Water and Marine Resources, transition to a Circular Economy, Pollution prevention
and control, Protection & restoration of Biodiversity & Ecosystems.
(2) Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of 18 June 2020, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 of 6 July 2021, Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2486 of 27 June 2023, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 amending Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2021/2139.
(3) Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of 18 June 2020.
(4) Commission notice of European Commission of 8 November 2024.
(5) Non‑Financial Reporting Directive 2014/95/EU of 22 October 2014.

732

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The ratio denominator includes the following asset categories (in
addition to the financial assets subject to alignment analysis for the
calculation of the numerator): interbank current accounts,
derivatives used for hedging purposes, outstandings to European
companies not subject in 2024 to the NFRD and outstandings with
non‑European counterparties, outstandings on households that do
not fall within the three loan categories covered by the GAR (which
are housing loans, energy renovation loans and car loans), cash on
hand, other assets (e.g. property, plant and equipment, intangible
assets, deferred tax assets).
The inclusion of assets excluded from numerator alignment analysis
in the asset denominator (30.2% of balance sheet assets, in gross
carrying amount) causes a structural imbalance of the indicator.
Consequently, this ratio cannot be a representative measurement
indicator for alignment.
Exposures to central governments, central banks or supranational
issuers are not covered by the regulation, and amount to 47.9% of
balance sheet assets, in gross carrying amount.
The GAR, in stock measure, is completed by a flow GAR, which
indicates the share of the evolution over the period of stock of
aligned assets in the evolution of total assets covered by the GAR
denominator. It is calculated by the difference of aligned assets
(loans and advances, debt securities, equity instruments and
repossessed real estate collaterals) between the end‑of‑year stock
and the previous one. This methodology is applied for all flows
indicators (GAR, green ratio of financial guarantees, green ratio of
assets under management), for consistency purpose and in the
absence of disclosed guidelines on flow off balance sheet indicators.

3.

7

2.B RATIOS OF GREEN OFF‑BALANCE SHEET
ASSETS
Concerning the green ratio of financial guarantees, the scope of
analysis for aligning guarantees, used to calculate the ratio
numerator, covers financial guarantees whose counterparties are
European companies subject in 2024 to the NFRD. The denominator
includes all financial guarantees granted to companies regardless of
whether they are covered by the regulation. Yet again, a structural
imbalance of the ratio must be considered, and consequently this
ratio cannot be a representative measurement indicator for
alignment.
Concerning the green ratio of assets under management, the scope
of alignment covers instruments invested in European companies
subject in 2024 to the NFRD as well as investments in real estate
assets. This covers both the asset management activities carried out
by the Group, and the discretionary management of client portfolios
in respect of investment funds, equity instruments, debt securities
and investments in real estate assets. The same structural
imbalance is observed, as the denominator includes all instruments
regardless of whether they are covered by the regulation.
Consequently, this ratio cannot be a representative measurement
indicator for alignment.
Exposures to central governments, central banks or supranational
issuers are also excluded from the off‑balance sheet indicators.
Flow ratios of green off‑balance sheet assets have been calculated
for the 2024 reporting year, based on a similar methodology as the
one for the flow GAR.

METHODOLOGY FOR ALIGNMENT QUALIFICATION UNDER THE EUROPEAN
TAXONOMY

The analysis of the eligibility and alignment of financial assets with
the Taxonomy is based on differentiated approaches according to the
categories of counterparties: companies subject in 2024 to the NFRD,
local governments, European households and investment funds.

longer recognised using the equity method as at 31 December 2023.
Since assets held by Arval are not eligible to the GAR numerator, the
Arval shares of aligned turnover and aligned CapEx no longer reflect
in the GAR of the Group.

For counterparties subject to the NFRD, if the financial instrument
funds are not allocated, the Group collects, via data providers, the
share of alignment published by the companies, such as the aligned
turnover ratio and the aligned capital expenditure ratio (CapEx). This
treatment applies to the three ratios, the Green Asset Ratio, the
green ratio of financial guarantees and the green ratio of assets
under management.

With regard to financing granted to corporates and local
administration, where the use of funds is known, the alignment
measure should be based on information collected from the
counterparty. The communication notice published by European
Commission on 8 November 2024 (1) on the interpretation of certain
provisions of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 specifies that as
such banking institutions must collect supporting documents proving
the alignment for each of the technical criteria, in order to ensure
that they are met. The level of collection and verification of the
requirements set by the Commission’s communication of
8 November 2024 is not fully achievable. This is why no financial
instrument for which use of funds is known has been reported in the
GAR numerator, with respect to companies or local governments.

With regard to Cardif assets, recognised in the prudential balance
sheet using the equity method, a similar treatment has been
performed, respectively taking into account Cardif’s investment
indicators, turnover‑based and CapEx based measured as of 30 June
2024. It should be noted that Arval assets, since 1 July 2024, have
been fully consolidated in the prudential balance sheet, and no

7

(1) Commission notice of European Commission of 8 November 2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

733

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

low‑carbon performance criteria, but is not able to assess the
absence of negative impacts on the other five environmental
objectives. Therefore, the GAR numerator only includes, with regard
to household loans, housing loans.

With regard to households, a similar approach should be conducted
to assess the alignment of housing loans, energy renovation loans
and car loans, with the collection of evidence justifying each of the
criteria for both key energy or low‑carbon performance criteria, as
well as for other criteria justifying the absence of negative impacts
on the other five environmental objectives. The Group is able to
carry out this full assessment approach (1) only for housing loans, by
leveraging on its internal assessment framework of climate physical
risks, on the basis of the RCP 8.5 2085 scenario as regards to riverine
and pluvial flooding risk. For renovation loans and car loans, the
Group indeed collects evidence from households for key energy or

4.

With regard to the investment funds covered by the green ratio of
assets under management, and in particular those included in the
portfolios under management mandate, the Group has been able to
integrate the first alignment shares published by investment funds
subject to EU Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR)
2019/2088.

ALIGNMENT INDICATORS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024

Summary of key performance indicators (KPIs) to be published by credit institutions in accordance with
article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852
➤ TABLE NO. 15: SUMMARY OF MAIN KPI
31 December 2024
Total
Total environmentally
sustainable
environmentally
assets
sustainable
assets (turnover)
(CapEx)

in millions of euros

Main KPI

Green asset ratio (GAR) stock

23,495

27,055

KPI
(turnover)

KPI
(CapEx)

1.84%

2.12%

% of assets
% of assets
excluded from the excluded from the
numerator of the denominator of the
% coverage
GAR (Article 7 (2)
GAR (Article 7 (1))
(over total and (3) and Section and Section 1.2.4 of
assets)
1.1.2. of Annex V)
Annex V)
21.91%

30.19%

47.90%

31 December 2023
Total
Total environmentally
sustainable
environmentally
assets
sustainable
assets (turnover)
(CapEx)

in millions of euros

Main KPI

Green asset ratio (GAR) stock

9,254

19,793

KPI
(turnover)

KPI
(CapEx)

0.78%

1.66%

% of assets
% of assets
excluded from the excluded from the
numerator of the denominator of the
% coverage
GAR (Article 7 (2)
GAR (Article 7 (1))
(over total and (3) and Section and Section 1.2.4 of
assets)
1.1.2. of Annex V)
Annex V)
28.06%

22.57%

49.36%

➤ TABLE NO. 16: SUMMARY OF ADDITIONAL KPIS
31 December 2024
in millions of euros

Additional KPIs

Total environmentally
sustainable assets (turnover)

Total environmentally
sustainable assets (CapEx)

KPI
(turnover)

KPI
(CapEx)

GAR (flow)

14,241

7,262

(11.56)%

(5.90)%

Financial guarantees

3,553

4,746

4.32%

5.77%

Assets under management

12,174

14,025

2.32%

2.67%

Total environmentally
sustainable assets (CapEx)

KPI
(turnover)

KPI
(CapEx)

31 December 2023
Total environmentally
sustainable assets (turnover)

in millions of euros

GAR (flow)
Additional KPIs

Financial guarantees

5,751

9,492

4.65%

7.68%

Assets under management

8,659

14,456

1.98%

3.31%

(1) Approach based on the technical screening criteria applicable to retail clients, as described by Annex V to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178

734

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The Group’s green asset ratio, measured from counterparty revenue
indicators, amounts to 1.8% of covered assets at the end of
December 2024. The ratio increased due to the integration of aligned
housing loans, identified thanks to the methodology described
here‑above and applied since 2024. Arval alignment indicators are
no more taken into account in the calculation of Group GAR, due to
its full prudential consolidation since 1 July 2024. This Arval
consolidation scope effect impacted the Group’s GAR by
approximately -30 basis points. The share of Arval’s aligned turnover,
in relation with revenues from leasing and sales of vehicles,
amounted to 13.8% in 2024, for an eligible share of 97.2%, whereas
the share of its aligned CapEx (acquisition costs of vehicles) was
24.7%, for an eligible share of 99.3%.

5.

7

With regard to the Group’s green asset ratio, eligible and
non‑aligned assets represent 19.8% of covered assets. These assets
are mostly eligible for the two climate objectives (19.7% of covered
assets), a negligible share (0.2%) being eligible to the other
environmental objectives (1).
Other tables are presented in appendix 4 and are also available on
the Group’s investor relations website (2).
In addition to the 13 generic tables, the Group publishes 9 tables
complementary to the GAR stock indicator (measured on a turnover
basis and on a Capex basis), covering the financing of activities
related to fossil fuel and nuclear energy. It has been considered that
the disclosure of tables complementary to other alignment
indicators, of a more secondary order, would bring only a marginally
useful information.

LIMITS OF THE REGULATORY RATIOS FOR ALIGNMENT WITH THE EUROPEAN
TAXONOMY

The green asset ratio and the other indicators of taxonomy
alignment applicable to banks, due to their methodological
imbalances and their operational complexity, cannot reflect all of the
Group’s financing of the transition to a low‑carbon economy.

The need to take into account these criteria significantly reduces the
share of activities aligned by companies, especially since banks’
collection of information for each of the criteria is currently not
feasible.

Firstly, the analysis of the alignment with the European taxonomy
only concerns companies subject in 2024 to the NFRD, European
households and specialised financing granted to European local
governments. The regulation excludes the financing of SMEs and
non‑European companies. Specifically, they exclude from the
analysis the financing of projects housed in dedicated vehicles, not
subject in 2024 to the NFRD regulation, even if they concern the
financing of low‑carbon infrastructure in Europe. Finally, the scope of
the ratio limited to large companies subject in 2024 to the NFRD
regulation is very restrictive, given the Group’s diversified business
model.

This last finding has even more impact on renovation and car loans
granted to households, for which asset alignment would require the
collection of data not related to climate performance, which
individual customers are unable to collect. Also, by default, their
efforts to contribute to a low‑carbon economy, through home energy
renovation and clean transportation, are made invisible in the green
asset ratios.

Consequently, the imbalance between the assets falling within the
scope of analysis of alignment under the numerator and the total
assets covered by the denominator sets a structural ceiling for each
of the Group’s ratios, out of which for the GAR of 42.1% in 2024. This
cap is lower the more the business model is diversified in terms of
clients, products and geographies.
The taxonomy alignment criteria are ambitious by definition, since
they correspond to thresholds scientifically compatible with the
European Union’s carbon neutrality objective by 2050. However, by
proposing only aligned or non‑aligned results, the transition
trajectory is not taken into account, even though it is the subject of a
long‑term effort already undertaken by the Group and its clients.
Finally, the climate performance criteria are accompanied by
multiple additional conditions, aimed at ensuring that the activity
does not cause significant harm to one of the five other Taxonomy
objectives. The assessment of these conditions is complex, including
issues of both interpretation of legislation and access to information.

These regulatory alignment indicators do not reflect the share of the
Group’s assets contributing to alignment with the European climate
change mitigation and adaptation objectives, nor the efforts made by
the Group to steer its business model towards a low‑carbon
economy, in particular through the alignment commitments of its
loan portfolio. This observation is widely shared with numerous
actors (banks, industries, etc.). A first draft amendment to this
metric is currently under consultation as part of the project of the
European Commission Omnibus Directive, ahead of the full revision
of the delegated act planned in 2025 by the European Commission.

7

In addition, the sustainability strategy of the Group, and its climate
component (see chapters 7.1.1 General Disclosures, section 2.
Strategy, business model and stakeholders, and 7.1.2 Climate
Change) cannot be limited to taxonomy alignment, part of the
criteria being complex to operationalise for the time being, and
hardly enabling to cover activities out of European Union. As such, as
presented in the chapter 7.1.1 General Disclosures, section 2.
Strategy, business model and stakeholders, the Group uses internal
sustainable classification principles, partly inspired by the criteria of
the European taxonomy.

(1) The four other environmental objectives are Sustainable use and protection of Water and Marine Resources, transition to a Circular Economy, Pollution prevention and control,
Protection & restoration of Biodiversity & Ecosystems.
(2) https://invest.bnpparibas/en/document/aligned‑activities‑under‑the‑meaning‑of‑the‑european‑taxonomy‑2024

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

735

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

6.

SHARE OF ASSETS ALIGNED WITH CLIMATE PERFORMANCE CRITERIA IN ELIGIBLE
ASSETS

The Group’s internal proposed ratio of the share of assets aligned
with key climate performance criteria in all assets eligible to climate
objectives enables to show the evolution of the financing granted to
assets contributing to Europe's carbon neutrality objectives..
At 31 December 2024, outstandings aligned with the Taxonomy’s key
climate performance criteria represented 11.9% of the Group’s
outstandings eligible for climate objectives.
This ratio covers the financing of European Union companies subject
in 2024 to NFRD, whether or not the use of the funds is allocated,
specialised financing granted to European local governments, and
loans to European households which are covered by the Taxonomy,
namely home loans, energy renovation loans and car loans.
The alignment measurement uses a simplified approach, based
solely on compliance with the technical climate performance
criteria, for the following categories:

■ for loans to households, alignment is assessed on the basis of a

simplified approach (1), based on the criteria of substantial
contribution to climate change mitigation objective.
For financing to companies whose use of funds is not allocated, the
measurement of the alignment is based on the key performance
indicators disclosed by the counterparties, according to the
methodology described previously in the section on methodology for
alignment qualification under the European Taxonomy.
In comparison to the GAR, this ratio better reflects the Group’s
strategy in favour of low‑carbon energy financing, and the policy of
supporting households with low‑carbon housing, renovation and
mobility solutions on the European market. The strategy for aligning
its loan portfolio, applied to all its markets, is detailed in
chapter 7.1.2 Climate change.

■ for financing to companies whose use of funds is allocated, the

alignment amount is identified based on a certificate of
taxonomy alignment collected from the client, which shows the
percentage of alignment of the financed asset or project, and
the climate objective to which it contributes;

➤ TABLE NO. 17: SHARE OF ASSETS ALIGNED WITH CLIMATE PERFORMANCE CRITERIA IN ELIGIBLE ASSETS
31 December 2024
Total assets eligible
for the Taxonomy

Total assets potentially
aligned* with the Taxonomy

Share of assets aligned*
with all eligible assets

Exposures towards NFRD counterparties

42,777

6,958

16.3%

Exposures towards Households

231,857

25,778

11.1%

TOTAL EXPOSURES

274,634

32,737

11.9%

in millions of euros

(*) On the basis of key climate performance criteria of the Taxonomy (for financing whose use of funds is allocated), and on the basis of aligned turnover
indicators disclosed by counterparties (for other financing).

31 December 2023
Total assets eligible
for the Taxonomy

Total assets potentially
aligned* with the Taxonomy

Share of assets aligned*
with all eligible assets

Exposures towards NFRD counterparties

49,513

10,836

21.9%

Exposures towards Households

227,656

21,266

9.3%

TOTAL EXPOSURES

277,169

32,101

11.6%

in millions of euros

(*) On the basis of key climate performance criteria of the Taxonomy (for financing whose use of funds is allocated), and on the basis of aligned turnover
indicators disclosed by counterparties (for other financing).

(1) As described in Annex 2 of the Commission Implementing Regulation UE 2022/2453 of 30 November 2022, template 7 Mitigation actions: assets for the calculation of the GAR.

736

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

7.1.4 OWN WORKFORCE
The Group’s own workforce refers to the nearly 180,000 Group
employees as of 31/12/2024, mainly in permanent contracts (98%). It
also includes some non‑employee workers who are on assignment
with a temporary employment agency and working in the company.
BNP Paribas presents hereafter an analysis of the strategy, policies
and actions implemented by the Group regarding its own workforce:
Strategy: the Group places people at the heart of its strategy. The
Human Resources (HR) function plays a key role in the deployment
of the Group’s ambitions in favour of people carried out by the
People Strategy around 3 pillars: ethics and inclusion, employee
experience and human capital. According to the double materiality
assessment performed by the Group, material impacts, risks and
opportunities have been identified relating to the Group’s own
workforce and are described hereafter.
Policies: the Group details all the Group and HR policies put in place
for the Group’s own workforce to deal with these material impacts,
risks and opportunities.

1.

Actions: the Group describes remediation actions to mitigate
material impacts and risks and pursue material opportunities related
to the Group’s own workforce, including the promotion of an
inclusive culture, the prevention of discrimination, harassment and
violence at work, social protection, the prevention of psychosocial
risks, actions in favour of professional equality, civil society and skills
development.
Targets and Metrics: the Group includes the objectives that were
taken as commitments in the Global Agreement as well as the social
responsibility objectives of the CSR dashboard. The metrics detailed
hereafter correspond to data on the Group’s own workforce, its
characteristics, movements as well as all data relating to the
working conditions of the Group’s employees (employment
conditions, working hours, adequate wages, social dialogue, social
protection, work‑life balance, health and safety) and the equal
treatment of employees (professional equality, training and skills
development, persons with disabilities, diversity, measures against
violence and harassment).

STRATEGY

1.A MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS AND
OPPORTUNITIES AND THEIR INTERACTION
WITH STRATEGY AND BUSINESS MODEL

Material impacts identified by the Group

As a responsible employer, the Group ensures that the labour rights
of its workers, including employees and non‑employee workers, are
respected. It is committed to ensuring that workers benefit from a
healthy and fair working environment. The diversity of the Group’s
economic model means that its employees are subject to various
levels of risk depending on the local geographical context and the
business line in which they operate. The Group conducted a global
assessment of impacts to identify the material negative impacts that
could affect its workers, as well as the material financial risks and
opportunities for the Group.

■ discrimination, inequality and exclusion: in some cases, the

This assessment has taken into account feedback from internal and
external stakeholders, including in particular employees, NGOs,
customers and investors. The risk assessment is based on the
internal analysis of worker‑related risks as reported by the Group’s
various business lines and geographies, combining risk events and
risk drivers. The material negative impacts and risks identified are
not directly linked to the Group’s strategy. The Group nevertheless
remains vigilant to the interests and views of stakeholders who
could be affected.

The assessment thus highlighted negative impacts related to
isolated cases of:
Group’s employees may occasionally be faced with situations of
discrimination at different stages in their professional careers
such as recruitment, performance reviews, promotions,
compensation reviews;
■ violence and harassment at work: relationships

between
colleagues can, occasionally and in some cases, degenerate into
situations of verbal or physical violence, or harassment. The
Group’s employees may also be exposed to these risks in the
short term in their interactions with the Bank’s customers and
other external stakeholders, in the form of incivility towards
them.

7

The assessment also highlighted potential negative impacts:
■ regarding social protection of employees: as public social

protection programmes do not systematically exist in all the
countries where the Group operates, the absence of
programmes could potentially have a negative impact on the
Group’s employees.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

737

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Material risks identified by the Group

Material opportunities identified by the Group

The Group has identified two risks likely to have a negative financial
impact:

The Group has identified several material opportunities driven by its
People Strategy, and corresponding to the social responsibility
indicators of the Group CSR dashboard (1):

■ psychosocial risks: recent changes in working methods as well

as rapidly changing environments are likely to increase the
pressure at work on employees, which can be exacerbated by
inappropriate managerial behaviour. These factors can have
short‑term consequences on the occupational health of
employees, increase psychosocial risks and potential burnout.
These changes in ways of working, including the increase of
remote working practice, can also increase the risk of a
sedentary lifestyle and associated diseases;

■ opportunities in terms of gender diversity: the promotion of

gender diversity, in particular within management bodies and
senior management populations, encourages a balanced and
inclusive work environment that contributes to the creativity
and commitment of employees and consequently to the
attractiveness and the overall performance of the Group;
■ opportunities in terms of work‑life balance: the introduction of

solidarity hours allowing a work‑life balance and devoting time
to civil society, promotes a solidarity work environment and
contributes to the commitment, attractiveness and to the
well‑being at work of employees.

■ HR legal risks: risks related to respect for persons, including

discrimination and harassment, as well as risks related to poor
contract execution may lead to disputes with the Group’s
employees. Legal actions taken by employees for these reasons
may result in significant legal costs for the Group that may
have financial impacts for the Group.

The promotion of gender diversity and the establishment of
solidarity hours promote employee retention and efficiency, thus
reducing external recruitment costs.
■ opportunities in terms of skills development: training and skills

development programmes promote employee satisfaction and
retention, thus reducing external recruitment costs for the
Group. These programmes also make it possible to strengthen
the skills of employees according to the needs of tomorrow.
This reinforcement has the additional consequence of
increasing the employability and internal mobility prospects of
employees. All these elements contribute overall to increasing
the Group’s organisational performance.

(1) Share of women in the SMP (Senior Management Position) population, Number of solidarity hours performed by employees over 2 rolling years and share of employees who
completed at least four training courses during the year.

738

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

➤ TABLE NO. 18: SUMMARY OF THE LINKS BETWEEN MATERIAL IRO AND POLICIES, ACTIONS, METRICS AND TARGETS
Category

Title of the material IRO

Impacts

Discrimination, inequality ■ Code of conduct
and exclusion

Policies

Actions

Metrics

Inclusion initiatives

■ Characteristics of

Targets (or monitoring indicators)

■ Respect for Persons

Share of women in the
Senior Management
employees
Position (SMP) population:
■ Collective bargaining 40%

■ Diversity Governance

■ Diversity metrics

■ Global Agreement

and social dialogue

policy

■ Adequate wages

■ Compensation policy

■ Persons with

disabilities

■ Training and skills

development metrics

■ Work‑life balance

metrics

■ Remuneration metrics
■ Incidents, complaints

and severe human
rights impacts

Violence and Harassment ■ Code of conduct
at work

■ Global Agreement
■ Respect for Persons

policy

■ Penalties for

misconduct

■ Compensation policy
■ External recruitment

■ Confidential Reporting ■ Characteristics of

System for Incidents
of Discrimination and
Harassment

■ Remedial actions

employees

■ Characteristics of

non‑employee
workers

(disciplinary and
support measures,
post‑investigation
follow‑ups)

■ Health and safety

■ Global Agreement

■ Characteristics of

policy

■ Diversity Governance

Monitoring indicator on
the number of alerts
related to Respect for
Persons and number of
sanctions

metrics

■ Incidents, complaints

and severe human
rights impacts

procedure

Social protection for
employees

■ Global Agreement
■ Code of conduct
■ People & Property

Security Policy

100% of employees
covered by listening and
■ Social policies and the
psychological support
We Care programme ■ Collective bargaining systems
■ Whistleblowing

system

■ Social protection

employees

and social dialogue

■ Social protection
■ Health and safety

metrics

■ Work‑life balance

7

metrics

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

739

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Category

Title of the material IRO

Policies

Actions

Metrics

Targets (or monitoring indicators)

Risks

Psychosocial risks

■ Global Agreement

■ We Care programme

■ Characteristics of

■ European Agreement

■ Respect for Persons

100% of employees
covered by listening and
psychological support
systems

on the Prevention of
Stress at Work

■ Measurement of

work‑related stress

employees

■ Health and safety

metrics

■ Training and

awareness
programmes on
mental health and
psychosocial risks

■ Employee Assistance

Programme

■ Psychological support

HR Legal Risks

■ Code of conduct

■ Preventive actions

regarding respect for
persons

■ Global Agreement
■ External recruitment

policy

■ Managerial training

■ Compensation policy

■ Characteristics of

Monitoring indicator on
the number of Respect for
Persons alerts and the
■ Incidents, complaints number of sanctions

employees

and serious human
rights impacts

■ Diversity Governance
■ Professional path

policy

Opportunities

Gender diversity

■ Diversity Governance
■ Global Agreement

■ Women in IT

programme

■ Awareness Raising

(OneInThreeWomen)

■ Characteristics of

Share of women in the
SMP population: 40% in
2025
■ Diversity metrics
Share of women in IT line:
■ Training and skills
31% in 2026 and 35% in
development metrics 2030

employees

■ Work‑life balance

metrics

■ Remuneration metrics

Work‑life balance

Global Agreement

#1MillionHours2Help
programme

Skills development

Professional path policy

■ Skills management
■ Skills management

tool

■ Career Days

continuous
development

■ About Me platform
■ Internal mobilities

Number of solidarity
hours: 1 million hours over
2 rolling years
■ Targets related to

managing material
impacts, risks and
opportunities

Share of employees who
have completed at least 4
training courses: 90%

■ Characteristics of

employees

■ Training and skills

development metrics

■ Training initiatives

With more than 4,500 employees worldwide, the Human Resources
(HR) line relies on an organisation with an HR function at Group
level and local HR at the level of the various business lines and

740

territories. In particular, the Group HR function defines policies, and
the employees of the HR line are responsible for leading and
implementing these HR policies at the local level.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

2.

7

IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES MANAGEMENT

2.A POLICIES RELATED TO OWN WORKFORCE
Through the Group’s policies, BNP Paribas places particular
emphasis on human rights, occupational health and safety, and
diversity, equality and inclusion. Respect for the human rights of
employees is a central pillar of the CSR strategy, supported by
various international commitments and standards. By promoting an
inclusive and safe work environment, the Group aims to improve the
well‑being of its employees and prevent discrimination and health
and safety risks.

The table below provides a summary of the key policies related to
own workforce. The Group’s policies cover all of the Group’s
employees, bearing in mind that, given the activities, no so‑called
“vulnerable” populations within the meaning of the regulations have
been identified that could benefit from specific policies.

➤ TABLE NO. 19: SUMMARY OF THE GROUP’S POLICIES RELATING TO ITS OWN WORKFORCE

Policies

Description of the content of the policy

Code of conduct

The Code of conduct sets out the rules of
conduct that apply to all activities and
employees of the Group.

Description of the most senior
level of the organisation
Description of the scope of the accountable for implementing
the policy
Interaction with stakeholders
policy or its exclusions
BNP Paribas Group

BNP Paribas Group
The Code of conduct is
General Management available on the
Group’s intranet and
on the BNP Paribas
website(1).
It is available in 20
languages.

People and Property
Security Policy

Establishes the general framework for the
safety, security, business continuity and crisis
management activities for BNP Paribas.

BNP Paribas Group
General Management, The policy is only
(including for
People and Property
shared internally.
BNP Paribas partners Security Department
and service providers).

Deployment of Global
Agreement on
fundamental rights
and global social
framework.

Contains the commitments made by the Group BNP Paribas Group
to its employees and its deployment
(applied locally as
throughout the Group on the following 7
such)
themes:
1. Human rights, social dialogue and trade
union rights

2. Social and environmental responsibility

Heads of HR for the
Group’s entities

The policy is shared
internally and
accessible on the
Group’s website.
The Group agreement
is published on the
BNP Paribas website(2).

3. Employment and skills management
4. Gender equality in the workplace
5. Respect for Persons, Non‑discrimination

7

6. Equal Opportunities, Diversity and
Inclusion
7. Global Social Floor
Group Policy on
Respect for Persons

Describes the BNP Paribas Group’s system for BNP Paribas Group
preventing and detecting actions that do not
comply with the Code of conduct concerning
“Respect for Persons”, as well as for collecting
and processing alerts on this subject.
Describes in particular the single alert system,
as well as the role of the employee
representative bodies in the HR pillar of the
Vigilance Plan.

Group Head of HR and The policy is only
Heads of HR for the
shared internally.
Group’s entities

Penalties for
misconduct

Defines the general principles applicable to the BNP Paribas Group
Group Head of HR and The policy is only
management of the disciplinary sanction
(applied locally by the Heads of HR for the
shared internally.
process imposed on an employee. The policy entities according to
Group’s entities
covers breaches such as fraud but also other the legislative context
punishable breaches such as inappropriate
in terms of labour law
behaviour such as denigration, harassment or applicable in each
discrimination.
country)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

741

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Policies

Description of the content of the policy

Description of the most senior
level of the organisation
Description of the scope of the accountable for implementing
the policy
Interaction with stakeholders
policy or its exclusions

Diversity and Inclusion Contains a presentation of BNP Paribas’
BNP Paribas Group
Governance Procedure Diversity & Inclusion Governance’s
at BNP Paribas
organisation, around 5 pillars. Constitutes the
vector by which Diversity and Inclusion is
structured within the Group and identifies the
formalisation of recruitment and career
management decisions as the main tool for
preventing the risk of discrimination.

Group Head of HR and The policy is only
Heads of HR for the
shared internally.
Group’s entities
Diversity & Inclusion
Policy for the Group
detailed on a dedicated
page on the Group’s
Corporate website(3)
and internally

External recruitment
policy of Group
employees

The objective is to present the organisation
BNP Paribas Group
and guiding principles for the external
recruitment of BNP Paribas Group employees.

Group Head of HR and The policy is only
Heads of HR for the
shared internally.
Group’s entities

Professional path
Aims to establish the framework for managing BNP Paribas Group
policy for BNP Paribas the career paths of employees within the
Group employees
Group, defining the standards for the
associated processes, activities and key
moments. It guarantees:
■ the adequacy of employees’ professional
projects with the needs of the Company;

Group Head of HR and The policy is only
Heads of HR for the
shared internally.
Group’s entities

■ the identification and assessment of skills

and talents;

■ identification of development needs;
■ the evaluation and recognition of individual

and collective performance;

■ commitment and motivation thanks to

various development opportunities within
the Group.

Compensation policy

Defines the general principles of compensation BNP Paribas Group
of the BNP Paribas Group and the
compensation policy applicable to employees
subject to specific regulatory provisions: in
particular employees identified within the
Group as significant risk takers.

General Management, The policy is shared
Group Head of HR and internally and
Heads of HR for the
communicated
Group’s entities after externally in a report
validation of the policy published annually on
by the BNP Paribas
the Group’s Corporate
Board of directors’
website(4).
Remuneration
Committee

Sustainable Sourcing
Charter

Sets out the reciprocal commitments between BNP Paribas Group
BNP Paribas and its suppliers, in particular
respect for human rights and labour rights.

Commitments
The charter is
monitored as part of available on the
the governance of
BNP Paribas website(5).
BNP Paribas
Engagement Direction

https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/220204_bnpp_compliance_codeofconduct_2022_eng.pdf.
https://uniglobalunion.org/wp‑content/uploads/2024‑11‑04_Agreement‑on‑Global‑social‑floor_EN‑small.pdf.
https://group.bnpparibas/en/our‑commitments/inclusion/diversity‑equality‑and‑inclusion.
https://invest.bnpparibas/document/
compensation‑for‑financial‑year‑2023‑of‑employees‑whose‑professional‑activities‑have‑a‑material‑impact‑on‑the‑groups‑risk‑profile.
(5) https://group.bnpparibas/uploads/file/sustainable_sourcing_charter_eng.pdf.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)

742

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

System supporting human rights
The Group:
■ commits to promoting respect for human rights in its sphere of

influence and to treating all its workers with dignity: forced
labour is prohibited within the Group;
■ notably respects the ten principles of the United Nations Global

Compact, the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and
Human Rights, human rights standards (internationally
accepted as defined in the International Bill of Human Rights),
and core labour standards (as defined by the International
Labour Organization) (1);
■ complies with the most rigorous standards of conduct and

ethics, in terms of the fight against corruption, respect for
human rights and environmental protection, regardless of its
activities, relying on its Code of conduct (2), the “BNP Paribas
and Human Rights” pillar document and the Global Agreement
signed with UNI Global Union (3).
As the Group’s employees are, for most of them, highly qualified
professionals and work in the tertiary sector, the risks of modern
slavery and human trafficking have been considered very low.
However, BNP Paribas is committed in its Code of conduct to
ensuring a motivating working environment in which all employees
are treated fairly and respectfully and particularly emphasises on:

7

Finally, the Group provides its employees with a remediation system
including reporting channels and a whistleblowing mechanism
accessible to the Group’s employees as well as to all workers in the
value chain (4).

Occupational health and safety
In accordance with the Group’s Code of conduct, safety in the
workplace (including during business travel) implies the
commitment of everyone to contribute to the safety and security of
the workplace as part of daily activities and to comply with the
Group’s internal policy; for managers, to seek to improve the working
conditions of the teams and to report any activity that may involve a
threat to the physical safety of an employee or an external person
on the premises of the Group.
All Group employees as well as people present on a Group site
(interns, work‑study students, temporary workers, subcontractors,
customers, visitors, etc.) benefit from a reference corpus in terms of
personal and property safety, which was the subject of an external
audit in 2021.
It establishes the fundamental principles of:
■ security (with regard to risks related to deliberate or malicious

acts likely to harm the persons or assets and activities of the
Group);
■ safety (with regard to natural and climatic events, or related to

■ respect for all employees;
■ the need to apply the highest standards in terms of professional

ethics;

the technological environments of its sites likely to harm the
people or assets and activities of the Group);
■ business continuity and crisis management.

■ the rejection of all forms of discrimination.

The policies put in place by the Group in this area include an annual
review of countries at risk in terms of respect for human rights, as
well as monitoring of employees under the age of 18 (1 single
employee aged 17 in 2024 in the United Kingdom).
Moreover, regarding temporary workers integrated into the Group’s
own workforce, BNP Paribas ensures, in particular through the
Sustainable Sourcing Charter, that the Group’s suppliers, employers
of these temporary workers, comply with the principles of the
Universal Declaration of Human Rights (adopted by the UN in 1948)
and the Fundamental Conventions of the International Labour
Organization (ILO). To ensure the implementation of the charter,
suppliers undertake to provide the necessary supporting documents
and to welcome the auditors, internal or external, mandated by
BNP Paribas to verify compliance with the Charter.

This framework, approved by the Group’s General Management, is
deployed country by country by local management. The functions in
charge of safety and security form the basis of measures designed to
preserve, through a constant risk analysis approach, the integrity of
its activities, resources and interests against security and safety
events affecting the Group. The health and safety conditions of each
site comply with the regulations applicable in the different countries.
Given the nature of the Group’s activities and the measures
implemented, the real risks related to the health and safety of the
Group’s employees are relatively low, with a very limited number of
work‑related accidents (5). The main risks to employees’ health that
may be linked to possible accidents relate to psychosocial and
sedentary risks. The Group has therefore selected mental health and
health issues related to sedentary lifestyles as health priorities, as
part of the new Global Agreement and the We Care Group health
programme.

7

(1) The ILO Fundamental Conventions are as follows: C029 – Forced Labour Convention, 1930 (No. 29); C087 – Freedom of Association and Protection of the Right to Organise
Convention, 1948 (No. 87); C098 – Right to Organise and Collective Bargaining Convention, 1949 (No. 98); C100 – Equal Remuneration Convention, 1951 (No. 100); C105 –
Abolition of Forced Labour Convention, 1957 (No. 105); C111 – Discrimination (Employment and Occupation) Convention, 1958 (No. 111); C138 – Minimum Age Convention,
1973 (No. 138); C155 – Occupational Safety and Health Convention, 1981 (No. 155); C182 – Worst Forms of Child Labour Convention, 1999 (No. 182); C187 – Promotional
Framework for Occupational Safety and Health Convention, 2006 (No. 187).
(2) Including the interest of clients, financial security, market integrity, conflicts of interest, professional ethics, respect for persons, protection of the Group, commitment to
society, and the fight against corruption and influence peddling.
(3) Signed in 2018 and a new agreement signed in 2024.
(4) For more information on this system, see section 2.c Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workers to raise concerns in this chapter.
(5) For more information, see section 3.j Health and safety metrics in this chapter.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

743

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Diversity, equality and inclusion
At the heart of the “Ethics and Inclusion” pillar of the People
Strategy, the Group has made commitments to promote ethics and
inclusion, and to encourage respectful, non‑discriminatory and
exemplary behaviour.
These commitments are notably reflected in the Group’s Code of
conduct, the Global Agreement, and the Sanctions Policy for
Misconduct. These anti‑discrimination and diversity policies
implemented by BNP Paribas focus on:
■ professional gender equality;
■ emotional orientation and gender identity;
■ diversity of origins and multiculturalism;
■ age diversity; and
■ disability.

These are major challenges for the Group. Diversity in all
dimensions, and in particular gender, while respecting the
differences of everyone, contributes to the enrichment, creativity and
commitment of all and therefore to the overall performance of the
Group. By reflecting the diversity of society, the Group better
understands the needs of its customers. Maintaining and promoting
a respectful and inclusive work environment is essential to
attracting, developing, and retaining all talents. The Group’s
collective performance and long‑term economic development are
based on the commitment of its employees.

Mitigation of discrimination risks and promotion of an
inclusive culture
Specifically, the Group has made the following commitments to
prevent, mitigate and remedy the risks of discrimination (including
harassment) and promote an inclusive culture:
■ since the signing of the first Diversity Agreement within

BNP Paribas SA in 2004, the mechanisms have been enriched
with each renegotiation to cover all stages of employees’ career
paths. The 5th Agreement on Diversity and Inclusion at
BNP Paribas SA in France, which came into force on 1 October
2020, is applicable until March 2025 and is currently being
renegotiated with the representative trade unions. The Group’s
companies in France are part of the same voluntary approach
to define, within the framework of social dialogue, actions in
favour of diversity. Agreements to this effect have been signed:
professional equality between women and men, integration and
retention in employment of disabled employees, employment of
seniors, and in the context of negotiations on trade union rights,
the situation of employees holding employee representative
mandates;
■ the 2014 European Agreement on Gender Equality in the

Workplace includes all the key elements of the Group’s policy in
this area. These agreements are complemented at Group level
by the signing of numerous commitments such as the United
Nations Women’s Empowerment Principles (WEP) (2011), the
International Labour Organization’s Global Business and
Disability Network Charter (2016), the United Nations LGBT
Standards (2017) and the OneInThreeWomen Charter (2018);

■ the Global Agreement signed in 2024 with innovative elements

in terms of parenthood and the fight against domestic and
intra‑family violence.
More broadly, all of the Group’s entities (1) offer training and
awareness‑raising actions in the fight against discrimination and the
promotion of diversity and inclusion. The General Management
regularly monitors and actively supports the deployment of diversity,
equality and inclusion actions. The personal commitment of the
Group’s Chief Executive Officer is notably illustrated by its
participation
to
several
initiatives
(Club 21e Siècle,
OneInThreeWomen charter, #JamaisSansElles charter, OUTstanding
role model).

Commitment to fair and inclusive treatment in HR
processes
These commitments are embodied on a daily basis, particularly
during the main stages marking the career path of employees, such
as recruitment, training, mobility, compensation review and career
development.
The Group’s employees are therefore required:
■ to ensure fair treatment of candidates during the recruitment

process;
■ to systematically base their judgement on objectively assessed

skills;
■ to guarantee equal opportunities; and
■ to define the conditions of remuneration in a fair and equitable

manner. The titles and terms used are chosen to allow everyone
to apply, regardless of gender. The selection process is based on
criteria of skills, qualification and experience.
Regarding fair treatment during performance reviews, the Group’s
Professional Path Policy establishes the framework to ensure that all
employees have the same opportunities for professional
development, based solely on skills, experience, performance and
professional qualifications.
In addition, in accordance with the Group’s Compensation policy, the
compensation review process is guided by the general principle of
equal treatment, and the need not to introduce any discriminatory
criteria, notably gender, according to the applicable regulation.

Implementation of policies in the event of incidents of
discrimination
To implement these policies, the Group has established specific
procedures to prevent, mitigate and correct discrimination, while
promoting diversity and inclusion.
The Group has set up a confidential reporting system for incidents of
discrimination and harassment (2). Each report is rigorously
investigated with appropriate corrective measures, including
incidents and complaints related to respect for persons. In the event
of proven harassment, appropriate measures are immediately put in
place to put an end to the situation. Medical, psychological, social,
managerial and HR support is offered to victims, as well as referrals
from third parties to support them legally if necessary.

(1) Of the Social Reporting.
(2) For more information on reporting channels and support measures, see section 2.c Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workers to raise concerns in
this chapter.

744

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

2.B PROCESSES FOR ENGAGING WITH OWN
WORKERS AND WORKERS’
REPRESENTATIVES ABOUT IMPACTS
As part of its due diligence process, BNP Paribas engages directly
with its employees and their representatives on the material impacts
that affect them or could affect them. This dialogue with workers is
based on a number of tools, the description and quality assessment
of which can be found in chapter 7.1.1 General Disclosures, 2.b
Interests and views of stakeholders.
This dialogue is overseen by the Group’s governance bodies as
detailed in chapter 7.1.1 General Disclosures, section 1.a Role of the
administrative, management and supervisory bodies in
sustainability.

Thus, employees are required to report any actual or suspected
breach of the Code of conduct, the Group’s policies and procedures
or regulations. They can send their report via a single secure
platform on all subjects, including those relating to respect for
persons. Any suspicion by an employee of the Group of serious or
potentially serious violations of human rights and fundamental
freedoms, the health and safety of persons, and the environment
may be reported through this whistleblowing system, except in the
case of regulations that would prohibit it at the local level. The
whistleblowing system is also accessible to external third parties on
the BNP Paribas Group’s institutional website.

System for processing reports related to respect
for persons

As an extension of the commitments made in 2018 by the Group
with UNI Global Union in the Global Agreement (1), the Group has
renegotiated a new agreement which was signed in November 2024
for a period of 4 years. This agreement is concluded with the
contribution of the European Federation of Executives of Credit and
Financial Institutions (Fecec); members of the European Group
Works Council Bureau; representative trade unions at the
BNP Paribas Group level in France. This agreement covers seven
themes relating to fundamental rights at work and the
establishment of a global social pillar, applicable to all Group
employees. In its chapter 1, it deals in particular with Social Dialogue
within the Group and, in chapter 2, with the whistleblowing process.

The Group proposes a system for processing reports made by
whistleblowers regarding professional behaviour contrary to the
provisions relating to respect for persons, including cases of
discrimination and moral or sexual harassment. Reports are treated
confidentially and follow a structured investigation process by
independent experts (3).

2.C PROCESSES TO REMEDIATE NEGATIVE
IMPACTS AND CHANNELS FOR OWN
WORKERS TO RAISE CONCERNS

Controls

General approach and remediation procedures
The Group has set up a whistleblowing system governed by the
Group Whistleblowing System procedure, in accordance with the
provisions of the Sapin II and Waserman laws (2). This system allows
employees to report in good faith crimes, offences, threats, serious
harm to the public interest, serious violations of international
standards, and violations of the Group’s Code of conduct. When a
material negative impact on employees is identified, BNP Paribas
undertakes to provide or contribute to the appropriate remediation
and evaluates the effectiveness of the measures taken in this regard.

Specific channels set up to exercise the right to
alert
The Group is very attentive to the concerns of customers, employees,
shareholders, suppliers and society as a whole. The Group is
committed to listening, understanding and seeking to address the
concerns raised by its stakeholders in a fair and effective manner.

7

Finally, the Group undertakes to take, as soon as facts are proven
and after objective investigations, disciplinary and/or corrective
measures, individual or collective, adapted in their content and form
to local regulations. Support and follow‑up are provided for victims
and can also be offered to perpetrators of inappropriate behaviour.

Evaluation of efficiency and employee trust
The whistleblowing system is subject to control plans. First‑level
checks are carried out by Compliance to verify access to
whistleblowing channels and compliance with confidentiality and
with the alert handling procedure. Second‑level checks are carried
out by an independent team to assess the effectiveness of the
implementation of the whistleblowing system. In addition, the
control system of the HR function makes it possible to follow up on
historical incidents that have occurred and may have an impact on
employees. Depending on the incidents reported, action plans are
implemented, which may include strengthening controls when
necessary.

Report to the General Management and the Board of
directors

7

A detailed report on alerts is produced semi‑annually by the Group
Referent. This report covers all alerts received, with quantitative and
qualitative analysis of the data. It is presented annually to the
Compliance Committees, the Group’s Executive Committee and the
Board of directors and the number of alerts and sanctions is
published in this report.

(1) For more information on the content of this agreement and its implementation within the Group, see in particular sections 2.a Policies related to own workforce and 2.d Taking
action on material impacts on own workforce, and approaches to mitigating material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to own workforce, and effectiveness of
those actions in this chapter.
(2) For more information on this topic, see chapter 7.1.6 Business conduct, section 1.a Corporate culture and business conduct policies.
(3) For more information on this topic, see chapter 7.1.6 Business conduct, section 1.a Corporate culture and business conduct policies.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

745

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Employee survey

Promoting an inclusive culture

Finally, the Group regularly conducts employee surveys to assess
employees’ level of knowledge and trust in the mechanisms for
reporting their concerns and, if necessary, remedying them. For
example, the results of the 2023 Conduct & Inclusion (1) survey
showed a high level of employee adherence to the values and
behaviours set out in the Code of conduct on the Conduct side. In
addition, 93% of respondents say they have “a good knowledge” of
the channels that allow them to report alerts.

The Inclusion Days

2.D TAKING ACTION ON MATERIAL IMPACTS
ON OWN WORKFORCE, AND APPROACHES
TO MITIGATING MATERIAL RISKS AND
PURSUING MATERIAL OPPORTUNITIES
RELATED TO OWN WORKFORCE, AND
EFFECTIVENESS OF THOSE ACTIONS
To respond to material impacts, the Group is implementing various
actions:
■ promoting an inclusive culture;
■ preventing discrimination, harassment and violence at work;
■ a strong social protection framework.

To respond to material risks, the Group is implementing actions
including in particular:
■ the global health and well‑being at work programme, We Care;
■ a favourable work environment to prevent psychosocial risks.

In addition, in order to support material opportunities, the Group is
implementing numerous actions in regard to:
■ professional equality;
■ promotion of work‑life balance by encouraging its employees to

devote time to civil society;
■ training and skills development, notably in order to ensure its

employees’ employability.
The actions implemented are most often part of a short‑term
approach, as they are an integral part of the processes and cycles
deployed annually by the HR function (listening to employees,
training actions, performance review, compensation review process,
internal mobility, preventive health and well‑being actions at work,
etc.).

Awareness campaigns around inclusive culture have intensified in
2024, with a wide range of formats, face‑to‑face or online: interactive
conferences, round tables, podcasts, screenings and replays.
Throughout the month of October 2024, the HR Diversity,
Volunteering, BNP Paribas Foundation, Engagement teams and
employee resource groups highlighted professional equality,
prejudices and stereotypes, role models, intergenerational,
volunteering, disability, financial and digital inclusion, mentoring,
health and well‑being at work. This 2024 edition reached more than
22,000 participations in some forty countries, including France,
confirming its great success with nearly 200 events and solidarity
actions organised.

The 2023 Conduct & Inclusion survey: broad employee
support for the Group’s Diversity & Inclusion policy
Listening to employees with the second edition of the Conduct &
Inclusion survey showed in 2023 a broad support of the Group’s
Diversity & Inclusion policy.
With stable results and an overall positive opinion rate of 83% on the
Inclusion component of the survey, 87% of respondents said they
“can be themselves at work without worrying about how they are
accepted”. Two topics are more behind: equal opportunities in
professional development and a more critical perception of the 50+
on the fair treatment of employees regardless of age in France and
Italy. Action plans have been implemented in 2024 in these two
countries with projects on intergenerational topics.

Preventing discrimination, harassment and
violence in the workplace
As part of the “Respect for Persons” policy aimed at preventing
discrimination, harassment and violence in the workplace, the Group
has implemented several actions including measures to inform and
raise awareness among employees and managers as well as to
professionalise the Human Resources line.
Prevention actions include:
■ a reminder of the principles of the Code of conduct concerning

respect for persons, with
awareness‑raising module;

a

mandatory

biannual

■ a module entitled “Diversity, Equality & Inclusion” dedicated to

non‑discrimination (including different harassment situations)
included in the mandatory Conduct Journey training addressing
unconscious biases and stereotypes. The Group also provides
awareness programs on stereotypes and unconscious bias for
almost all Group employees (2);
■ the assignment of an annual objective relating to compliance

with the Code of conduct to all Group employees, which allows
managers to assess their teams during their performance
review and to report any breach with regard to the “Respect for
Persons” policy;

(1) Group survey conducted every 2 years among all Group employees: employees on permanent contracts for more than 3 months, 175,000 employees surveyed in 2023 and
more than 90,000 respondents.
(2) Of the Social Reporting.

746

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

■ raising awareness of the importance of reporting any abnormal

situation and presenting the protections of whistleblowers as
well as a reminder of the whistleblowing channels and the
methods for handling alerts, including post‑investigation and
disciplinary measures;
■ training managers on their roles and duties according to the

Code of conduct, as well as on upward and downward
communication, especially in a hybrid work context, and the
Group Management Principles (1) reaffirming the central role of
the manager as a relay of its strategy. These actions are
adapted to local regulations to ensure optimal protection for
the Group’s employees.
Remediation actions involve several steps:
■ collection

of alerts relating to respect for persons:
whistleblowing is carried out via a unique and secure platform
accessible to the Group’s employees as well as to the entire
value chain, including non‑employee workers. Before accessing
it, employees can contact a trusted person to discuss their
difficulties. This person of trust can be their manager or another
manager, their HRBP or any person from the HR line, a
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion referent, a social or medical
actor, a staff representative, when these people exist locally or
via the Compliance Function’s alert channel. The Group
guarantees the strict confidentiality of the identity of the author
of the report, the persons involved in the report and the
information collected;

■ initial alert analysis: an immediate analysis of the alert is

conducted to assess the situation and determine the
appropriate course of action. If necessary, temporary emergency
measures are taken, such as changing the working
environment, changing the hierarchical link, offering social and/
or medical support;
■ interviews and investigations: interviews with the alleged victim

and other persons involved are conducted to establish the facts
alleged in the alert;
■ investigation report: if an investigation has been carried out, a

detailed report is drawn up and validated, presenting the
findings on the situation;
■ restitution of the findings: during an interview with the alleged

victim and a separate interview with the person concerned, the
statement of the facts noted, whether substantiated or not, is
presented to them.
Remediation actions include:
■ disciplinary and accompanying measures: as soon as the

analysis of the alert and the investigations carried out have
established inappropriate behaviour or situations requiring
action, appropriate measures are taken, mainly individual
against the perpetrators of inappropriate behaviour, including
disciplinary measures;

7

■ support

measures can also be put in place for the
whistleblower, the alleged victim, the person targeted and the
work group: a proposal for a change of position or manager, HR
support for the collective, managerial support, medical and/or
psychosocial support, mediation, new awareness of the Code of
conduct and the provisions on respect for persons;

■ follow‑up over time and protection against retaliation: The

people who have been involved in the processing of the alert
are subject to appropriate follow‑up by the HRBP (2) and
managers. Whistleblowers in good faith are protected from
retaliation.

Strong and advantageous social protection
framework
The Group is implementing various initiatives and actions, notably
through the Global Agreement, to continuously improve the
well‑being and social protection of its employees:
■ fixation of a global social floor offering additional social benefits

adapted to local regulations and practices through its 2018
Global Agreement, in addition to the legal and contractual
provisions: employees benefit from social protection in terms of
healthcare, incapacity, disability and death insurance;
■ global floor in regard to social protection for maternity leave

and flexibility days. The new 2024 Agreement strengthens this
protection by guaranteeing a minimum of 6 days of paid
paternity leave and settling‑in leave. Depending on the case,
these coverages come from either a state or an insurance
scheme, or a combination of the two, depending on the
regulatory context of each business line and country;
■ creation of a joint committee in accordance with the Agreement

responsible for monitoring the implementation of this
agreement and the commitments made, identifying good
practices and, where appropriate, actions to promote them. It
also meets in order to contribute to the continuous
improvement of the HR component of the Group’s vigilance
plan.
An overall review of the implementation of the 2018 Global
Agreement is carried out annually and it highlighted the
strengthening of the global social floor since its signing: 100% of
employees can benefit from paid maternity leave of a minimum of
14 weeks and almost all employees can benefit from incapacity,
disability, death and healthcare coverage. In addition, in accordance
with the recommendations of the 2018 Global Agreement, 85% (3) of
employees can now benefit from a minimum of 6 days of paid
paternity leave.

7

(1) Five Management Principles: the manager federates and gives meaning, is customer‑oriented, promotes inclusion and respect for the Code of conduct, supports and empowers
in awareness of the risks and promotes transversality and agility.
(2) HRBP: Human Resources Business Partner, HR Manager, Individual HR Manager or local equivalents.
(3) Based on data collected from local HR experts in charge of social protection issues, covering 95% of the Group’s total headcounts.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

747

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The We Care programme

allow them to assess their overall state of health, and to
receive appropriate advice. In certain high‑risk situations,
employees will be offered a digital appointment with a health
professional. This assessment will be offered in France at the
beginning of 2025, and gradually rolled out in countries that
wish to do so;

Since 2022, the Group has launched a global programme in terms of
health and well‑being at work, called We Care, under the aegis of
the Group Head of Human Resources.
This programme offers, in addition to the elements of the global
social floor of the Global Agreement resulting in insurance schemes:
death, incapacity, disability, healthcare, and minimum maternity and
paternity leaves, a harmonisation of health through:

■ support for long‑term illness through a We Care kit in order to

open discussion and to propose a change of posture towards
openness, respect and benevolence. This kit is made up of
several documents for several types of actors: the employee
affected by the disease, their manager, their colleagues, their
HR, the caregivers. It covers the phases of the announcement of
the disease, the treatment phase, the preparation for the return
to work and the return to work in the long term. This kit has
already been the subject of a variation in France through sheets
available under the intranet, and a film. Portugal, Italy and
Spain are in the finalisation phase to offer it to their employees
by the beginning of 2025.

■ a listening and psychological support system;
■ a preventive health check‑up offering allowing employees to

take control of their own health and the Group to build
appropriate health prevention plans;
■ support for employees with long‑term illnesses.

This programme focused in 2024 on three parts:
■ mental health issues through a listening and psychological

support system with the implementation of several initiatives to
prevent and mitigate potential negative impacts on its
employees:
■

■

■

93% (1) of

Employee Assistance Programmes:
the Group’s
employees are covered by these systems, in order to better
manage their mental health on a daily basis as well as in the
case of traumatic events (terrorist attack, climatic event,
etc.). This rate has increased since 2023 (84%), in line with
the target of 100% coverage of the Group’s employees as
included in the new 2024 Global Agreement,
programmes supporting employees in all crisis situations:
psychological support is provided by a company specialising
in psychosocial risks to employees wherever they need it (2),
notably in France with a psychological support phone line
dedicated to serious events within a team,
training actions on the prevention of stress at work: the
European Agreement on the Prevention of Stress at Work
signed in January 2017 defines principles and a common
base, but also specifies the means to be implemented
(information, awareness‑raising, evaluation, training, support,
communication). Worldwide, training actions related to the
prevention of stress at work are offered to almost all
employees (3). A large number of entities covering more than
three‑quarters of employees (4) systematically incorporate
stress prevention training into managerial training;

■ the offer of preventive health check‑ups on a voluntary basis.

This assessment will allow employees, via a digital
questionnaire, to answer questions relating to their mental and
physical health. They will receive a written summary that will

A work environment favourable to the detection of
psychosocial risks
Managers play a crucial role in the prevention of psychosocial risks
by detecting their manifestations and organising appropriate actions.
They are on the front line to observe certain unusual signs and
changes in attitude in employees, such as changes in individual
behaviour, intense emotional reactions, isolation within the work
group, a lack of concentration, or overinvestment in work. Managers
should also pay attention to comments in professional reviews that
indicate dysfunctions or relationship difficulties.
Manifestations can also concern the work group and be detected
indirectly, via information from a social or medical actor, a colleague
or a member of the team, or following interventions by the labour
inspectorate or regulatory authorities. Collective signs include an
atypical frequency of individual reports of psychosocial risks and/or
alerts, a high frequency of visits to prevention and occupational
health services, a high or increasing rate of absenteeism, an
increased turnover, or an increase in complaints and litigation at the
initiative of the employees.
Remedial actions focus on the analysis of the manifestations of
psychosocial risks and on the implementation of appropriate actions
to solve the problems identified. This includes the follow‑up of
reports from employees and the organisation of corrective actions by
managers in collaboration with occupational health services. Thus, a
psychological assistance system allows in this case to benefit from
permanent listening and psychological support in the event of
professional or personal difficulties.

(1) Based on data collected from local HR experts in charge of social protection issues, covering 95% of the Group’s total headcounts.
(2) Examples: Ukraine, New Caledonia.
(3) Of the Social Reporting.
(4) Of the Social Reporting.

748

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The effectiveness of BNP Paribas’ actions and initiatives is monitored
through several key indicators such as absenteeism rates, turnover
rate, and the results of employee satisfaction surveys. Employee
feedback is considered via internal barometers (Pulse or Quality of
Life at Work surveys), direct feedback or HR alerts.
The Group measures the level of stress and well‑being of its
employees through an annual survey in France. The rates measured
in 2024 show an increase in satisfaction with the quality of life at
work, demonstrating the positive impact of the action plans put in
place (training, transparent sharing of organisational changes,
development prospects, etc.). The overall stress rate at
BNP Paribas SA has decreased and the well‑being rate has
increased.
To prevent psychosocial risks related to mental health and
sedentary lifestyle risks specific to the banking and insurance sector,
appropriate advice and measures are offered. Employees have
access to procedures and/or awareness‑raising programmes on the
assessment and prevention of psychosocial risks for all employees
and related to a sedentary lifestyle (musculoskeletal disorders) for
more than 90% of employees (1). In addition, entities covering 85% of
the Group headcount offer public health awareness campaigns,
including information and prevention actions (2). In France, themes
such as sleep, physical activity, nutrition, stress and addictions,
disabling diseases, cancers, musculoskeletal disorders, women’s and
men’s health are addressed during the awareness campaigns
deployed (3).
Finally, the Group is continuing to adapt its working methods with a
remote working system in a hybrid working mode, combining on‑site
presence and remote working, the principles of which are outlined in
the new Global Agreement and can be specified locally (for example
in France via a Group agreement), with particular attention to the
preservation of social ties and work collectives. At the end of
December 2024, around three‑quarters of employees (4) in Europe
were working remotely. The Group supports its employees, in
particular with prevention actions (in the form of guides, booklets
and training offers) towards managers and employees, intended to
help maintain social ties, to fight against sedentary lifestyles or
digital fatigue, and to promote work‑life balance.

7

Significant actions in terms of professional equality
The Group has set itself ambitious gender diversity objectives,
particularly in senior management (5), set for 1 or 2 years, and
intermediate milestones measured annually.
The year 2024 already shows significant progress. For example,
among the 90 members of the G100 (6), the Group has 37 women in
management positions in strategic business lines or functions, 8 of
whom are also members of the Group ExCo (7).
With 174 nationalities present within the Group, including 13 within
the G100, BNP Paribas has been working for several years to
promote diversity of origins and professional equity.
At the end of 2024, the Group has reached 39% women in the Senior
Management Position (8) population, 37% in the Leaders for
Change (9) population. In addition, 40% of the Group’s managers are
women and around a third of managers of managers (middle
management) are women (10).
In line with the strategic plan and in line with the Group’s desire to
develop and promote women’s career paths, the Group is committed
to gender diversity within business lines that are structurally
unbalanced in terms of gender, particularly in regard to recruitment
and retention.
Regarding market activities within Corporate and Investment
Banking, an action plan is underway: it is based on “early careers”
actions (interns, work‑study contracts, VIE (11) and Graduate
Programme) and, more broadly, on recruitment, with specific
attention paid to Talents (12), Senior Managers and their successors,
as well as individual or collective development programmes around
these issues.
Regarding the IT professions, the Group aims to be one of the
champions in recruitment and the share of women in this line. Since
2020, the Group has continued to develop its global gender diversity
programme in the IT professions, entitled Women in IT, for which a
new ambition was set in 2024: 35% of women in the IT
line (13) across the Group by 2030, with a milestone of 31% by the
end of 2026. As of 31/12/2024, 30% of the IT line are women.

7
(1) Of the Social Reporting.
(2) Of the Social Reporting.
(3) Within the scope of BNP Paribas SA.
(4) Of the Social Reporting.
(5) For more information, see section 3.a Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities in
this chapter.
(6) The G100 brings together around a hundred people, corporate officers and senior executives holding key responsibilities within the Group. The members of the G100 include,
among others, heads of divisions, main business lines, commercial banking networks, Group functions, geographies and strategic countries in which the Group operates.
(7) ExCo: Group Executive Committee.
(8) The Group’s Senior Management Position (SMP) population is made up of employees holding approximately 3,000 positions considered to have the greatest impact from a
strategic, commercial, functional and expertise perspective.
(9) The Leaders for Change (LfC) population is made up of the members of the main Group‑level cross‑functional Executive Committees considered to make a major contribution to
its functioning and developments. See the paragraph Development programmes dedicated to the Group’s Leaders and Talents in this section.
(10) 54% are women among the non‑managerial population.
(11) Volontariat International en Entreprise: International Volunteering in Business is a French type of contract, carried outside of France.
(12) Talents (Leaders for Tomorrow or LfT) are identified as part of an initiative launched at the end of 2015 to develop them and prepare them to take over the members of the
transversal Executive Committees across the Group’s businesses, functions and regions (LfC). There are nearly 7,000 of them in 3 categories (Emerging, Advanced or Top), and
are selected according to a rigorous Group process by their managers and HR on the basis of their skills, experiences, sources of motivation and personal predispositions as
well as personal attributes (“Leadership Profile”), which the Group considers necessary to become leaders.
(13) With nearly 25,000 people at Group level.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

749

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

In addition, as part of its policy on professional gender equality, the
Group has been committed to the fight against gender‑based
violence since 2018. Because it mainly affects women and inevitably
impacts professional life, gender‑based violence is both a factor of
inequality at work and an obstacle to professional gender equality.
Since 2018, BNP Paribas has been a member of OneInThreeWomen,
the first European network of companies committed to combating
violence against women and joined its Executive Committee on
1 January 2021. The OneInThreeWomen network aims to equip
employers to raise awareness and better support female employees
who have been victims.
In line with the Group’s commitment to the fight against domestic
economic abuse, it offers employees who are victims of this violence
HR support, as a social support actor and the listening system. This
theme has been the subject of a specific innovative commitment by
the Group by including the fight against domestic and intra‑family
violence in the new Global Agreement signed in 2024.
A pioneer among CAC 40 companies and the financial sector by
signing the #JamaisSansElles Charter in 2019, BNP Paribas continues
its mobilisation and has nearly 700 signatories (70% of whom are
men), from management bodies in more than twenty countries,
committed to no longer participating in round tables with at least
three speakers and which do not include the presence of at least one
woman. After 5 years of the Group’s commitment, BNP Paribas
remains the CAC 40 company with the largest number of
#JamaisSansElles signatories in France and worldwide.

Skills development and employability enhancement
The Group supports employees in a context of profound
transformation in the banking sector. This support takes the form of
anticipating skills needs, setting up training and development
programmes adapted to the businesses and jobs of tomorrow and
implementing an active internal mobility policy.

Skills management and anticipation of tomorrow’s
needs
To support the Group’s transformation and the development of
employees on the various pillars of the strategic plan:
■ new skills were created on sustainable finance with a new

Sustainability professional family in 2023. In 2024, in the field
of Tech, nearly 150 new tool skills were created in the fields of
Artificial Intelligence, data and IT;
■ a new page dedicated to skills has been made available to

employees, managers and HR to identify the skills acquired and
those to be developed and to self‑evaluate. At the end of this
self‑assessment, the employee can select the skills to be
completed in their About Me profile and enrich their Personal
Development Plan;
■ the Strategic Workforce Planning exercise, a joint approach

between HR and the business lines aiming to identify skills
needs over a three‑year period, makes it possible to offer
employees adapted paths (skills development or retraining),
notably towards jobs in short supply and the skills of tomorrow.
These exercises have also made it possible to create a new offer
called “JobBoost” for employees wishing to retrain for positions
in short supply via an immediate start date combined with
work‑study training in their new job. The first classes were
implemented in 2023 in the areas of IT and HR and, in 2024, in
project management;

Work‑life balance: actions for civil society
The Group intends to act for more sustainable and better shared
growth by enabling its employees to commit to civil society by
contributing during their working hours to the efforts of associations
for a more inclusive and ecological world. Thus, the global solidarity
programme #1MillionHours2Help structures the Group’s ambition to
act in favour of civil society (NGOs, associations) by highlighting the
skills of its employees.

■ in France, in particular to meet its needs regarding employment

in tension, the Group maintained its commitments in terms of
training and integration of young people in 2024 by recruiting
more than 2,000 work‑study students (2,500 in 2023) and 1,500
interns (1,500 in 2023), to which have been added 250 VIE on a
mission (300 in 2023). In September 2024, B‑School by
BNP Paribas, which held its fourth academic year with nearly
400 students has expanded its offer of diplomas with the
development of its bachelor’s degree in several French cities
and the opening of a new diploma dedicated to computer
production. The 2 IT diplomas are made up of 49% women, thus
contributing to the gender diversity of the IT line;

The programme includes end‑of‑career corporate volunteering,
which is part of the BNP Paribas SA Diversity and Inclusion
Agreement in France, which has been extended until March 2025. In
2024, a total of 686,422 hours of work or recovered hours were
carried out for solidarity actions in favour of civil society under the
#1MillionHours2Help programme, i.e. a total of more than
1.34 million hours over two rolling years, constantly increasing, and
exceeding the target set by the Group of one million hours.
Finally, in July 2023, BNP Paribas signed an agreement with the
Ministry of the Armed Forces for the Group in France reaffirming its
commitment to employees who are part of the operational reserve.
In October 2024, the Group also signed an agreement with the
Ministry of the Interior to promote the availability of its employees
serving as volunteer firefighters. In addition to the legal provisions,
BNP Paribas authorises its reservist employees and volunteer
firefighters to be absent from their working hours for up to 15
working days per calendar year, so that they can fully commit to
their civic mission, while maintaining their full salary.

750

■ lastly, the Group has an immersive course called Graduate

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Programmes for young graduates (with at least 2 years of
professional experience), offering personalised support and a
specific training offer. The overall offer of this programme is
structured around the Group’s strategic priorities and is aimed
at finance, tech and transformation profiles, cross‑functional
jobs.

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Development on the job: the importance of time for
discussion between employees and managers
At the heart of career path management and at the service of
employees, managers and HR, the About Me platform aims:
■ to identify the skills of all employees: at Group level, in

December 2024, more than 130,000 employees
around 53% women) declared their skills;

(including

■ to support employees in their development and professional

evolution;
■ to streamline interactions between employees, managers and

HR, thus promoting cross‑functional mobility;
■ to complete the annual performance review process (1).

The performance review process, which is systematic for all
employees (2), is digitalised and simplified in the About Me tool: it
starts at the beginning of the year with the definition of individual,
collective and/or cross‑functional objectives. These objectives must
be clear, achievable, defined over time, measurable and adapted to
the nature of the activity and the responsibility of the position. The
practice of continuous feedback helps to identify needs in terms of
skills development throughout the year and to enrich the Personal
Development Plan.
The annual performance review is a privileged moment of exchange
between the employee and their manager: it allows them to review
the past year in relation to the objectives set, to define development
opportunities and to project themselves into the year to come.

Career Development
Internal mobility within the Group is anchored in the Group’s
culture. It is an essential vector for the development of skills “on the
job”. Thus, in 2024, the Group recorded 20,693 internal mobilities,
25% of which were transversal (3).
To support the professional development of employees, in 2024, the
Group offered the second edition of the Career Days in 2024
deployed in 46 countries, which allowed employees to gain a better
understanding of the Group, assess their skills and training needs,
and work on their professional project. With a strong acceleration in
participation in 2024, more than 27,800 participants took part in
more than 800 events around artificial intelligence, tech, agile,
sustainable finance with sessions also focused on skills, open
positions and HR tools.

7

development of skills in line with the needs of employees while
supporting the strategic plan and the People Strategy. The strategic
plan has positioned Technology and Sustainability as development
priorities.
Regarding the Technology axis, several cross‑functional training
actions, at the initiative of the Group but also of the entities, have
made it possible to support the development of all employees as
well as experts, with a more focused angle this year on AI and
generative AI in addition to Data.
To measure its development in skills in the Technological field, the
Group monitors the following indicator: the number of Group
employees who have completed at least 7 hours of training in the
technological field was 15,014 in 2024 (9,948 in 2023).
Regarding the Sustainability axis (4), the Sustainability Academy,
launched at the end of 2022, continues to develop. In 2024, a strong
emphasis was placed on training employees on an “S‑Basics”
module allowing a solid appropriation of Sustainable Finance, as
well as a continued deployment of the Climate Fresk internationally.
In 2024, 77,270 employees completed at least one training course
from the Sustainability Academy, with an average of 1.7 hours of
training per person. Since its launch at the end of 2022, more than
130,000 Group employees were trained through the Sustainability
Academy.
In addition, as part of the Sustainability Academy, the teams are
mobilised by participating in fresks (5), in the form of collaborative
workshops facilitating the transition to action. They have thus made
it possible to raise awareness of climate and biodiversity issues
among employees in 53 countries, among entity and country
Executive Committees, as well as among shareholders. More than
12,000 employees (15,770 in 2023) participated in these workshops
in 2024.

Development programmes dedicated to the Group’s
Leaders and Talents

Forging a culture of continuous development

Finally, as the Group’s leaders (Top Executives (LfC), Senior
Management Position (SMP), Talents (LfT)) are key to contributing to
the success of the strategic plan, a global training offer is offered to
them, in particular on sustainability issues. These issues are all the
more important for them as the achievement of the objectives set by
the Group in its CSR dashboard (6) is a condition for the payment of
20% of the amount allocated to them under the Group’s loyalty
plan (7).

Strengthening the learning culture and improving the learning
experience remain the 2 major pillars of the Group’s continuous
learning strategy. This strategy is also based on the Strategic
Workforce Planning exercises carried out in the entities and with the
lines. This approach makes it possible to support and anticipate the

Thus, more than 4,500 out of the 7,000 Talents have benefited from
dedicated development schemes, notably on the understanding of
strategic sustainability issues. In addition, nearly 60% of Top
Executives have benefited in 2024 from certifying programmes on
sustainable finance.

7

(1) For more information on the monitoring of employee training and skills development activities, see section 3.i Training and skills development metrics in this chapter.
(2) Employees eligible for an annual performance review are only employees on permanent contracts who joined the Group before 30 June of the year (recruited before this date).
Those recruited after this date will be reviewed in the following period.
(3) A transversal mobility is an inter‑entity or inter‑business Group internal mobility.
(4) This has been included in the commitments to social and environmental responsibility in the new Global Agreement.
(5) Fresks of Climate, Biodiversity, Circular Economy, Mobility and 2tonnes Workshop.
(6) As such, in 2024, more than 9,000 of the Group’s key employees (SMP, Talents or local key resources) have benefited from an allocation under this plan.
(7) For employees subject to provisions and special regulatory provisions, this loyalty plan is adapted in accordance with the requirements of the European CRD Directive.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

751

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Since the launch of the Talents programme, the share of women in
this population has increased from 32% in 2015 to 53% in 2024,
creating a pool that is essential for gender diversity in management
bodies (1). In 2024, 70% of LfC were sourced from the Talents
population.

Resources allocated to managing these material
impacts
The 4,500 employees of the HR line are organised around an HR
function at Group level and local HR at the level of the various
business lines and territories and governance with an Executive
Committee bringing together the Group managers of the function
and the HR managers of the main business lines and territories
twice a month.
The roles and responsibilities of each person between the Group
function and the local line are defined in a charter. The Group HR
function is responsible for defining the People Strategy as well as all

3.

HR policies (recruitment, career path, training, evaluation,
compensation, diversity, respect for persons) in compliance with
laws and regulations and is responsible for supporting the HR line
within the business lines and territories in their deployment and
implementation. Local HR is responsible for their deployment and
implementation, while listening to employees and partnering
alongside the business lines to ensure the implementation of their
own strategy.
Employees in the HR line are also responsible for leading and
implementing policies on the promotion of diversity, implementing
policies on health and quality of life at work, on the prevention of
psychosocial risks and on the treatment of behaviour that does not
comply with the Group’s policy on Respect for Persons. They are also
responsible for managing the impacts of the HR policies put in place,
in particular by deploying the generic control plan of the function
and managing HR risks at the local level as well as by implementing
all the actions to control them locally.

METRICS AND TARGETS

3.A TARGETS RELATED TO MANAGING
MATERIAL NEGATIVE IMPACTS,
ADVANCING POSITIVE IMPACTS, AND
MANAGING MATERIAL RISKS AND
OPPORTUNITIES

In addition, as part of the strategic plan, developed considering the
feedback of a wide variety of employees (2), BNP Paribas has set
objectives for the end of 2025 corresponding to the three social
indicators of the Group’s CSR dashboard. They respond to diversity
and inclusion issues and support the Group’s ambitions to attract
and retain a highly qualified and employable workforce.

To reduce the negative effects of psychosocial risks, the Group aims
to ensure that all Group employees are covered by listening and
psychological support systems.

The three indicators related to the Group’s social responsibility and
the progress made by the Group are presented in the table below.
Objectives have been set for 2025 on these commitments and
intermediate measures to achieve these objectives are monitored
and communicated annually. These objectives, their definition and
the methodology for determining them have remained stable over
time.

In addition, all Group employees, wherever they are, benefit from the
commitments and guarantees made by the Group under the new
Global Agreement.
Regarding gender diversity at all levels of the organisation, the
Group has set ambitious targets of 40% women by 2025 on the
Group’s Executive Committee (ExCo), the G100, Leaders for Change
and Senior Management Position (SMP) populations, as well as 50%
women among the Leaders for Tomorrow (“Talents”).

➤ TABLE NO. 20: SOCIAL INDICATORS OF THE GROUP’S CSR DASHBOARD
Pillar

Indicators

Policies

Target 2025

2024

Social responsibility

Share of women among the SMP population (Senior
Management Position)

Diversity Governance

40%

39%

Number of solidarity hours performed by employees
over two rolling years (#1MillionHours2Help)

Global Agreement

1,000,000

1,338,394
(2023 + 2024)

Share of employees who completed at least four
training courses during the year

Professional Path
Policy Global
Agreement

90%

99%

(1) SMP, LfC, G100, ExCo.
(2) For more information on the development of the strategic plan, see chapter 7.1.1 General disclosures, section 2.a Strategy business model and value chain..

752

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

These objectives have been defined considering the major CSR issues
identified in 2021 by employees in the materiality matrix and
considering:
■ ambitious objectives for gender diversity in senior management

such as required in particular by French legislation by 2029;
■ the number of total hours allowing to mobilise, on average, for

solidarity purposes, the equivalent of about half a day’s work
per Group employee over two years;
■ a minimum percentage of completion of training per employee,

the final percentage of which may vary from one year to the
next depending on the workload and strategy of the business
line in which the employee carries out their activity.
These themes and some of these indicators are monitored as part of
the implementation of the new Global Agreement.
The achievement of these targets in relation to social responsibility
is monitored by the second line of defence within the RISK function,
and is shared and presented annually to the Corporate Governance,
Ethics, Nominations and CSR Committee (CGEN) of the Board of
directors, which includes two employee representatives and one
employee shareholder representative.

7

3.B CHARACTERISTICS OF EMPLOYEES
The employees detailed below concern all Group employees with a
fixed‑term employment contract (FTC) or a permanent‑term contract
(PTC) with one of the companies for which the Group has exclusive
control, significant influence and/or for which the Group holds a
Human Resources management mandate over its employees.
However, they do not include interns or work‑study students. In
2024, there were 1,674 interns in the Group (1,759 in 2023),
including 490 in France (489 in 2023 in France) and 3,752
work‑study students, mainly in France (96%) (3,841 at the end of
2023, mainly in France (96%)). The latter benefit from the same
working conditions as employees on fixed‑term contracts.
The employees (FTC and PTC) are accounted for where they carry
out their activities and where their cost is incurred. They are
monitored quarterly by the HR teams and presented to the Group’s
General Management based on the data tracked in a Group tool and
at the end of a data validation process by each of the Group’s
business lines and functions. They are recorded at the end of the
period (tables 1 to 4 below).

➤ TABLE NO. 21: EMPLOYEES BY REGION (HEADCOUNT)
2024

2023

EMEA(1)

153,892

155,685

Asia Pacific

19,638

21,363

Americas

8,088

9,114

TOTAL

181,618

186,162

(1) Europe, Middle‑East, Africa.

➤ TABLE NO. 22: EMPLOYEES BY COUNTRY (REPRESENTING AT LEAST 10% OF ITS TOTAL NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES)
2024

2023

France

55,936

56,830

TOTAL

181,618

186,162

7

France is the only country that accounts for more than 10% of the Group’s headcount.
At the end of 2024, the Group is present in 64 countries (63 countries in 2023). The 2.4% decrease in headcount compared to 2023 is mainly due
to the sale of Sharekhan in India and the BNP Paribas Personal Finance business line in Mexico and Hungary. On a like‑for‑like basis, the number
of employees remains stable (-0.5% compared to 2023).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

753

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 23: EMPLOYEES BY TYPE OF CONTRACT, BROKEN DOWN BY REGION (HEADCOUNT & FTE)
2024

2023

EMEA

Asia Pacific

Americas

TOTAL

EMEA

Asia Pacific

Americas

TOTAL

153,892

19,638

8,088

181,618

155,685

21,363

9,114

186,162

152,199

21,348

9,108

182,656

Number of employees
Headcount
FTE(1)

150,240

19,627

8,085

177,952(2)

Headcount

150,151

19,501

8,055

177,707

151,485

21,221

9,093

181,799

FTE

146,547

19,493

8,052

174,093

148,063

21,210

9,087

178,360

Headcount

3,741

137

33

3,911

4,200

142

21

4,363

FTE

3,693

133

33

3,859

4,136

139

21

4,296

Permanent employees (PTC)

Temporary employees (FTC)

Number of non‑guaranteed hours employees
(1) FTE: Full‑time equivalent, this refers to the number of full‑time equivalent (end of period), i.e. they are counted in proportion to their contractual working
time. All figures are rounded to the nearest integer (an FTE working at 80% counts as 0.8).
(2) The full‑time equivalent headcount of the fully consolidated entities corresponding to financial FTEs amounted to 175,853 at the end of 2024 (see chapter
8.6 Data by country).

More than 80% of the Group’s employees are in the EMEA region.
Within this EMEA region, nearly 96% of employees operate in Europe.

The vast majority of the Group’s employees are on permanent‑term
contracts (nearly 98%). The Group does not have any employees with
non‑guaranteed hours.

➤ TABLE NO. 24: EMPLOYEES BY WORKING TIME, BROKEN DOWN BY REGION (HEADCOUNT)
2024
EMEA

Asia Pacific

Americas

TOTAL

2023
EMEA

Asia Pacific

Americas

TOTAL

Number of employees(1)

153,892

19,638

8,088

181,618

155,685

21,363

9,114

186,162

Full‑time employees

138,768

19,597

8,078

166,443

138,807

21,318

9,094

169,219

Part‑time employees

13,368

41

10

13,419

13,049

45

20

13,114

(1) The totals include all employees, including those whose working time is not reported.

➤ TABLE NO. 25: EMPLOYEES BY GENDER (HEADCOUNT & FTE)
2024
Headcounts

FTE

Headcounts

FTE

Men

88,095

87,365

90,873

90,241

Women

93,515

90,579

95,289

92,415

8

8

181,618

177,952

186,162

182,656

Not reported
TOTAL

At the end of 2024, 51% of the Group’s employees were women and 49% were men.

754

2023

Gender

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

➤ TABLE NO. 26: EMPLOYEES BY TYPE OF CONTRACT, BROKEN DOWN BY GENDER (HEADCOUNT & FTE)
2024

2023

Men

Women

Not reported

Total

Men

Women

Not reported

Total

Headcount

88,095

93,515

8

181,618

90,873

95,289

186,162

FTE

87,365

90,579

8

177,952

90,241

92,415

182,656

Headcount

86,510

91,190

7

177,707

89,146

92,653

181,799

FTE

85,800

88,287

7

174,093

88,541

89,820

178,360

Headcount

1,585

2,325

1

3,911

1,727

2,636

4,363

FTE

1,566

2,292

1

3,859

1,700

2,596

4,296

Number of employees

Permanent employees (PTC)

Temporary employees (FTC)

Number of non‑guaranteed hours employees

➤ TABLE NO. 27: EMPLOYEES BY WORKING TIME, BROKEN DOWN BY GENDER (HEADCOUNT)
2024

2023

Men

Women

Not reported

Total

Men

Women

Number of employees(1)

Not reported

Total

88,095

93,515

8

181,618

90,873

95,289

186,162

Full‑time employees

85,244

81,191

8

166,443

87,414

81,805

169,219

Part‑time employees

1,990

11,429

13,419

1,748

11,366

13,114

(1) The totals include all employees, including those whose working time is not reported.

In 2024, 13,419 employees worked part‑time, representing 7% of the
Group’s headcount (7% in 2023). 69% of them work part‑time at 80%
or more (69% in 2023). In total, 2% of men and 12% of women work
part‑time.

BNP Paribas confirms its status as a leading European bank. For the
7th consecutive year, France is the leading recruiting country with
17.5% of the total, followed by India (17.1%), Türkiye (9.8%), Portugal
(8.8%) and Poland (5.9%).

Movements

Two‑thirds of the offers open for permanent contracts are accessible
to young people entering the labour market. In 2024, more than
17,200 employees under the age of 30 under all contract types were
recruited worldwide by the Group, including 9,791 under the age of
25 (PTC, FTC, work‑study students, interns).

The Group recruited 16,887 employees on permanent contracts
worldwide in 2024 (-19% compared to 2023), including 2,962 in
France. With 70% of recruitments in Europe (70% in 2023),

7

➤ TABLE NO. 28: LEAVERS (PTC) (1)
2024
Men

Women

Total number of leavers

8,766

Voluntary leavers(1)

2023

Total

Men

Women

Not reported

Total

8,371

17,137

9,910

9,621

41

19,572

5,482

5,024

10,506

6,088

5,914

12,002

Retirement

1,070

1,058

2,128

1,114

1,182

2,296

Dismissal

610

568

1,178

715

627

1,342

1,604

1,721

3,325

1,993

1,898

Other leavers(2)

Not reported

41

3,932

(1) Resignation and mutually agreed departures.
(2) Including, in particular, end of trial periods and death.

(1) Leavers correspond to employees (in physical headcounts and PTC only) who have left the Group during the year.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

755

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The decrease in leavers in 2024 (-12.4%) is mainly due to a general
decrease in resignations, particularly in France, India and Poland. Of
the 17,137 departures in 2024, more than 12,500 were in Europe,

including more than 3,700 in France (nearly 3,800 in 2023), and
more than 4,500 in the rest of the world (nearly 5,600 in 2023).

➤ TABLE NO. 29: TURNOVER RATE
2024
Men

Women

Turnover rate (headcount)(1)

10.1%

Turnover rate (FTE)
Voluntary turnover rate (FTE)(2)
Voluntary turnover incl. retirements

Not reported

2023

Total

Men

Women

Not reported

Total

9.2%

9.6%

11.3%

10.4%

10.9%

10.1%

9.2%

9.6%

11.3%

10.6%

10.9%

6.3%

5.6%

6.0%

7.0%

6.5%

6.7%

7.6%

6.7%

7.1%

8.3%

7.8%

8.0%

(1) Turnover rate, calculated on employees with permanent contracts: (Number of departures in year N)/(Average number of employees in year N).
(2) Voluntary turnover rate, calculated on employees with permanent contracts: (Number of resignations in year N + Number of mutually agreed departures
in year N)/(Average number of employees in year N)

The decrease in the turnover rate, also known as the departure rate,
calculated on a like‑for‑like basis (excluding Sharekhan), is mainly
due to the decrease in voluntary departures, particularly in France,
India and Poland.
Within the Group, employment management is carried out
responsibly, by anticipating the adaptations necessary to maintain
its economic performance, its capacity for development and
therefore employment in the long term. It relies on dynamic internal
mobility, a source of skills enhancement, and supported by
significant investments in training.
Employment management is carried out within the framework of
collective agreements concluded at different levels: Global,
European and French. In France, in 2022, the new Agreement
concluded on the management of employment and career paths
renewed and strengthened the commitments made by the Group
until 2026. Thus, the Group in France does not carry out any forced
redundancies, favouring internal mobility and voluntary solutions for
its projects impacting employment. In other countries around the
world, economic redundancies are exceptional, in line with the 2012
European Agreement on Employment Management (renewed by

tacit agreement for a three‑year period) and with the new 2024
Global Agreement on the part relating to “Employment and Skills
Management”.

3.C CHARACTERISTICS OF NON‑EMPLOYEE
WORKERS
Non‑employee workers, i.e. workers who do not have the status of
employees within the company, are those who have either concluded
a contract with the company to provide labour (“self‑employed
workers”) or persons supplied by companies mainly engaged in
“employment activities” (NACE code N78). For the Group, they
correspond to workers on assignment with a temporary employment
agency and working in the Company and present on the last day of
the month.
The Group reserves the possibility of using temporary work for the
execution of a specific and temporary task. It is only used
occasionally to replace employees who are temporarily absent (due
to illness, maternity or other) or to cope with a temporary increase
in the company’s activity.

➤ TABLE NO. 30: NON‑EMPLOYEE WORKERS
2024
Number of non‑employee workers

They represented 2,294 people in FTE (1) at the end of 2024, including 658 in France.

(1) Data collected by the Group Finance teams in FTE at the end of the period.

756

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

2,294

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

3.D COLLECTIVE BARGAINING COVERAGE AND
SOCIAL DIALOGUE
Following on from the 2018 Global Agreement, a new Global
Agreement was signed on 4 November 2024 between
representatives of the BNP Paribas Group Management and UNI
Global Union with the participation of representatives of FECEC (1),
the European Group Works Council and the two representative trade
unions at BNP Paribas Group level in France. This agreement is
based on a strong practice of respect for trade union rights,

7

collective bargaining and social dialogue, in particular at European
level, through the European Group Works Council and the
negotiations conducted at this level.
It covers all Group employees, so 100% of the Group’s employees are
covered by collective agreements.
In addition, the Group has a European Works Council bringing
together employee representatives from entities located in all
countries of the European Economic Area (2), excluding entities that
are not majority‑owned.

➤ TABLE NO. 31: COLLECTIVE BARGAINING COVERAGE
% of employees covered by collective bargaining agreements

2024

2023

100%

100%

➤ TABLE NO. 32: COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AND SOCIAL DIALOGUE
2024
Collective bargaining coverage

Social dialogue(1)

Employees – EEA(2) (3)

Employees – non‑EEA(4)

Workplace representation
(EEA only)

France

EMEA (excluding EEA), Asia Pacific

France (100%)

Coverage rate
0‑19%
20‑39%
40‑59%
60‑79%
80‑100%
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)

Data collected in the Social Reporting campaign, which covers 95% of the Group's employees in FTE as of 31/12/2024.
European Economic Area.
Countries with >50 employees representing >10% of the total number of employees.
Regions with >50 employees representing >10% of the total number of employees.

France is the only country that accounts for more than 10% of the
Group’s employees. EMEA (excluding EEA countries) and Asia Pacific
are the two regions that account for more than 10% of the Group’s
employees.
In 2024, 1,768 official meetings (1,758 in 2023) were held with
employee representatives, including 1,033 in France, illustrating the
richness of social dialogue. These meetings led to the signing, in
2024, of 350 collective bargaining agreements within the Group (306
in 2023), including 142 in France, 194 in the rest of Europe and 14 in
the rest of the world, reflecting the quality of collective bargaining.

3.E DIVERSITY METRICS
Gender distribution at top management

7

The Group has set itself ambitious targets of 40% gender diversity at
all levels of the company’s top management, whether at the level of
the Board of directors of BNP Paribas SA, the Group’s Executive
Committee, G100 senior executives, LfC or the Senior Management
Position (SMP) population. The SMP population is made up of Group
employees holding approximately 3,000 positions considered to have
the most significant impact from a strategic, commercial, functional
and expertise perspective. Gender diversity within this population is
one of the social indicators monitored in the Group’s CSR dashboard.

(1) European Federation of Credit and Financial Institutions Executives.
(2) Including the United Kingdom.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

757

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 33: GENDER DISTRIBUTION AT TOP MANAGEMENT
2024

2023

Men

Women

Total

Men

Women

Total

6

8

14

7

6

13

% of Board

43%

57%

100%

54%

46%

100%

ExCo members

11

8

19

12

6

18

% of ExCo

58%

42%

100%

67%

33%

100%

G100 members

53

37

90

57

35

92

% of G100

59%

41%

100%

62%

38%

100%

Board members(1)

Number of LfC

317

187

504

389

198

587

% of LfC

63%

37%

100%

66%

34%

100%

Number of SMP

1,826

1,151

2,977

1,877

1,109

2,986

% of SMP

61%

39%

100%

63%

37%

100%

2025 target
(% women)

40%

(1) Board of directors.

➤ CHART NO. 7: DISTRIBUTION OF EMPLOYEES BY AGE GROUP AND GENDER
In 2024, the Group has 26,573 employees under 30 years old, 108,196 between 30 and 49 years old and 45,060 employees aged 50 and over.
Men
50 and over

Total

Women
527

>=65

4,632

>=60 <65

Under 30

Total

8,335

7,441

14,889

10,603

51,301

21,018
56,889

108,196 *

>=45 <50

12,068

>=40 <45

13,603

>=35 <40

12,910

13,763

26,674 *

>=30 <35

12,720

13,186

25,907 *

Total

12,899

>=25 <30
Age not reported

818

3,703

10,415

>=50 <55

45,060

291

7,448

>=55 <60
Between 30 and 49

TOTAL

22,038

23,022

13,836
16,104

13,672

10,413

10,542

<25

2,486

Total

873

3,130
916

25,906 *
29,709 *

26,573 *
20,957 *
5,616
1,789

* The total includes all employees, including those whose gender is not declared.

The overall average age was 42.1 years in 2024 (41.8 in 2023),
42.3 years for men and 41.9 years for women. The average seniority
in the Group was 12.2 years in 2024 (12.1 in 2023), 11.6 years for
men and 12.8 years for women.

3.F ADEQUATE WAGES
The Group complies with the minimum wage applicable in all the
countries in which it operates.
Regarding the adequate wage, the Group defined it as the level of
salary (1) that is adequate to cover the basic needs of an employee
and their family, particularly in terms of housing, food, health,
education, transport, means of communication, and precautionary
savings.

In order to determine the adequate wage in all the countries in
which the Group operates, the Group relies on a recognised player in
this field, Fair Wage Network, which provides adequate wage data
calculated according to the local context in relation to the country
(or within countries, the major cities in which employees work), and
various criteria such as the average household size per country
(assumption of a household of 2 people with a number of children
based on the fertility rate per country), and the average number of
people receiving income in the household (statistic defined per
country). These adequate wage data are updated annually by Fair
Wage Network, they are compared to employees’ fixed remuneration.

(1) Only the fixed remuneration for full‑time equivalent working time (excluding overtime).

758

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

In accordance with the new commitment made in the
November 2024 Global Agreement, 100% of the Group’s employees
receive an adequate wage according to the definition above (1).

Under this agreement, an amount of around EUR 182 million will be
distributed among 46,067 beneficiaries for the 2024 financial year (in
2023, EUR 164 million were distributed to 46,606 beneficiaries).

In addition to the salary, employees can benefit, depending on the
business, from a variable remuneration that remunerates
quantitative and qualitative achievements measured on the basis of
observed performance and performance reviews, in line with the
objectives set. It is determined in particular according to the results
achieved by the business. The salary is also supplemented by a
global social floor to which all Group employees have access in
accordance with the Global Agreement (see the paragraph Strong
and advantageous social protection framework in section 2.c
Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own
workers to raise concerns under this chapter).

Elsewhere in the world, comparable measures are being deployed,
notably at BNP Paribas Fortis in Belgium (in 2024, EUR 24 million
were paid to all employees as part of the so‑called “collective”
variable remuneration) or in Luxembourg (an incentive scheme
bonus of nearly EUR 3.3 million was paid for 2023).

Among these benefits, the Group has set up retirement and
employee savings schemes, in accordance with local legislation and
local practices. These schemes complement the mandatory and
statutory schemes to which entities contribute for their employees
(defined benefit plans or defined contribution plans).
In France, employees are involved in the Group’s performance
through profit‑sharing and incentive agreements schemes. For the
2024 financial year, an amount of EUR 225 million will be distributed
to the 63,280 beneficiaries of the entities that are members of the
Group profit‑sharing agreement in France (compared to
EUR 212.6 million to 63,668 beneficiaries in 2023). This amount,
based on the Group’s results, in application of a derogatory formula,
is 6 times higher than the amount that would result from the legal
formula.
With regard to incentive agreement schemes, almost all of the
Group’s employees in France are covered by an incentive agreement
at the end of 2024. The joint incentive agreement between
BNP Paribas SA and BNP Paribas Financial Markets associates
employees with the financial objectives defined in the framework of
the strategic plan. The amount distributed is based on gross
operating income, dividends and share buybacks and a CSR
component, allowing employees to be associated with the results in
the same way as the shareholders.

7

In terms of collective savings, in France, the diversified management
offer provided to employees in the Group’s savings schemes (PEE,
PERECO and PERO) – including investment vehicles integrating ESG
criteria, some of which are labelled Socially Responsible Investment
(SRI) – makes it possible to cover the different profiles of savers, of
investment horizons, as well as of different levels of risk and
geographical areas of investment. In addition, most of the Group’s
companies in France support their employees’ voluntary savings
efforts through savings plans (PEE and PERECO) with a cumulative
contribution of more than EUR 70 million paid in 2024.

3.G SOCIAL PROTECTION
Under the Global Agreement, all employees benefit from a generally
favourable framework in terms of social protection, in particular with
regard to events related to illness and parental leave. For other
events such as unemployment and retirement, coverage depends
mainly on the existence of state schemes in the countries in which
the Group operates.
At least 88% of the Group’s employees are covered, within the
framework of public programmes or benefits offered by the company,
by social protection against loss of income due to all events such as
illness, unemployment, accidents at work/disability, parental leave,
retirement (2).
Only a few Group entities in only 3 of the 64 countries in which the
Group operates do not cover their employees against loss of income
due to unemployment. In these 3 countries, the 4 other events that
can lead to the loss of income are covered for all employees.

➤ TABLE NO. 34: SOCIAL PROTECTION
Country

Type of events

Types of employees not covered

Hong Kong

Unemployment

PTC and FTC

India

Unemployment

PTC and FTC

Singapore

Unemployment

PTC and FTC

In France, the Group also offers comprehensive supplementary social
protection coverage through mandatory health reimbursement
schemes to employees and flexible incapacity, disability and

7

death insurance in the form of a single contract offering each
employee the possibility of adapting their coverage to their personal
situation.

(1) The adequate wage is calculated on a basis covering approximately 96% of the Group’s employees. The remuneration considered concerns the fixed remuneration.
(2) Based on data collected on state schemes by an external service provider covering 95% of the Group’s employees and data collected from local HR experts in charge of social
protection issues, in particular for corporate schemes.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

759

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

In addition, flexible benefits systems allow employees to define, to a
certain extent, their level of coverage on a range of benefits offered
focused on long‑term employability and offering sustainable choices.
These systems are deployed notably at BNL in Italy, BNP Paribas
Fortis in Belgium and BNP Paribas in the United Kingdom.

The Group ensures that employees have access to information on
the benefits, offers and other schemes provided to them in the
Group’s various entities.

3.H PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES
➤ TABLE NO. 35: PERCENTAGE OF EMPLOYEES DECLARED AS HAVING A DISABILITY (1)
2024
Men

Women

Total

EMEA

2.7%

4.6%

3.7%

Asia Pacific

0.3%

0.1%

0.2%

Americas

1.2%

1.7%

1.4%

TOTAL

2.3%

4.1%

3.2%

As of 31 December 2024, the Group had 5,587 employees with
disabilities in 28 countries, including 3,460 in France, representing
an overall Group employment rate of employees with disabilities in
relation to the Group’s overall headcounts of 3.2%, up compared to
the previous year (2.7% in 2023). 248 employees with disabilities
were recruited in 2024 compared to 235 in 2023.

3.I

In France, as part of the renewal of the Disability Agreement for
three years (2023‑2025), BNP Paribas SA has recruited 57 candidates
with disabilities. 2,120 job retention actions were carried out in 2024.
The employment rate of employees with disabilities remained at
5.3% in 2023 (due to a change in scope).

TRAINING AND SKILLS DEVELOPMENT METRICS

➤ TABLE NO. 36: PERFORMANCE REVIEW AND CAREER DEVELOPMENT
2024
% of employees who participated in regular performance
and career development reviews

2023

Men

Women

Total

Men

Women

Total

96%

96%

96%

96%

96%

96%

The percentage of employees who participated in a performance review was calculated on the basis of the population eligible for a review (2).

➤ TABLE NO. 37: TRAINING
2024

2023

Men

Women

Total

Men

Women

Total

Average number of training hours per employee

26

28

27

23

25

24

Out of which average number of training hours per
employee (excluding mandatory training)

22

24

23

19

21

20

The average number of hours of training was up (+12% in 2024) due to the improvement in development offers and the employee experience in
terms of training courses. Due to the nature of the Group’s activities, employees must complete mandatory training courses each year, in
particular for regulatory reasons, notably relating to the Code of conduct.

(1) A disability, according to the French definition (Law No. 2005‑102 of 11/02/2005 and article L.114 of the Code of Social Action and Families) or any comparable definition
according to the local legislation applicable outside France, is any limitation of activity or restriction of participation in life in society suffered in their environment by a person
due to a substantial alteration, of one or more physical, sensory, mental, cognitive or psychological functions, a multiple disability or a disabling health disorder. Data
collected in the Social Reporting campaign covering 95% of the Group's employees in FTE as of 31/12/2024.
(2) Employees in Permanent Term contract (PTC) who joined the Group before 01/07/2024, present at 31/12/2024, and using the About Me Group tool to evaluate their
performance. In relation to the headcount reported in section 3.b in this chapter, the percentage of employees who participated in a performance evaluation represents 84% of
Group employees.

760

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

3.J

7

HEALTH AND SAFETY METRICS (1)

At the end of 2024, 96% of the Group’s employees were covered by a health and safety management system.

➤ TABLE NO. 38: HEALTH AND SAFETY
2024

2023

0

2(1)

Number of recordable work‑related accidents

655(2)

564

Rate of recordable work‑related accidents (frequency rate: number of accidents per 1 million
total worked hours)

1.27

1.07

Number of days lost due to work‑related injuries and fatalities from work‑related accidents,
from work‑related ill health & fatalities from ill‑health (severity rate: number of days lost per
1,000 total calendar hours)

0.07

0.05

Number of fatalities as a result of work‑related injuries and work‑related ill health

(1) These deaths concern only employees. Given the confidentiality of the data, the link with work cannot be disclosed.
(2) The increase in the number of work‑related accidents is due in particular to a rise in reports initiated directly by employees and accidents reported
following customer misconduct.

In accordance with the law of 2 August 2021, the Group’s
autonomous Occupational Health and Prevention Service (OHPS) in
France, which provides medical follow‑up to 40,000 employees, is
subject to an approval procedure issued by the DRIEETS (2), the
supervisory body that assesses the compliance and quality of the
service.

The Group absenteeism rate (3) for employees related to illness,
accidents at work (excluding commuting) and occupational ill health
was 3.5% for the Group in 2024, a slight increase compared to 2023.
It was 4.6% in France, stable compared to 2023.

3.K WORK‑LIFE BALANCE METRICS
Under the Global Agreement, all Group employees are entitled to take at least one of the following family leaves: maternity leave, paternity
leave, parental leave, or caregiver leave.

➤ TABLE NO. 39: FAMILY‑RELATED LEAVE
2024

% of employees entitled to take family‑related leave

Men

Women

Total

100%

100%

100%

8%

18%

13%

% of employees who have taken such leave(1)

(1) Data collected in the Social Reporting campaign, which covers 95% of the Group's employees in FTE as of 31/12/2024.

The Group is also implementing numerous actions to promote 360°
parenthood.
In France for its 12th edition, the “Parenthood Meetings”, attended by
more than 2,400 employees, was organised around meetings and
thematic resources addressing adolescence, early childhood, family
and intergenerational solidarity, and neurodivergence (4).

7

Regarding the provisions required at Group level, particularly in
favour of caregivers, the Global Agreement provides for the
possibility for employees to take up to five flexibility days per year
for personal convenience. Nearly two‑thirds of Group
employees (5) benefits from a specific policy in favour of caregivers.
In addition, there are other highly innovative initiatives, such as the
Tilia mobile application (developed in intrapreneurship), offered by
some of the Group’s entities in France, which offers personal
support, functionalities and a useful information space for caregivers
and those being cared for.

(1) Data collected in the Social Reporting campaign, which covers 95% of the Group’s employees in FTE as of 31/12/2024.
(2) Interdepartmental Regional Directorate for the Economy, Employment, Labour and Solidarity.
(3) The absenteeism rate does not include maternity, paternity, adoption and parental leave.
(4) The term neurodivergence refers to neurological functioning that differs from the norm.
(5) Of the Social Reporting.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

761

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

In France, BNP Paribas SA and a number of its subsidiaries have
concluded agreements on the donation of rest days to employees
who are carers of a seriously ill child or spouse. In addition, the
Group has put in place a set of measures to support employee
caregivers, including a dedicated support offer from the company’s
social service that intervenes in the workplace, in various forms:
individual support for employees, in complete confidentiality,
communication and awareness‑raising actions (regular group events,
practical guides, support groups with a psychologist, art therapy
workshops), as well as partnerships with internal and external
specialists and experts.

3.L REMUNERATION METRICS
Gender pay gap
The Group’s compensation policy is based on the principles of
fairness, particularly in terms of gender, and transparency, reflected
in particular in a single annual compensation review process for all
employees.
Regarding the overall gender pay gap, it corresponds to the
difference between the average level of pay between male and
female employees, expressed as a percentage of the average pay
level of male employees. It is calculated on all Group employees,
regardless of their activity, seniority and geographical location.

➤ TABLE NO. 40: GENDER PAY GAP (1)
2024
Gender pay gap (total remuneration)

35%

Gender pay gap (fixed remuneration)

28%

The 35% gap for the Group calculated on total remuneration is
explained in particular by a significant gap in corporate and
Investment Banking businesses where men are more represented
than women in front office activities and in more senior technical
roles where remuneration levels are the highest, while women are
more numerous in functional and commercial activities. As these
front‑office market businesses are more revenue‑generating with
higher levels of variable remuneration, this explains the larger gap
in total remuneration (35%) compared to fixed remuneration (28%).
It is important to note that the Group continues to maintain its
strong commitment in this area by renewing specific measures
dedicated to rebalancing unjustified pay gaps.
For several years, measures have been taken locally to reduce the
possible pay gap between women and men. Thus, as part of the
2022 Mandatory Annual Negotiations of BNP Paribas SA in France, a
budget of EUR 10 million to be distributed equally over 2023 and
2024 has been devoted to the company’s actions in favour of gender
diversity in career paths and the promotion of women, and to the
correction of any gaps in annual remuneration. This scheme was
renewed at the 2024 Mandatory Annual Negotiations of
BNP Paribas SA in France with a new envelope of EUR 10 million to
be distributed equally over 2025 and 2026. The other entities of the
Group also have the opportunity each year to request dedicated
envelopes as part of the budget discussions on the annual
compensation review process.

Analyses are presented annually to the General Management at the
end of the annual compensation review process to ensure an
adequate distribution between women and men of the various
envelopes in terms of fixed salary increases, variable remuneration
or long‑term loyalty plans.
For example, in 2024, 5.37% of women were promoted (4.01% of men
promoted) and women accounted for 59% of employees promoted
and 53.2% of employees who received an individual raise (2).
However, ensuring equal treatment from a gender perspective does
not fully reduce the overall pay gap between women and men within
the Group (across all business lines and countries). For several
years, the Group has been carrying out numerous actions aimed at
structurally improving the representation of women in certain
management positions or in certain activities where they are
under‑represented, such as in the market activities of corporate and
Investment Banking and in the IT line.

Ratio of highest to median remuneration
Regarding the ratio between the highest remuneration and the
median of the remuneration of all Group employees, the diversity of
the Group’s headcount structure in terms of geographical locations
(more than 60 countries) and jobs held makes this indicator more
relevant when calculated within a country. This indicator is
presented on the 10 main countries in which the Group is present
(representing 80% of the Group’s employees).

(1) The gender pay gap is calculated on a basis covering approximately 96% of the Group’s employees. The remuneration taken into account concerns the 2024 gross annual fixed
remuneration as well as the gross variable remuneration awarded at the beginning of 2024 for 2023 performance.
(2) Increases and promotions awarded in 2024 on a basis covering approximately 93% of Group employees who joined before 01/01/2023.

762

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

➤ TABLE NO. 41: RATIO OF HIGHEST TO MEDIAN REMUNERATION (1)
Ratio by country

2024

France

91

BNP Paribas SA(1) in France

79

Italy

44

Belgium

19

India

52

Poland

40

Portugal

21

Turkey

76

United Kingdom

84

Germany

28

Spain

44

(1) Other ratios between the remuneration of the BNP Paribas Group’s Corporate Officers and the median remuneration of the employees of
BNP Paribas SA in France and its branches outside France are published in chapter 2 under French law. Thus, for 2024, this ratio between the
remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer and the median of the remuneration of BNP Paribas SA employees (in France and in branches
outside France) is 64.

Differences in remuneration can be particularly high from one country to another due to market practices, the local cost of living and the nature
of the Group’s activities in the different countries. The high levels of remuneration concern certain activities that are very income‑generating.

3.M INCIDENTS, COMPLAINTS AND SEVERE HUMAN RIGHTS IMPACTS
➤ TABLE NO. 42: INCIDENTS, COMPLAINTS AND SEVERE HUMAN RIGHTS IMPACTS
2024
Number of incidents of discrimination, including harassment reported during the period
Number of complaints filed through channels for the own workforce to raise concerns about social issues

613

related to working conditions and fair treatment (excluding discrimination and harassment)
Total amount of fines, penalties and compensation for damages resulting from incidents and complaints (discrimination
and harassment)

The number reported above for incidents of discrimination (including
harassment) as well as other complaints concerning social issues
corresponds to the number of alerts relating to “Respect for
Persons (2)” reported via the Group whistleblowing channel. Thus, in
2024, 613 alerts relating to “Respect for Persons” were recorded
(587 alerts in 2023). Following the analysis of the alerts and the
investigations carried out, appropriate measures were taken,
including disciplinary and support measures. In 2024, 101 sanctions
were applied (including 24 dismissals) and 415 accompanying
measures were taken and in 2023, 101 sanctions were applied
(including 22 dismissals) and 332 accompanying measures were
taken. No alert has been raised for the year 2024 via the OECD’s
national contact points.

€43,416

The amount of fines, penalties and compensation for damages
reported above corresponds to the amounts (excluding transactions)
of damages and compensation for damages paid during the year to
employees or former employees, following a court decision without
any possible appeals relating to incidents of discrimination or
harassment and as reported by the Group’s main countries and
regions (France, United Kingdom, United States, Asia Pacific, Belgium,
Italy, Luxembourg (3)). This amount of EUR 43,416 only concerns
France for five cases recorded in 2024. These fine amounts are
included in a global “Litigation” category within the salary and
employee benefit expense.

7

Given the nature of the Group’s activities and commitments with
regard to human rights, the topic of serious human rights incidents
covering forced labour, human trafficking or child labour is not
considered material at the Group level.

(1) The ratio of the total annual remuneration of the highest earner to the median total annual remuneration of all employees (excluding the highest earner). The median
remuneration is calculated on a basis covering approximately 96% of the Group's employees. The remuneration considered concerns the 2024 gross annual fixed remuneration
as well as the gross annual variable remuneration awarded at the beginning of 2024 for 2023 performance.
(2) The areas covered by the “Respect for Persons” are in particular acts contrary to the principle of non‑discrimination, acts constituting moral or sexual harassment, sexist
behaviour, sexual touching, rape, assaults, non‑compliance with safety rules.
(3) These countries cover nearly 80% of the countries for which “Respect for Persons” alerts have been raised in 2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

763

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7.1.5 CONSUMERS AND END‑USERS
This section develops four themes related to consumers and
end‑users of the products and services offered by BNP Paribas:
transparent, clear and non‑misleading information, data privacy
protection (1), customer satisfaction and social inclusion.
BNP Paribas presents hereafter an analysis of the strategy, policies
and actions implemented by the Group regarding its consumers and
end‑users defined as:
■ its direct individual clients (private individuals), in the context

of the activities of the Commercial, Personal Banking & Services
(CPBS) and Investment & Protection Services (IPS) divisions;
■ its

indirect individual beneficiaries, through BNP Paribas’
financing of Microfinance institutions (MFIs) dedicated to social
inclusion.

Strategy: this section introduces the material impacts, risks and
opportunities (IRO) that have been identified in relation to
consumers and end‑users, as part of the double materiality
assessment conducted by the Group. These IRO are put in
perspective with the Group’s strategy and business model.

Actions: on the four themes above‑mentioned in this section, the
Group describes dialogue channels implemented with its consumers
and end‑users, as well as those allowing them to raise their
concerns. It then details the actions aimed at mitigating the impacts
and risks and seizing the opportunities relating to consumers and
end‑users.
These actions include the deployment of clear, transparent and
non‑misleading information, the rules for informing the customer in
the context of complaints management, the risk management
procedure and governance dedicated to the protection of personal
data, the Net Promoter System in favour of customer satisfaction,
specific financial inclusion offers supporting social inclusion and
transversal training actions for the Group’s workforce.
Metrics and Targets: this section presents the target related to the
material opportunities identified on the social inclusion topic.
BNP Paribas has set itself the goal of serving six million beneficiaries
of products and services supporting financial inclusion by 2025. This
indicator is included in the Group’s CSR dashboard.

Policies: this section presents the Group’s policies deployed in
relation to consumers and end‑users to manage these material
impacts, risks and opportunities. These policies are the Code of
conduct, the Group policy on the protection of personal data and the
Group policy on the protection of the interests of clients.

1.

STRATEGY
This can be particularly damaging for individual clients who are
financially fragile or less familiar with complex financial
products, increasing the risk of financial losses.

1.A MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS AND
OPPORTUNITIES AND THEIR INTERACTION
WITH STRATEGY AND BUSINESS MODEL
Through the double materiality assessment carried out by the Group
and described in section 7.1.1 General Disclosures, 3.a Description of
the process to identify and assess material impacts, risks and
opportunities, BNP Paribas has identified several material impacts,
risks and opportunities (IRO) in relation with individual consumers
and end‑users.

Given the large volume of products and services offered by the
Group, a lack of information can potentially affect many
customers.
■ Impacts related to customer satisfaction

Customer dissatisfaction is an impact related to a one‑off
incident and means that the Group has not responded to a
customer’s need. The incident may cover operational issues
(difficulty in accessing the customer space on the internet) or
commercial issues (inadequate sale with advice on a product
that is not adapted to the customer’s risk profile).

Material impacts identified by BNP Paribas
■ Impacts related to transparent, clear and non‑misleading

information
Financial products and services offered to individual customers
may result in material negative impacts if the information
provided to them is not sufficiently clear and comprehensive.
For example, if the characteristics of an investment product are
not presented in a clear, transparent and balanced manner,
individual clients risk being misled and making decisions that
do not align with their needs or financial situation, thus
exposing them to possible financial difficulties.

■ Impacts related to social inclusion

(1) The data privacy protection is a synonym of the personal data protection.

764

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Some individual customers are not eligible for the Group’s
products and services that would be necessary for their
financial inclusion, contributing to their social exclusion. This
general impact is linked to the profile of the clients
(administrative and economic characteristics that do not allow
access to the products and services offered).

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Material risks identified by BNP Paribas

7

■ Risks

related to transparent, clear and non‑misleading
information

■ Risks related to data privacy protection

BNP Paribas processes a certain amount of personal
information related to its individual clients, such as
identification data (name, ID number, etc.) or contact data
(postal address, e‑mail, telephone number, etc.). The Group
may face legal and reputational risks resulting from breaches of
data protection legislation, such as the violation of the General
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in the European Union, and/
or the loss or theft of confidential information about its
individual customers.

A defect in the services provided or in the products sold to
individual customers may result in a risk of sanction from
public authorities and a risk of litigation on the part of
customers.

Material opportunities identified by BNP Paribas
■ BNP Paribas has identified material opportunities related to

products and services supporting social inclusion through
financial inclusion.

Correspondence table summarising the links between the material IRO and Policies, Actions, Metrics and
Targets
➤ TABLE NO. 43: SUMMARY OF THE LINKS BETWEEN MATERIAL IRO AND POLICIES, ACTIONS, METRICS AND TARGETS
Category

Title of the material IRO

Policies

Actions

Metrics and Targets

Impacts

Financial difficulties related
to an information default

■ Code of conduct

■ Transversal training actions

N/A

■ Group policy on the

■ Deployment of transparent, clear and

protection of the
interests of clients

non‑misleading information and specific actions,
such as the formalisation of guidelines on the
drafting of commercial documents

■ Complaints management, rules for informing

individual customers and responding to their
request

■ Continuous improvement process

Impacts

Dissatisfaction

■ Code of conduct

■ Transversal training actions

■ Group policy on the

■ Net Promoter System

■ Code of conduct

■ Transversal training actions

protection of the
interests of clients

Impacts

Ineligibility for products or
services

N/A

N/A

■ Proposal of financial inclusion offers (Nickel,

financing of microfinance institutions)

Risks

Legal and reputational risks ■ Code of conduct
resulting from loss or theft of
■ Group policy on the
confidential data

protection of personal
data

■ Transversal training actions

N/A

■ Risk management process related to the

protection of personal data

■ Dedicated governance
■ Channels for dialogue with individual customers

7

■ Continuous improvement process

Risks

Legal risks related to an
information default

■ Code of conduct

■ Transversal training actions

■ Group policy on the

■ Deployment of transparent, clear and

protection of the
interests of clients

N/A

non‑misleading information and specific actions,
such as the formalisation of guidelines on the
drafting of commercial documents

■ Complaints management, rules for informing

individual customers and responding to their
request

■ Continuous improvement process

Opportunities

Financial inclusion

■ Code of conduct

■ Transversal training actions
■ Proposal of financial inclusion offers (Nickel,

financing of microfinance institutions)

Number of
beneficiaries of
products and
services
supporting
financial
inclusion

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

765

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Interaction with BNP Paribas’ strategy and business
model
The material negative impacts identified by BNP Paribas in relation
to its individual clients (financial difficulties related to an
information default, dissatisfaction or ineligibility for certain
products or services) are not the result of the Group’s strategy. They
relate to unintentional defects in the production of its products or
services and involuntary negative consequences of its activity.
The material risks identified by BNP Paribas in relation to its
individual clients relate in particular to situations of failure to

2.

comply with a legislation or regulation, loss or theft of data, or an
information default in the offered products and services. They are
not related to the Group’s strategy and business model.
The material opportunities identified by BNP Paribas in relation to its
individual clients, relating to financial inclusion and contributing to
social inclusion, are derived from the Group’s strategy. Thus, the
Group’s CSR dashboard (presented in section 7.1.1. General
Disclosures, 2.a. Strategy, business model and value chain) includes
an indicator dedicated to the number of beneficiaries of products
and services supporting financial inclusion.

IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES MANAGEMENT

2.A POLICIES RELATED TO CONSUMERS AND END‑USERS
To manage the material impacts of its products and services on consumers and end‑users, as well as the material risks and opportunities
associated with them, BNP Paribas has several policies in place which are presented and summarised in the table below. These policies apply to
all consumers and end‑users as defined in the introduction of this section.

➤ TABLE NO. 44: SUMMARY OF THE GROUP’S POLICIES RELATING TO CONSUMERS AND END‑USERS
Description of the most senior level of the
Description of the scope of the policy organisation accountable for implementing
or its exclusions
the policy

Policies

Description of the content of the policy

Code of conduct

The Code of conduct sets out
BNP Paribas Group
the rules of conduct that apply
to all activities and employees
of the Group.

BNP Paribas Group General
Management

The Code of conduct is available
on the Group’s intranet and on
the BNP Paribas website(1).
It is available in 20 languages.

Group policy on the
protection of
personal data

It governs the Group’s strategy BNP Paribas Group
in this area, defining the rules
for all categories of data
subjects (customers, employees,
service providers, etc.) and any
personal data processing
activity, in all BNP Paribas’
distribution models.

Group Data Office and RISK
functions

This policy is only distributed
internally.
BNP Paribas publishes on its
website for its clients a “Data
Protection Notice(2)”. It is
available in 17 languages and has
several contact details to enable
dialogue.
Its purpose is to explain to the
clients how the Group processes
their personal data and how to
exercise their rights.

Group policy on the
protection of the
interests of clients

This policy defines the rules of BNP Paribas Group
organisation and conduct that
must be applied throughout the
relationship with the customer
and at all stages of the life
cycle of products and services.

Compliance function

This policy is only distributed
internally. A summary including
information on the protection of
the interests of clients is available
on the BNP Paribas website(3).

Interaction with stakeholders

(1) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/220204_bnpp_compliance_codeofconduct_2022_eng.pdf.
(2) https://group.bnpparibas/en/data‑protection.
(3) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/summary_of_global_policy_framework_of_bnp_paribas_pic_veng_nov_2021_1.pdf.

766

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Regarding the oversight processes, the policies presented in this
table are all subject to ongoing and periodic internal controls. The
Group policy on the protection of personal data is also monitored at
the level of the Group Data Office and RISK functions.
All of the policies mentioned in the table above are aligned with
internationally recognised frameworks applicable to consumers and
end‑users, including the United Nations Guiding Principles on
Business and Human Rights. Regarding its individual customers, the
right to privacy is recognised and integrated into the Group’s policy
on the protection of personal data and its internal procedures,
established in line with European regulations in this area, such as
the GDPR. BNP Paribas is not aware of any cases of non‑compliance
with the international principles mentioned above in connection with
its individual clients. In addition, BNP Paribas, as a financial
institution, does not identify any serious violations of fundamental
human rights of individual clients related to its activities.

■ information should be provided to customers throughout the

product or service lifecycle, when necessary;
■ the product or service must be easy to explain and be

understood by customers in the market for which the product
or service is intended;
■ answers to questions asked by customers must be provided as

quickly and as well as possible.
Each entity of the Group must:
■ comply with local regulations, in particular when they are more

restrictive than those of the Group;
■ implement an internal control system to ensure transparency of

information provided to customers and compliance with
applicable rules.
Each head of entity, depending on its organisation, is responsible for
implementing this process.

A Group‑level whistleblowing system, placed under the responsibility
of dedicated referents within the Compliance and Human Resources
functions, depending on the subject, can be activated by
BNP Paribas’ external stakeholders, through the “BNP Paribas
Whistleblowing Platform (1)”, accessible on the Group's website.

The protection of the interests of clients is the subject of training for
the employees concerned, in particular the teams in charge of
customer relations and management (see 2.d Taking action on
material impacts on consumers and end‑users).

The protection of whistleblowers against the risk of retaliation has
been strengthened by the French law No. 2022‑401 of 21 March
2022. Any person that needs to know of an alert during its
processing is formally committed to respecting the confidentiality of
the information relating to the whistleblowers and any person
involved. In addition, the Group guarantees the protection of
whistleblowers against the risk of retaliation, and any person
considering themselves the victim of retaliation may issue an alert
that will be dealt with according to the standards defined by the
Human Resources Department. This protection applies regardless of
the channel used by the whistleblower.

Customer satisfaction

2.B PROCESSES FOR ENGAGING WITH
CONSUMERS AND END‑USERS ABOUT
IMPACTS

As part of the Advocacy programme implemented since 2017, the
BNP Paribas Group deploys a system for listening to the voice of
customers on a broad and continuous basis, in all Domestic Markets,
the Europe‑Mediterranean perimeter and the specialised businesses,
within the CPBS and IPS divisions mentioned above.
This programme is based on:
■ a

multi‑channel survey system to collect customers’
perceptions at various times in their relationship with the Bank:

■

■

Transparent, clear and non‑misleading information
The policy for the protection of the interests of clients defines the
following general principles, for which each business line or entity of
the Group is responsible for the operational implementation:
■ the customer must have access to information that is fair,
honest, transparent, understandable and not misleading about
the products and services, both in form and content, and
regardless of the channel or format;
■ prior to the provision of a product or a service, the entity must

■

annual Net Promoter Score (NPS) benchmarks that measure
the level of recommendation of the Group’s customers and
compare it with the score of the competition, on many
aspects of the customer relationship,
relationship surveys set up by each entity: customers are
asked at least once a year to give their perception of their
relationship with the Bank,
transactional surveys carried out by entities following an
interaction between the customer and the Bank (a visit to a
branch or a call to the customer service) or a specific journey
(new client relationship, mortgage).

■ the consideration of spontaneous sources of expression from

what they are buying, including the features, pros and cons of
the product or service: any information that does not mention
the characteristics of a product or service in a balanced way
would be considered misleading,

customers such as complaints (discussed in the next
section 2.c. Processes to remediate negative impacts and
channels for consumers and end‑users to raise concerns) or
social media.

the details of what they are paying, i.e. the cost of products,
services and advice;

The results of the annual benchmarks are presented to each entity
and a consolidated view is shared with the Executive Committee of
CPBS and the Board of directors of BNP Paribas.

■

7

In addition to the NPS score and operational indicators
(conversion rate, duration, etc.), the entities also measure other
customer indicators (the Customer Effort Score), as well as
employees’ perceptions, in order to have the most in‑depth view
possible of customer journeys;

provide customers with all the information necessary to enable
them to understand:
■

7

(1) https://secure.ethicspoint.eu/domain/media/en/gui/110837/index.html

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

767

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

In addition, in each entity, the results of these annual benchmarks
complement those of the global customer listening system of the
entity. The lessons learned and the management of the topics to be
addressed are communicated to the highest operational level of
each entity (branch director, territory director, region director) to
prioritise corrective actions and monitor their implementation.
The Group has set itself the objective of improving, each year, the
positioning of its entities in comparison with their competitors in the
countries where they operate.
In 2024, in the four Domestic Markets (France, Belgium, Italy and
Luxembourg), 7.3 million surveys were sent by email to individual
customers with a return rate of 7%. In addition, nearly 850,000
returns were collected via direct surveys on digital channels (pop‑in,
pop‑up).

2.C PROCESSES TO REMEDIATE NEGATIVE
IMPACTS AND CHANNELS FOR
CONSUMERS AND END‑USERS TO RAISE
CONCERNS
Complaints management
The handling of complaints is a key element of the Group’s policy for
the protection of the interests of clients and is subject to precise
operational procedures. The policy for the protection of the interests
of clients defines the rules for handling complaints, for which each
business line or entity of the Group is responsible for the operational
implementation:
■ clients must be clearly informed of the complaint channel and

complaint handling process and, if applicable, the mediation
protocol. The ombudsman is independent of the operational
services, which offers guarantees to customers;

Regarding the Group’s positioning in the market:
■ 69% of the Group’s 13 banking entities serving individual

customers had an NPS score at or above the average of their
market in 2024 (compared to 62% in 2023 and 46% in 2018).
Nearly one in two entities was positioned above the NPS
average for its market (compared to 23% in 2018), which
represents the highest level reached since 2018;
■ the NPS score was up in half of retail banks in 2024, with

notable progress on the quality of the relationship with banking
advisors and the ease of use of digital interfaces (mobile
applications and websites);
■ in Private Banking, the NPS was clearly above the market in the

regularly informed of the progress of their complaints;
■ a response must be provided to the customer within a

maximum delay of two months;
■ complaints treatment cannot be charged.

Each entity must also:
■ ensure

that customer‑facing employees have
knowledge of the complaints handling process;

sufficient

■ monitor compliance with the rules for handling complaints;

three entities (BNP Paribas Private Banking, BNP Paribas Fortis
Private Banking, BNL‑BNP Paribas Private Banking), with a gap
of 10 to 24 points with the market. Clients recognise the
expertise, stability and availability of private bankers;

■ analyse the cause of complaints and the responses provided in

■ in 2024, BNP Paribas Personal Finance continued to deploy its

Many of the Group’s entities offer the services of independent
mediators, who can be used by customers. In France, in Italy and in
Belgium, customers can contact the national ombudsman services
organised by the relevant regulatory bodies. BNP Paribas Personal
Finance uses external ombudsmen in most countries. In France, an
independent ombudsman studies the requests and provides
proposed responses. Since 2022, BNP Paribas Cardif in France has
strengthened its relationship with the Insurance Ombudsman in
order to take into account the mediator’s perspective on the cases
that customers submit to it.

system for listening to the voice of customers and partners at
key moments in the customer relationship. This year, several
use cases based on the use of artificial intelligence were tested
to enhance the value of data from customer reviews;
■ BNP Paribas Cardif has included in its strategic plan a customer

NPS target for all the countries in which it operates. Systematic
listening and in‑depth analysis of customer needs and
expectations are implemented to ensure the continuous
improvement of insurance solutions and customer journeys.
With this objective, in 2024 BNP Paribas Cardif extended its
“Close The Loop” scheme to new countries, including Italy and
Spain, besides France. This complementary initiative consists of
calling back customers who have responded to a satisfaction
survey and given their prior consent to this process, in order to
deepen directly with them the understanding of possible
sources of dissatisfaction and the factors of satisfaction, and
thus to facilitate the identification of areas for improvement.

768

■ complaints must be acknowledged, and customers must be

order to inform quality improvement programmes. This allows
the Group to learn lessons in a logic of continuous
improvement.

Customer satisfaction
An individual remediation approach is implemented with customers
who have responded to a survey. Each customer must be called back
by an advisor upon receipt of their response (within a maximum of
five days), with priority given to dissatisfied customers. This
reminder provides a better understanding of customers’ perceptions
and the reasons for their opinion.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

When possible, an immediate solution is provided to the customer.
When the solution cannot be immediate, the agency or customer
relationship centre must implement corrective actions if the irritant
is at the local level (“Innerloop”) or forward it to the central teams if
it is a structural irritant whose resolution is not directly within the
control of the local level (“Outerloop”).
These customer events are recorded and processed through
management and steering tools. The Net Promoter System is mainly
operated via the Customer Feedback Management tool which allows
management of surveys, consultation of customer feedback in real
time, sharing of results throughout the entity and monitoring of
them via dashboards.
The Group learns from these remediations, enabling it to nurture a
continuous learning process. In each of the Group’s entities, the
Advocacy team regularly presents, with its General Management
and team managers, the customers’ main irritants and organises
their prioritisation and resolution along with the responsible
operational teams.

Social inclusion
To address the impact of ineligibility of certain individual clients for
some Group’s products and services due to the clients’ profile,
BNP Paribas develops specific offers, described in the following
section 2.d. Actions in favour of social inclusion.
BNP Paribas also relies on the same remediation processes as for
other individual clients, see previous sections on customer
satisfaction and transparent, clear and non‑misleading information
for complaint management.

2.D TAKING ACTION ON MATERIAL IMPACTS
ON CONSUMERS AND END‑USERS, AND
APPROACHES TO MANAGING MATERIAL
RISKS AND PURSUING MATERIAL
OPPORTUNITIES RELATED TO CONSUMERS
AND END‑USERS, AND EFFECTIVENESS OF
THOSE ACTIONS
BNP Paribas implements various actions to prevent, mitigate and
correct the impacts on its individual clients, manage material risks
and seize related material opportunities.

Transversal training actions
The Group deploys several training courses related to the protection
of the interests of clients, primarily training courses on the Code of
conduct (Conduct Journey) assigned to all employees. In its third
edition, it has been enriched with information on ethics alert
channels and with a new module on diversity, equity and inclusion.
All BNP Paribas employees must undergo a mandatory training on
the protection of personal data. Regular campaigns also favour
increased awareness of cyber risks and personal data breaches.

7

The “Sustainability Academy”, a training platform launched in 2022
by the Group, offers employees training on sustainable finance
topics, including social and financial inclusion. For more information,
see section 7.1.4 Own workforce, 2.d Taking action on material
impacts on own workforce, and approaches to mitigating material
risks and pursuing material opportunities related to own workforce,
and effectiveness of these actions.

Actions in favour of data privacy protection
Risk management process related to the protection of
personal data
BNP Paribas’ policy on the protection of personal data includes a
process for identifying, qualifying and assessing the risks related to
personal data processing activities impacting data subjects,
including individual clients.
The Group deploys a series of organisational and technical measures
to prevent and mitigate the risks associated with the processing of
personal data, including the risks related to the loss of confidential
personal data, their integrity and availability. In coherence with
article 32 of the GDPR regulation, these measures include:
■ pseudonymisation and encryption of personal data;
■ the ability to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, availability

and resilience of data processing systems and services;
■ the ability to restore availability of, and access to personal data,

within a reasonable period in the event of a physical or
technical incident.

Dedicated governance
Governance, based on a network of Chief Data Officers (from the
Group Data Office function, as the first line of defence) and Data
Protection Officers (from the RISK Function, as the second line of
defence), ensures the application of the personal data protection
framework for which they are responsible. This network is supported
by dedicated experts within the LEGAL function (second line of
defence). The functions of permanent and periodic control (third line
of defence) oversee the proper application of the data protection
framework and its effectiveness.

Channels for dialogue with individual customers
Firstly, the Group’s rules, in line with the GDPR regulation, prescribe
direct notification to data subjects concerned in the case of a data
breach. The affected persons are informed as soon as possible of
their rights and freedoms and can take the necessary measures to
protect themselves.

7

Individual clients may contact BNP Paribas at any time, directly or
through the data protection authorities, for any inquiries or
complaints regarding the processing of their personal data, including
through customer service. In addition, subcontractors of the Group’s
products and services must inform BNP Paribas of any request and
help to respond to it.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

769

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Channels that facilitate this interaction are described in the Data
protection notice (1) published on the Group’s website. This notice
also provides guidance on submitting complaints to data protection
authorities. Complaints are treated confidentially and securely, to
ensure access based solely on a need‑to‑know basis (2). The process
of dialogue with individual customers for the protection of personal
data is organised around the Chief Data Officers and Data Protection
Officers (DPO), who operate under the authority of the Chief Data
Officer and the Group Data Protection Officer, and act as protectors
of the personal data of data subjects. As members of the
autonomous control function RISK, the DPOs provide independent
supervision of the processing of requests.

Actions in favour of transparent, clear and
non‑misleading information and complaints
management

Periodic reporting is carried out by the Privacy and Personal Data
Protection Committees, chaired by the Chief Data Officer and the
Group Data Protection Officer. These Committees ensure that this
dialogue with individual customers for the protection of personal
data takes place and that these results support the company’s
approach.

These actions are described earlier in section 2.c Processes to
remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers and
end‑users to raise concerns. Individual clients are informed of the
existing complaints process and mediation protocol, both in public
reception sites and on the internet.

Ad hoc reports can be done at the level of the Board of directors.

Continuous improvement process
In 2024, BNP Paribas consolidated its network of data protection
specialists, integrated into all territories and activities, and has
pursued its missions of applying data privacy principles and
increasing continuously the degree of maturity in terms of personal
data protection.
The effectiveness of the processes for remediating complaints from
data subjects is monitored through both permanent (via the control
functions) and periodic (via audits) controls. Also, as far as there is a
remediation legal obligation related to personal data, these
processes are also monitored by the data protection and judicial
authorities. The processing of requests from data subjects, including
individual clients, is regulated by the data protection authorities and
contact information is made available in the event that the
concerned data subjects believe that there are grounds to make a
complaint.
Lessons are learned from both data breach cases and interactions
with data subjects to improve channels of dialogue and prevent and
mitigate future impacts. If necessary, additional exchanges with the
concerned persons are undertaken in order to better meet their
requests or to gather additional information, thus ensuring the most
relevant and appropriate response.

Transparent, clear and non‑misleading information
These actions are described earlier in the section 2.b. Processes for
engaging with consumers and end‑users about impacts. In addition,
specific actions are carried out according to the needs identified by
individual customers, such as the formalisation of guidelines on the
drafting of commercial documents or on best practices to avoid
greenwashing.

Complaints management

A customer who has made a complaint must obtain an
acknowledgement of receipt from BNP Paribas within ten working
days. Customers are regularly informed of the progress of their
request and a response must be provided within two months, unless
more restrictive local regulations are required.
Complaints management teams are operational teams of the
business lines. The Compliance Function ensures that the complaint
management system is in place and complies with the Group’s
standards and local regulations.

Continuous improvement process
A process of analysis of the causes of the complaints received and
the solutions provided feeds the Group’s continuous improvement
effort. Quantitative and qualitative information concerning
complaints is regularly transmitted to the General Management.

Actions in favour of customer satisfaction
To better understand and meet the expectations of its customers, the
Group has developed a specific organisation based on several tools
and aimed at remediating the material impact identified on this
theme of customer satisfaction.
In each operating entity of the Group, an Advocacy team is in charge
of the Net Promoter System and ensures its proper functioning and
the corresponding follow‑up. As such, the Advocacy team:
■ is

responsible for standards and methodologies in the
implementation of the NPS system;

■ communicates NPS survey results and the monitoring of

customer irritants regularly across their entity;
■ participates in the internal decision‑making bodies of the

entities to carry the voice of customers in the choices of
evolution and improvement of commercial processes and
customer journeys.

(1) https://group.bnpparibas/en/data‑protection
(2) The concept of “need‑to‑know” is an information security principle that states that access to certain sensitive information should be limited only to the persons who need it to
perform their specific tasks.

770

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The team must also lead the “Outerloop” stage (described in the
customer satisfaction paragraph of the section 2.c. Processes to
remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers and
end‑users to raise concerns) in close collaboration with the
Customer Journeys and Design teams, consisting of:
■ gathering all available customer feedback (from surveys,

complaints, social networks, etc.);
■ conducting an in‑depth analysis to identify key irritants and

their causes;
■ organising the prioritisation and resolution of these irritants

with the operational teams in charge.

Actions in favour of social inclusion, through
financial inclusion
Social inclusion is one of the five priority areas of the Sustainability
pillar of the BNP Paribas strategic plan. The Group contributes to
social inclusion through offers supporting financial inclusion, which
is a step towards social inclusion. These offers allow certain
categories of the population that are distant from banking offers to
access means of payment and financial or insurance services.
BNP Paribas thus provides them with the means to participate more
actively in economic and social life.
These financial inclusion actions are carried out for two types of
beneficiaries:
■ direct beneficiaries, through Nickel’s offers;
■ indirect

beneficiaries, through
microfinance institutions (MFIs).

BNP Paribas’

financing

of

Nickel
Nickel, a subsidiary of the Group present in five European countries
(France, Spain, Belgium, Portugal, Germany), offers payment
solutions accessible to all, without means testing, directly online or
through physical distribution channels such as tobacconists. With
the opening of an account with an IBAN and an unconditional
payment card, Nickel allows everyone, including people who have
been banned from banking, to pay, to be paid and to have home
insurance accessible online.
By simplifying the conditions for access to a current account, Nickel
contributes to the socio‑professional inclusion of as many people as
possible – having access to a bank account is now an essential
condition for accessing everyday goods and services, as well as a
paid job. According to the impact report published in 2023 by
Nickel (1), 77% of customers have an income of less than EUR 1,500
per month, 30% are unemployed, without regular income or living on
benefits and 30% have no home address. For 28% of them, Nickel is
the first current account they open in their lives. At the end of 2024,
Nickel had reached more than 4.3 million accounts opened since its
creation, an increase of more than 706,000 accounts in one year.

7

Microfinance institutions
For 35 years, BNP Paribas has been committed to inclusive finance
by directly and indirectly financing microfinance institutions through
various levers: direct financing, investment in financial inclusion
funds and distribution of savings products dedicated to microfinance.
At the end of 2024, BNP Paribas’ direct support for microfinance
reached EUR 468.8 million in loans and investments to 22 MFIs in
13 countries. At the end of September 2024, this represented almost
700,000 active beneficiaries (from the partner MFIs) indirectly
supported by BNP Paribas.
New credit commitments were made to these institutions in 2024,
particularly in countries where the Group has a significant presence
such as Morocco, India, Indonesia and Brazil.
Since 2021, the use of the MESIS (Social Impact Measurement and
Monitoring) methodology allows measurement of the social
performance of partner MFIs. This analysis is published in the form
of an annual report and tracks key data on the impact of the MFIs’
activities.

Effectiveness of actions related to identified
impacts
The actions described above, by theme (transparent, clear and
non‑misleading information, customer satisfaction and social
inclusion), and transversal ones (training actions), make it possible
to prevent, mitigate and correct the identified impacts of
BNP Paribas on its individual clients.
Through the monitoring of complaints, NPS and the deployment of
offers aimed at financial inclusion, the Group follows and evaluates
the ability of these actions to produce the expected results for
individual customers.
The Group also ensures that processes are in place to remediate any
material negative impacts as well as the effectiveness of their
implementation and results, as described above, for example, with
regard to the rules on response times to customers who are
dissatisfied or have made a complaint.
Regarding the protection of personal data, negative impacts on data
subjects, including marketing practices or data use, are avoided
through the internal risk management system put in place by
BNP Paribas, in line with personal data protection regulations (GDPR
and ePrivacy Regulation and national regulations in the countries
where BNP Paribas operates). This risk management process related
to the protection of personal data is the cornerstone of the Group’s
system for evaluating each process and each data processing in the
light of compliance with the GDPR and the Group’s policy on the
protection of personal data, considering current or planned
protection measures. This system also allows the implementation of
the measures previously mentioned in section 2.d Actions in favour
of data privacy protection, such as pseudonymisation and encryption
of personal data.

7

As previously described, the Group’s Code of conduct promotes the
highest ethical standards in terms of personal data protection.
BNP Paribas commits to never selling its customers’ personal data
to its business relationships.

(1) https://nickel.eu/fr/communique‑presse/premier‑rapport‑dimpact (in French)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

771

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

3.

METRICS AND TARGETS

3.A METRICS AND TARGETS RELATED TO
OPPORTUNITIES
As part of its strategic plan, the Group has set itself a quantified
target in terms of social inclusion: to serve 6 million beneficiaries of
products and services supporting financial inclusion by 2025. This
indicator is included in BNP Paribas’ CSR dashboard (see 7.1.1
General Disclosures, 2.a Strategy, business model and value chain).
This target echoes the objectives of the Code of conduct policy, its
theme no. 7 (“Involvement with Society”, sub‑theme “Contributing to
a more inclusive society”) being defined as follows: “the Group also
strives to pay particular attention to customers in vulnerable
situations and to facilitate their access through the development of
adapted and accessible financial products and services. BNP Paribas
Group employees must ensure that they take into account the social
impact of their activities.”

772

The indicator consists of the number of Nickel accounts opened
since the creation and number of beneficiaries of microloans
distributed by microfinance institutions financed by the Group (pro
rata to the financing) between 1 October of the previous year and
30 September of the current year.
The methodology for calculating the indicator has been stable since
its first appearance in the Group’s CSR dashboard in 2022.
Nickel’s development plan, as well as internal projection’s work on
the number of beneficiaries of the MFIs supported, have enabled this
target to be set.
Thanks to the strong development of this inclusive offer, the Group
reached five million beneficiaries of products and services
supporting financial inclusion at the end of 2024, thus contributing
to social inclusion.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

7.1.6 BUSINESS CONDUCT
BNP Paribas presents below the Group’s business conduct
frameworks, including anticorruption and interest representation, as
well as the other non‑compliance risks covered in this chapter
(financial security, market integrity and cybersecurity).
Strategy: On these various subjects, the Group’s strategy is
determined by the impacts, risks and opportunities (IRO) identified
by the double materiality assessment. IRO related to business
conduct and other topics related to non‑compliance risks are
presented in section 1. Management of impacts, risks, opportunities.
Policies: BNP Paribas describes the policies in place to manage
material impacts, risks and opportunities in connection with
business conduct and other matters related to non‑compliance risks
in section 1.a Corporate culture and business conduct policies.
Actions: The Group describes the actions aimed at mitigating
impacts and risks related to business conduct and other matters
related to non‑compliance risks.

Metrics and Targets: BNP Paribas presents the following metrics
related to business conduct and other matters related to
non‑compliance risks:
■ the percentage of high‑risk functions covered by training

programmes on corruption and bribery;
■ the

number of convictions and fines for violations of
anticorruption legislation and acts of corruption;

■ cybersecurity metrics.

With the exception of cybersecurity, for which the Group’s Cyber
Programme has defined targets, the other topics presented in this
chapter are not suitable for the definition of targets or annual action
plans. Indeed, the management of these risks is part of the overall
operational risk management framework involving, in all Group
entities, a periodic risk assessment and a portfolio of improvements
and corrective actions that is constantly evolving and adapted to
each entity.

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

773

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

1.

IMPACT, RIKS AND OPPORTUNITIES MANAGEMENT

Through the double materiality assessment carried out by the Group and described in chapter 7.1.1 General Disclosures, 3.a Description of the
processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities, BNP Paribas has identified several material impacts, risks and
opportunities (IRO) related to business conduct:

➤ TABLE NO. 45: SUMMARY OF LINKS BETWEEN MATERIAL IRO AND POLICIES, ACTIONS, METRICS AND TARGETS
Category

Title of the material IRO

Policies

Risks

Legal and reputational
■ Global Anti‑Money
risks related to corruption Laundering and
or influence peddling
Counter‑Terrorist

Financing (AML‑CTF)
Policy

■ BNP Paribas

whistleblowing framework
group procedure

■ Gifts & Invitations

Procedure

■ Global Anticorruption

Actions

Metrics

Targets

■ Know Your Client

■ Percentage of

N/A

■ Anti‑Money Laundering

and Counter‑Terrorist
Financing / Activity
monitoring

■ Suspicious Activity

Reporting

■ Negative News

functions‑at‑risk covered
by training programmes
on corruption and bribery

■ Number of convictions

and amount of fines for
violation of anticorruption
and anti‑bribery laws

■ Relationship Screening
■ Transaction Filtering

Policy

■ Group Conflicts of Interest

Policy

■ Code of conduct

Risks

Legal and/or reputational ■ Responsible
risks related to
Representation Charter
controversial lobbying
■ Procedure for the
activities

■ Authorisation procedure,

N/A

N/A

■ Know Your Client

N/A

N/A

internal reporting,
certificates

representation of interests
Sapin II

Risks

Legal risks related to
failure to identify
suspicious customer
activity

■ Global Anti‑Money

Laundering and
Counter‑Terrorist
Financing (AML‑CTF)
Policy

■ Global Sanctions Policy
■ Know Your Client - Global

Policy

■ Global Policy on

Protecting Market
Integrity

Risks
Risks

Risks

774

■ Anti‑Money Laundering

and Counter‑Terrorist
Financing / Activity
monitoring

■ Suspicious Activity

Reporting

■ Negative News
■ Relationship Screening
■ Transaction Filtering

Operational risks
■ Cybersecurity Framework ■ Framework requirements ■ Cyber Panoramas
generated by cyberattacks
translated into actions
■ Cyber Trust 25
■ Cyber Trust 25 Steering
and action plans
Committees
Reputational risks
generated by
■ Cyber Trust 25 Ambitions
cyberattacks
Legal risks
generated by
cyberattacks

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

■ Targeted

maturity by
Entity within
the Cyber
Programme

■ Objectives of

the Cyber
Trust 25
ambitions

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

1.A CORPORATE CULTURE AND BUSINESS CONDUCT POLICIES
Summary of the Group’s policies relating to business conduct
The table below summarises the main policies applicable to the entire BNP Paribas Group to manage the impacts, risks and opportunities
related to business conduct.

➤ TABLE NO. 46: SUMMARY OF THE GROUP’S POLICIES RELATING TO BUSINESS CONDUCT
Description of the most senior level of
Description of the scope of the organisation accountable for
the policy or its exclusions implementing the policy

Politics

Description of the content of the policy

Code of conduct

The Code of conduct sets out the rules of
conduct that apply to all activities and
employees of the Group.

BNP Paribas Group

BNP Paribas Group General
Management

The Code of conduct is
available on the Group’s
intranet and on the
BNP Paribas website.
It is available in 20
languages.

BNP Paribas
whistleblowing
framework group
procedure

This procedure presents the framework put in BNP Paribas Group
place within the Group to enable Employees and
certain External Third Parties to report safely,
and under the conditions laid down by the
regulations, actual or suspected violations of
laws or rules of the Group Code of conduct.

Two Chief Operating Officers
of the BNP Paribas Group

This policy is circulated
internally, and a summary is
available on the Group’s
website.

Gifts & Invitations
Procedure

This procedure establishes the rules that Group BNP Paribas Group
Employees must comply with as regards Gifts
and Invitations

Two Chief Operating Officers
of the BNP Paribas Group

This policy is circulated
internally.

This policy aims at:

BNP Paribas Group

Two Chief Operating Officers
of the BNP Paribas Group

This policy is circulated
internally.

Global
This policy states BNP Paribas Senior
BNP Paribas Group
Anticorruption Policy Management’s expectations regarding all
employees’ roles in actively fighting corruption
and influence peddling and in their prevention
and detection.

Two Chief Operating Officers
of the BNP Paribas Group

This policy is circulated
internally.

Global Anti‑Money This policy is the foundation of the Bank’s Anti BNP Paribas Group
Laundering and
Money Laundering- Counter‑Terrorist Financing
Counter‑Terrorist
framework.
Financing (AML‑CTF)
Policy

Two Chief Operating Officers
of the BNP Paribas Group

This policy is circulated
internally.

Global Sanctions
Policy

This policy establishes minimum principles,
BNP Paribas Group
standards, internal processes, and controls
designed to limit BNPP’s exposure to risks
associated with violations of Sanctions laws and
regulatory requirements and the risk of
conducting business with sanctioned parties.

Two Chief Operating Officers
of the BNP Paribas Group

This policy is circulated
internally.

Know Your Client Global Policy

This policy defines the due diligence standards BNP Paribas Group
of the BNP Paribas Group (BNPP) regarding
client’s knowledge, risk assessment and
decision‑making.

Two Chief Operating Officers
of the BNP Paribas Group

This policy is circulated
internally.

Group Conflicts of
Interest Policy

■ explaining the conflicts of interest topics

Interaction with stakeholders

in the context of the Group’s activities,
and more generally in a business context;

■ outlining the Group principles for

identifying, preventing and managing
situations of conflicts of interest.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

775

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Description of the most senior level of
Description of the scope of the organisation accountable for
the policy or its exclusions implementing the policy

Politics

Description of the content of the policy

Global Policy on
Protecting Market
Integrity

This policy is the reference for the Market
BNP Paribas Group
Integrity Domain. The Policy addresses different
regulatory issues, in particular:

Interaction with stakeholders

Two Chief Operating Officers
of the BNP Paribas Group

This policy is circulated
internally.

■ market abuses issues;
■ conflicts of interests issues;
■ requirements of Markets in Financial

Instruments Directive 2 (MIFID II) linked to
market integrity;

■ benchmarks regulation and IOSCO

principles;

■ Forex rules (Forex Global Code);
■ transparency rules (threshold crossings),

short‑selling and reporting.

Responsible
Representation
Charter

Adopted in 2012 by the Executive Committee,
BNP Paribas Group
this charter frames the relations of BNP Paribas
employees with the public authorities and the
Group’s representation practices. It includes a
series of core commitments including integrity,
transparency, governance and social
responsibility

BNP Paribas Group General
Management

The charter is available on
the BNP Paribas website(1).
It is available in French and
English.

Representation of
interests Sapin II
Procedure

In line with the Charter for Responsible
BNP Paribas Group
Representation, the procedure provides a
framework for the relations of BNP Paribas
employees with the French public authorities,
within the framework defined by Title II of the
Sapin II law relating to the transparency of
relations between interest representatives and
public authorities.

Institutional Affairs
Department

This policy is circulated
internally.

Cybersecurity
Framework

More broadly integrated into the Group’s ICT(2) BNP Paribas Group
and cyber risk management reference
framework.
It consists of a set of documents (policies,
norms, and standards) that define the basic
requirements for cybersecurity.

Group CISO(3)

This set of policies, norms
and standards is circulated
internally

Cyber Trust 25

Cybersecurity strategy defined to support
BNP Paribas’ digital transformation.
It is based on 5 pillars:

Cybersecurity teams Group CISO
of the Group Entities
(“Cyber Filière”)

■ acting responsibly towards clients and

regulators;

■ being a cyber reference in the market to

be trustworthy and attract talent;

■ accelerating transformation and

innovation;

■ being a pleasant place to work by building

on our corporate social responsibility
ambitions;

■ ensuring zero digital waste based on the

needs and risks of the company.

(1) https://group.bnpparibas/en/responsible‑representation‑with‑respect‑to‑the‑public‑authorities.
(2) Information and Communication Technologies.
(3) Chief Information Security Officer.

776

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

The ambitions identified in
each of the strategic pillars
are circulated to the entire
Cyber Filière

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The policies described are subject to a monitoring process as
specified in chapter 2 Corporate governance and internal control,
2.4 Internal control.
Compliance with the highest ethical standards is a prerequisite for
BNP Paribas. All Group employees are required to strictly comply
with the laws, directives and regulations in force in all areas as well
as the professional standards and internal policies that apply to
their activities. In the event of a potential conflict between a
country’s legislation and BNP Paribas’ ethical rules, employees are
required to comply with applicable local laws if they are more
restrictive, while seeking ways to apply and comply with internal
ethical rules.
Compliance with these rules, as detailed in the Code of conduct, is
essential to the preservation of the Group’s reputation and the trust
placed in it by its customers and partners.

The Code of conduct
The Code of conduct, which is binding on all employees and in all
the Group’s business lines, governs the actions of each employee
and guides decisions at all levels of the organisation. Published in
2016 and expanded in 2022 and 2024, it has been translated into 20
languages and is published on (1) the Group’s website.

The fight against corruption, money laundering and
terrorist financing
BNP Paribas maintains frameworks for detecting money laundering
and terrorist financing operations in all its entities, which are based
on standards and controls, on the employee vigilance, maintained
through mandatory training programmes, and constantly evolving
digital tools.
A strengthened framework for the prevention and detection of
corruption and influence peddling is also implemented (see
section 1.b. The prevention and detection of corruption and bribery
below).

Respect for market integrity
BNP Paribas’ market activities, on behalf of its clients or on its own
account, are strictly governed by frameworks dedicated to the
prevention and detection of market abuse and the management of
sensitive information and conflicts of interest.

The fight against tax evasion

■ customer interest;

Comprehensive compliance with tax obligations is part of the
Group’s commitments to corporate and social responsibility. The tax
compliance of the Group’s and its clients’ operations is therefore a
major objective of its governance. To this end, principles and
procedures have been defined applicable to all operations in which
the Group is a stakeholder. These elements are included in the
BNP Paribas Tax Code of conduct (2), of which the latest version was
published in June 2023.

■ financial security;

Protection of clients’ interests

■ market integrity;

The protection of clients’ interests is a major concern for the Group.
For this reason, the Group has decided to place this topic at the core
of the Code of conduct and is a specific Expertise Domain within the
Compliance Function (see chapter 7.1.5 Consumers and end‑users).

It presents the rules of conduct to be shared and applied in different
areas:

■ conflicts of interest;
■ professional ethics;
■ respect for colleagues;

7

The Whistleblowing framework

■ Group protection;
■ commitment to society;
■ fight against corruption.

The Group Conduct Committee (GCC) ensures and supervises the
execution and improvement of the conduct framework within the
Group and facilitates the sharing of best practices on conduct
matters.
A survey launched at the end of 2023 among the Group’s employees
confirmed their high level of adherence to the values and behaviours
defined in the Code of conduct as well as a good knowledge of the
channels enabling them to raise alerts (see The whistleblowing
framework below).

Conduct Risk Management
All topics covered in the Code of conduct are subject to policies and
procedures that set out rules and processes specific to each type of
risk.
These rules and processes are part of the Group’s general internal
control framework, which defines in particular the principles of risk
assessment, controls, the detection and treatment of incidents, the
monitoring of corrective actions and the information of Management
(see chapter 2 Corporate governance, 2.4 Internal control and
chapter 5 Risks and capital adequacy – pillar 3, 5.9 Operational Risk).

The BNP Paribas Whistleblowing framework is governed by a
Group‑level procedure in accordance with the French Sapin II law on
“transparency, the fight against corruption and the modernisation of
the economy” and applies to all Group entities in compliance with
local regulations.
Every Group employee has the right to alert in the event of a crime
or offence, or threat or harm to the public interest, or a violation or
an attempt to conceal a violation of an international norm ratified by
France, of a unilateral act of an international organisation adopted
on the basis of such norm, or of European Union law or any law or
regulation, a breach of the Group Code of conduct or of Group
policies and procedures. This right must be exercised in good faith
and without direct financial consideration.

7

The Group’s Whistleblowing framework, in accordance with the
Waserman law, is also open to external third parties, in particular to
former Group employees, and to suppliers and subcontractors, for
reporting information obtained in the context of work‑related
activities in the Group.

(1) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/220204_bnpp_compliance_codeofconduct_2022_eng.pdf
(2) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/bnpparibas_compliance_code_of_tax_conduct_2023.pdf

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

777

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The Group Whistleblowing procedural framework presents the
different Whistleblowing Channels available to employees and
external third parties, the conditions to be met when raising an
alert, the rules for processing an alert and the protection granted to
Whistleblowers against any retaliation.

The Referents are responsible for implementing these rules and for
complying with applicable laws and regulations regarding the
processing, storage and retention of personal data collected in a
Whistleblowing report.

The Group Whistleblowing framework relies on the following pillars:

The processing of Whistleblowing reports is governed by procedures
or collective agreements that define each step for handling reports
and specify special rules on protection and confidentiality.

Independent and protected communication channels
open to employees and external third parties
Compliance and Group Human Resources share responsibility for the
BNPP Whistleblowing framework according to the nature of the
alert. Human Resources receive and process alerts relating to
respect for people, Compliance receives and processes other types of
alerts.
Employees and External third parties can raise an alert securely via
an external system available (BNP Paribas Whistleblowing
Platform) (1) and operated by an external provider through an online
form or a dedicated hotline (available depending on the country due
to local specificities/regulations).
Employees wishing to report an alert can also approach their
management, Human Resources or Compliance.
In addition, there is a specific communication channel for alerts on
breaches of financial sanctions and embargoes.
Each Whistleblowing channel is under the responsibility of
specifically appointed employees, the HR Conduct Referent “Respect
des Personnes” or Compliance Whistleblowing Referents according
to the topics. These Referents are committed to respecting the
confidentiality rules and ensuring an impartial and independent
handling of each alert.
The methods for raising and handling an alert comply with local
rules.

Processing of Whistleblowing reports

As soon as an alert is deemed admissible, it is analysed and, if
necessary, an investigation is carried out independently with the
required expertise. A specific timeframe has to be applied for
processing Whistleblowing cases and informing the Whistleblower at
each step of the process (acknowledgement of receipt, confirmation
of admissibility and closure after investigation), unless there is a
legitimate impediment linked to the anonymity of the alert.

Employees’ awareness
All Group employees are made aware of the Code of conduct and of
the Whistleblowing framework in the mandatory Conduct Journey
training.
This framework and the methods for using it are also communicated
at central, regional and local levels of the Group’s organisation, in
particular on intranet sites.

Controls
The Whistleblowing framework is subject to generic control plans
designed to check the access to Whistleblowing channels and to
ensure that the rules for processing whistleblowing alerts are
respected.

Reporting to the General Management and Board of
directors

Whistleblowing reports are systematically processed with
confidentiality. Anonymous reports are processed unless this is not
authorised by local regulations.

A comprehensive and detailed reporting on the quantitative and
qualitative analysis of alerts (i.e. number of alerts and remedial
measures, etc.) is produced and presented at least annually to the
Group Executive Committee and to the Board of directors of
BNP Paribas SA.

Protection of Whistleblowers and Confidentiality

Training

An alert may be expressed in all the languages used by the Group.

No employee who raised an alert in good faith may be disciplined,
dismissed or discriminated against, directly or indirectly, with regard
notably to recruitment, remuneration, promotion, training,
assignment or redeployment. The same protection applies to
employees having borne witness to the case and having provided
information for the investigation.
The Whistleblowing framework guarantees the confidentiality of the
identity of the Whistleblowers and any persons mentioned, including
the targeted person(s), and of the information collected in the report
and during the investigation.

The topics covered by the Code of conduct are integrated into a
training programme called Conduct Journey., The Conduct Journey
develops on the fundamental rules of the Code of conduct, highlights
the behaviours expected of employees in terms of conduct, as well
as in the detection and handling of situations of misconduct.
The programme’s content (13 modules) is delivered in a two‑year
cycle to ensure continuous pedagogical progress. X Employees
complete a different set of modules each year (except for the
“Financial Security” course, which is annual). The modules are
reviewed and adapted annually to ensure content is up‑to‑date and
aligned to the Group’s priorities.
New employees must complete all 13 modules of the Conduct
Journey when they join the Group.

(1) https://secure.ethicspoint.eu/domain/media/en/gui/110837/index.html

778

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

➤ TABLE NO. 47: CONDUCT JOURNEY TRAINING
Target
Content

All Group employees
Topics covered in the Code of conduct:
■ Importance of Conduct and the “speak up” culture;
■ Fighting corruption;
■ Financial security;
■ Conflicts of interest;
■ Protecting interests of clients;
■ Confidential information;
■ Involvement with society;
■ Respect for people;
■ Diversity, equity and inclusion;
■ Communicate responsibly;
■ Cybersecurity;
■ Data protection;
■ Competition law.

Type of training

E‑learning

Duration

3 hours (13 modules spread over a two‑year period)

Completion rate in 2024 (as of 13/01/2025)

98.1%

1.B PREVENTION AND DETECTION
OF CORRUPTION AND BRIBERY
The BNP Paribas Group has implemented a global framework to
prevent and detect corruption and influence peddling (“corruption”).
Designed in compliance with the French Sapin II law and in light of
the best international practices - such as the French Anticorruption
Agency guidelines, the UK Bribery Act and the U.S Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act – the Anti‑Bribery and Corruption (ABC) programme is
described in a Global Anticorruption Policy and updated in view of
corruption risk assessment results.

Description of the anti‑bribery and corruption
programme
The ABC programme applies to all BNP Paribas entities, and consists
of the following measures and policies:

Risk assessment methodology enables a granular evaluation of
corruption risks based on scenarii assessed by the business
lines and functions, and their prioritisation (through risk
factors), as well as action plans to address corruption risks;
■ the Group Code of conduct (available in 20 languages), prefaced

by the Group Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the
Board of directors, includes an Addendum dedicated to the
prevention, detection and fight against corruption and influence
peddling, providing illustrations of prohibited situations or that
should raise the attention of employees when encountered.
Policies associated with the Anticorruption Addendum to the
Group Code of conduct - on gifts and invitations (2), lobbying,
conflict of interests, philanthropy, partnership, sponsorship and
related donations - are also available and provide guidance to
employees on how to manage corruption risks in these
situations;

Group
Chief
Executive
Officer
anticorruption
statement (1) confirming BNP Paribas' zero tolerance for
corruption and influence peddling. BNP Paribas senior
management oversees the deployment of the ABC programme,
notably by validating the Group ABC report on corruption risk
assessment;

■ a whistleblowing framework: BNPP employees have access to

■ governance, supervised by a dedicated team at Group level, in

Know Your Intermediary processes, etc.): Group policies
establish due diligence requirements on clients (including on
Politically Exposed Persons), intermediaries, suppliers or other
types of third parties. This set up enables the identification and
management of counterparts most exposed to the specific risk
of corruption (such relationships are subject to specific
mitigation measures). Finally, a tool to analyse adverse
information related to third parties is deployed throughout the
Group, accessible to all employees through the Group intranet;

■ the

charge of the design and the coordination of ABC programme
and supervision of the international ABC correspondents’
network, present in all business lines and functions of the
Group;
■ a corruption risk assessment: Risks of corruption and influence

peddling are assessed on a regular basis, and results are
presented to the BNP Paribas Group management body in its
executive function for approval, and to the Board of directors.

7

whistleblowing channels at Group level in different languages
to report any breach of the Anticorruption Addendum to the
Group Code of conduct. A whistleblowing channel has also been
open to external third parties;
■ due diligence processes on third parties (Know Your Client,

(1) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/declaration_zero_tolerance_jan_2022_en.pdf
(2) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/exec_summary_bnpp_gi_procedure_v_en_review_ep_june_2024.pdf

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

779

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

■ controls to manage corruption risks: BNP Paribas control

framework is organised around 3 lines of defence, with the
business/front responsible for the first line of defence,
Functions such as Compliance, RISK, Finance responsible for the
second line of defence, and Inspection Générale (third line of
defence) performing periodic audits including on ABC topics.
Controls (including accounting one) to mitigate corruption risks
are identified in light of risk mapping scenarii, at Group and
local level, and include verifications regarding major
ABC‑related policies and risks. Finally, analysis of incidents
associated with corruption, whose results are presented to
senior management, is performed quarterly at Group level. All
together, controls and key indicators enable to monitor the ABC
programme and to address negative results with
recommendations or action plan;
■ training

and
“Training”;

awareness‑raising

campaigns:

See

peddling involving a BNP Paribas employee is investigated by a
specific and independent Committee of the management chain
involved and sanctioned if confirmed.

Training
The Anti‑Bribery and Corruption training consists of 4 modules:

Mandatory training for employees most exposed to the risks
of corruption: ABC Most Exposed.
The most exposed employees must follow a specific training
(ABC Most Exposed), adapted to the specificities of their
activities and roles, as long as they hold these roles.
Concerned activities and roles are identified based on the
anticorruption risk map - roles in interaction with third
parties or working in high‑risk activities (sales, purchasing,
recruitment, for example) and/or involved in the
implementation of the anticorruption framework (senior
managers and anticorruption correspondents in particular).
This advanced training is designed for:
■
■

below

■ disciplinary regime: Any suspicion of corruption or influence

I.

II.

the entire target population every other year,
employees considered as most exposed for the first time,
the following year.

III. An ACAMS (Association of Certified Anti‑Money Laundering
Specialists) certificate dedicated to the fight against
corruption is offered to anticorruption correspondents within
Compliance since 2023;
IV.

Training for the Group’s Board of directors.

Board members benefit from a dedicated training session on
anticorruption and financial security every other year (the last one
took place in September 2023).

Mandatory training for all Group employees: Anticorruption
Module of the Conduct Journey;

➤ TABLE NO. 48: FIGHT AGAINST BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION AND FINANCIAL SECURITY TRAININGS
Anti‑Bribery and Corruption – Most Exposed Employees

Certificate “Anticorruption - Advanced”

Target

2023: All the Group’s most exposed
employees
2024: Newcomers

Identified population required to be
certified

Directors of BNPP SA

Subject

Presentation of the BNP Paribas Group’s
global anticorruption framework.
Illustrations aimed at detecting cases of
corruption during daily activities with the
various stakeholders.

Presentation of:
(i) different typologies of corruption
and associated regulations;
(ii) warning signals and measures aimed
at managing, controlling and reporting
the risks of corruption.

Presentation of regulatory evolutions and
the Group’s governance in terms of
Financial Security and the fight against
corruption.

Type of training

E‑learning

E‑learning

Face‑to‑face

Duration

40 minutes

11 Hours

1.5 hour

Frequency

Every other year: the whole target/
newcomers

One‑off

Every two years

Completion rate in
2024 (as of
13/01/2025)

2023: 97.7%
2024: 96.9%

99.3%

92.9%

Anti‑bribery and corruption Metrics
BNP Paribas S.A has not been the subject of any convictions or fines
for violating anticorruption law in the last five years.

780

Financial Security – Formation of the Board of directors
of BNPP

Training

All corruption incidents are considered in a general analysis to
determine corrective actions at the framework level (see the
Anticorruption controls paragraph in section 1.b Prevention and
detection of corruption and bribery in this chapter).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

1.C POLITICAL INFLUENCE AND LOBBYING
ACTIVITIES
BNP Paribas engages with the public authorities in the greatest
respect of the principles of ethics and transparency. In 2012, its
Executive Committee adopted a “Charter for Responsible
Representation with respect to the Public Authorities”, which
includes a series of fundamental commitments in terms of integrity,
transparency, social responsibility and respect for the universal
democratic values. In particular, it states that “BNP Paribas carries
out its representation activities in line with its global approach and
its public commitments relating to the environment and climate
change, in particular its support for the objectives of the Paris
Agreement”.
Created at the end of 2012, the Institutional Affairs Department is
responsible for ensuring, on behalf of the General Management, the
coherence of the positions defended on Group‑level issues. It brings
together Prudential Affairs, Recovery and Resolution, Relations with
the ECB and European and French Public Affairs.
BNP Paribas conducts its interest representation with particular
attention to measures relating to prudential requirements and issues
affecting its competitiveness in this area, compared to its
international competitors.
On these topics, the objective is to ensure that the regulations
applicable to its activities strike the right balance between the

2.

7

imperatives of financial stability and the development of a
competitive European banking sector, at the service of the economy.
Operational feasibility and implementation cost control are also at
the core of concerns. It is under these conditions that BNP Paribas
can fully contribute to the financing of the economy and the
strategic autonomy of the EU, while meeting the client’s needs in the
best possible way.
In order to ensure that representation activities are consistent with
public communication on impacts, risks and opportunities, the
Group’s positions are validated within a dedicated governance.
BNP Paribas has memberships with federations and professional
associations. However, pursuant to the rules defined by the Group,
these are not allowed to make any political donations in the name of
BNP Paribas. These third‑party associations have numerous
subscribers, and BNP Paribas does not control them. They have a
legal capacity to act independently and may perform actions in
which BNP Paribas is not concerned.
Finally, BNP Paribas is registered in the register of interest
representatives managed by the High Authority for Transparency in
Public Life (HATVP) (Registration number: N/A), in the EU
Transparency Register (registration number: 78787381113‑69), in the
Lobby Register of the Bundestag in Germany (registration number:
R001771), and in the register of the Belgian Parliament (registration
number: N/A).

ADDITIONAL ENTITY SPECIFIC INFORMATION
in compliance with national and international regulations, as well as
with best practices and recommendations from the competent
authorities.

2.A MARKET INTEGRITY AND FINANCIAL
SECURITY
Market Integrity
Open and transparent markets are essential for economic
development. The BNP Paribas Group is committed to helping
maintain and preserve market integrity.
The market integrity programme is designed in strict compliance
with regulations and is based on the following pillars:
■ operational policies and procedures;

The Group has set up an internal framework to ensure the treatment
process and appropriate circulation of inside information.
Inside information and its holders within the Group are subject to a
permanent census. In order to guarantee their confidentiality and to
prevent insider trading, information barriers and strict segregation of
activities (Investment Banking, own account transactions, asset
management) are systematically put in place and monitored.

7

Conflicts of interest are also subject to a process of detection,
identification of the involved internal and external players and
prevention of risks related to situations of conflicts of interest in
market activities (e.g. the maintenance and management of lists of
issuers or clients).

■ IT tools;
■ teams of specialised employees;
■ an independent internal control and audit framework;
■ a continued training programme.

It consists of two main activities:
■ management of inside information and the prevention of
conflicts of interest;
■ monitoring

of transactions and communications and
contributing to the proper functioning and transparency of
markets.

Managing inside information and preventing conflicts
of interest
The BNP Paribas Group has put in place policies relating to the
management of inside and sensitive information, market sounding
activities, benchmarks contribution, protection of confidential data,

Monitoring transactions and communications and
contributing to the proper functioning and market
transparency
In order to protect the integrity of the markets, a framework against
market abuse situation has been implemented to prevent, detect and
report it when applicable. This framework covers the dissemination
or abusive use of inside information in order to prevent insider
trading, price manipulation and the disclosure of false information. It
covers both the brokerage activities and the Group’s own‑account
activities acting as counterparty or market maker.
Transactions potentially suspicious and constituting market abuse
are subject of a report to the authority concerned.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

781

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

This framework is associated with the monitoring of orders and
transactions in all the businesses concerned, as well as compliance
with pre- and post‑trade transparency obligations and post‑trade
declarations.
In addition, monitoring of oral and electronic communications is in
place, according to procedures specific to each business lines. The
scheme also includes reporting obligations regarding long and short
positions.

Financial security
BNP Paribas and its branches and subsidiaries in France and abroad
are firmly committed to complying with international economic
sanctions as well as to the fight against money laundering and
terrorist financing, and with the relevant laws and regulations in all
countries where the Group operates.
In this context, the BNP Paribas Group has adopted and maintains a
comprehensive financial security programme designed with a
risk‑based approach and applicable in all its entities. Significant
human and technical resources are devoted to it, both by the
business lines and by the Compliance Function.

These due diligence measures are strengthened for high‑risk clients,
politically exposed persons, as well as in other types of high‑risk
situations.
Similar measures are applied to suppliers and other types of
partners of the Group.

Compliance with international sanctions and
embargoes
Compliance with international sanctions and embargoes issued by
the European Union, France, the United States and any other
national authority when applicable is based on a twofold framework:
■ customer databases are regularly screened for the presence of

sanctioned individuals;
■ international transactions are filtered to identify any attempted

violation or circumvention of sanctions or embargoes.
These frameworks, implemented in all the Group’s entities, consist
of framed processes, in particular:
■ the regular update of sanctions lists;
■ conducting investigations on customers, third parties and

transactions that have generated screening or filtering alerts;

This programme relies on the following pillars:

■ reporting to the authorities.

■ operational policies and procedures;

They are also complemented by a training programme for employees
and independent controls.

■ IT tools;
■ teams dedicated to the implementation of the financial security

programme;
■ independent internal control and audit framework;
■ a continued training programme.

It consists of three main activities:
■ Know Your Customers;

Anti‑money laundering and countering the financing of
terrorism
Specific frameworks based on both automated transaction
monitoring tools and employee vigilance aim to detect and report to
the competent authorities:
■ money laundering, which consists of the integration into the

financial framework of the proceeds of criminal activities such
as corruption, tax crime, drug trafficking, organised crime,
embezzlement of funds to conceal their illegal origin;

■ respect of international sanctions and embargoes;
■ anti‑money

laundering and countering the financing of

terrorism.

Know your customers
Know Your Customers (KYC) is an essential component of financial
security risk management that supports both the prevention of
money laundering and terrorist financing and the compliance with
international sanctions.
It also contributes to the fight against corruption (see
section 2.d Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery, this
chapter), compliance with tax laws and regulations, protection of
clients’ interests, social and corporate responsibility, and market
integrity.
It requires the implementation of a set of due diligence measures
aimed at identifying the customers, their beneficial owners and their
agents, analysing the nature and location of their activity, and taking
into account the purpose of their business relationship with
BNP Paribas.

782

■ the financing of terrorism through funds whose origin may be

legitimate or illicit.
The investigation of alerts and the timely reporting of suspicions to
the authorities, as well as subsequent measures, are subject to
dedicated procedures.

Oversight of geographical risks
In addition to the measures described above, BNP Paribas Group
maintains an assessment of the financial security risks related to
countries or regions, which complements the analysis of prospective
or existing business relationships, and which may lead to the refusal
or termination of a business relationship, or to the rejection of a
transaction or the provision of a financial service.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

2.B CYBERSECURITY

Governance

General information

The Group’s General Management oversees cybersecurity through
dedicated governance that provides an overview of the Group’s
situation. Among the Committees of the Board of directors of
BNP Paribas is the Internal Control, Risk Management and
Compliance Committee (CCIRC) for the oversight of risk
management. The CCIRC monitors the deployment plan of the
Group’s cybersecurity programme, its action plan, the priority
themes and the related budget on a semi‑annual basis. In addition,
the Group’s Executive Committee, with all the business directors, is
involved in the Cybersecurity programme, which allows for
decision‑making at the right level if necessary.

In the ever‑changing landscape of the global financial industry,
BNP Paribas recognises the central role of Information and
Communication Technologies (ICT) in maintaining operational
resilience. Present in different regions of the world, BNP Paribas
faces a multitude of challenges in ensuring the security, robustness
and resilience of ICT systems. The interconnected nature of
operations, coupled with the rapid pace of technological
advancement and the need to rely increasingly on third parties to
deliver critical services, requires a strategic and adaptive approach
to risk management.
BNP Paribas Group is subject to cybersecurity risk, or risk caused by
a malicious and/or fraudulent act, committed virtually, with the
intention of manipulating information (confidential data, bank/
insurance, technical or strategic), processes and users, in order to
cause material losses to the BNP Paribas Group’s subsidiaries,
employees, partners and clients and/or for the purpose of extortion
(ransomware).
An increasing number of companies (including financial institutions)
have in recent years experienced intrusion attempts or even
breaches of their information technology security, some of which
have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on their
computer networks. Because the techniques used to obtain
unauthorised access, disable or degrade service, steal confidential
data or sabotage information systems have become more
sophisticated, change frequently and often are not recognised until
launched against a target, the BNP Paribas Group and its third‑party
service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to
implement in a timely manner effective and efficient
countermeasures. Any failures of or interruptions in the BNP Paribas
Group’s information systems or those of its providers and any
subsequent disclosure of confidential information related to any
client, counterpart or employee of the BNP Paribas Group (or any
other person) or any intrusion or attack against its communication
system could cause significant losses and have an adverse effect on
the BNP Paribas Group’s reputation, financial condition and results
of operations.
Regulatory authorities now consider cybercriminality to be a growing
systemic risk for the financial sector. They have stressed the need for
financial institutions to improve their resilience to cyber‑attacks by
strengthening internal IT monitoring and control procedures. A
successful cyber‑attack could therefore expose the Group to a
regulatory fine, especially should any personal customer data be lost

7

At the same time, the Group IT Risk Committee (GITRC) is an ad hoc
decision‑making body at the level of senior management to deal
with cyber risks, risks related to the implementation of the IT
strategy and operational resilience.
Cybersecurity governance is based on the “three lines of defence”
model, an integrated model covering all Group entities described in
chapter 2 Corporate governance and internal control, 2.4 Internal
control.

Policies & Responsibilities
To address cybersecurity risks, the Group has set up a global system
based mainly on a cybersecurity reference framework and a
cybersecurity strategy entitled “Cyber Trust 25”.
Within the Group’s ICT and cyber risk management reference
framework, there is a specific reference framework for cybersecurity.
This is composed of a set of documents (policies, norms and
standards) that define the basic requirements for cybersecurity,
offering a standardised approach to mitigating risks. Aligned with
industry best practices, this ensures consistent implementation of
processes and associated controls within BNP Paribas, strengthening
the overall cybersecurity posture. The Cybersecurity Reference
Framework is composed of several cybersecurity themes. Each
theme may contain procedures (i.e. types of policies to be applied),
requirements files or guidelines. These cybersecurity topics are
defined to address the specific cybersecurity risks that the Group
faces, such as disruption of services or data leakage for example, and
the associated impacts, such as reputational damage or legal
proceedings by regulatory authorities.

7

These requirements and procedures of the framework are
mandatory for all Group Entities worldwide. In addition to these
requirements, the Entities may define additional local requirements
to address specific risks at the entity level that are not addressed by
the Group.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

783

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The Group has also defined a cybersecurity strategy to support
BNP Paribas’ digital transformation. Entitled Cyber Trust 25, this
strategy is based on 5 pillars:
■ acting responsibly towards clients and regulators;
■ being a cyber reference in the market to be trustworthy and

attract talents;
■ accelerating transformation and innovation;
■ being a pleasant place to work by building on our corporate

social responsibility ambitions;
■ ensuring zero digital waste based on the needs and risks of the

company.
The deployment of the Cyber Trust 25 strategy applies to all the
cybersecurity teams of the Group’s Entities, grouped under the term
“Filière Cyber”.
The definition of a global cybersecurity vision and strategy is the
responsibility of the Group’s Chief Information Security Officer (CISO).
It ensures that cybersecurity and information and communication
technology (ICT) risk management are integrated into the project
delivery process by providing appropriate policies, practices and
guidelines. He is also responsible for defining the cybersecurity
programme and remediation projects to address the Group’s
cybersecurity risks, while ensuring their implementation within the
Group’s entities.

Actions
The Group and its direct Entities apply the requirements set out in
the Cybersecurity Reference Framework. They take proactive steps to
ensure compliance with published rules, requirements, and
deadlines while effectively allocating resources. The published
requirements are transposed into concrete measures and initiatives
aimed at improving the Group’s cybersecurity posture.
The Entities review the requirements published in the Cybersecurity
Reference Framework. They carefully assess the scope, applicability
and timelines associated with each requirement, ensuring that they
understand their obligations.
Based on this assessment, the Entities develop detailed action plans
outlining tasks, milestones and timelines for implementation. These
action plans prioritise activities based on risk level, regulatory
mandates and operational objectives. The focus is on establishing
clear accountabilities for each task to ensure effective execution.

784

The Entities shall allocate the necessary resources, including human,
technological and budgetary resources, to support the
implementation of the action plans. Budgets are carefully reviewed
and adjusted as necessary to account for costs associated with
compliance efforts.
In addition, each pillar of the Cyber Trust 25 strategy is made up of
several ambitions, which are themselves broken down into initiatives
that should lead to deliverables or concrete actions. In order to take
into account the constant evolution of the cyber threat, the
ambitions of the Cyber Trust 25 strategy can be adapted and define
complementary action plans.

Targets
Within the ICT and cyber risk management reference framework,
each requirement related to cybersecurity topics is associated with a
due date.
The progress of the Group’s Entities in each of the cybersecurity
themes is monitored as part of the BNP Paribas Cybersecurity
Programme. This programme takes a risk‑based approach to assess
Entities and calculate the level of cyber maturity they need to
achieve, based on the goals set out in a cybersecurity matrix.
Finally, the initiatives associated with the Cyber Trust 25
cybersecurity strategy are the subject of targeted and quantified
action plans and objectives.

Metric
Several metrics have been set up to measure the level and progress
of the Group’s Entities in terms of cybersecurity.
Each year, several campaigns are carried out by the Cybersecurity
departments of the Group Entities integrated into the Cybersecurity
Programme to assess compliance with the implementation of the
objectives set. The results are communicated to management during
the Cybersecurity Panoramas.
The progress of Cyber Trust 25’s ambitions is regularly monitored
during dedicated steering committees, whose objective is to present
the progress on each of the initiatives integrated into the strategy.
Tables of indicators are presented and commented on.
In addition, the Entities rely on the ICT Generic Control Libraries to
conduct self‑assessments regarding the implementation of IT
governance, IT risk, and cybersecurity requirements. These libraries
provide a structured framework for the Entities to assess their
compliance with established controls, identify areas of
non‑compliance, and develop remediation plans as required.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

APPENDICES
APPENDIX 1: GENERAL BASIS FOR PREPARATION OF SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS
Although meeting the size criteria required by the CSRD for the
preparation of sustainability statements, some of the Group’s
subsidiaries benefit from the exemption regime provided for in
articles 19 bis (9) and 29 bis (8) of Accounting Directive 2013/34.
These entities domiciled in the European Union meet the size criteria
to be subject to the publication of sustainability statements on a
sub‑consolidated basis, but they do not issue securities listed on the
EU regulated markets, and belong to a parent entity which is itself
subject to publication on a consolidated basis.

BNP Paribas prepares its sustainability statements on a consolidated
basis in accordance with the scope of consolidation presented in the
notes to the financial statements (see chapter 4, notes 9k and 1b).
The entities in the table below are the European entities that benefit
from the exemption regime provided for by articles 19a (9) and 29a
(8) of Accounting Directive 2013/34. These entities would have been
subject to the publication of sustainability statements from 1 January
2025 if they had not themselves been subsidiaries of the
BNP Paribas Group.

➤ TABLE NO. 49: LIST OF BNP PARIBAS SUBSIDIARIES EXEMPTED FROM A SUSTAINABILITY DISCLOSURE AND COVERED
BY THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP PUBLICATION

Name

Country

BNPP Cardif

France

BNPP Financial Markets

France

BNPP Lease Group

France

BNPP Personal Finance

France

Financière des Paiements Électroniques

France

Banca Nazionale Del Lavoro SPA

Italy

BNPP Cardif Vita Compagnia di Assicurazione E Riassicurazione SPA

Italy

Findomestic Banca SPA

Italy

BGL BNPP

Luxembourg

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

785

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

APPENDIX 2: DISCLOSURES OF INFORMATION IN RELATION TO SPECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES
TIME HORIZONS, ESTIMATIONS, SOURCES OF
UNCERTAINTY
The existence of specific circumstances may change the content of
the sustainability information. This can include deviations from the

time horizons initially defined by the standard, but also the use of
estimated data in the value chain, or sources of estimation and
outcome uncertainty. The table below refers to the parts of the
sustainability statement which help to understand these specific
circumstances.

➤ TABLE NO. 50: TIME HORIZONS, ESTIMATES, SOURCES OF UNCERTAINTY
Description of the disclosure requirements
Time Horizon

Corresponding Information

9.a. Disclosure of the definitions of
Climate stress tests
medium- or long‑term time horizons
in case of deviations from the ones defined

CSRD sections
Chapter 7.1.2 Climate Change
1.b Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction with
strategy and business model

9.b. Disclosure of the reasons for applying
those definitions
Value chain
estimation

10.a. Disclosure of the metrics included
in the upstream and/or downstream value
chain data estimated using indirect
sources, such as sector‑average data
or other proxies
10.b. Description of the basis for
preparation used for these metrics which
include value chain data estimated using
indirect sources

Climate stress tests

Chapter 7.1.2 Climate Change
3.d Gross greenshouse gas emissions

Scope 3 Category 15 (financed emissions)
Scope 3 Category 6 (business travel)
Targets and baselines on the most
greenhouse gas‑emitting sectors

Chapter 7.1.2 Climate Change
3.a Group's metrics and targets related
to its impact on climate change
Chapter 7.1.2 Climate Change
3.b Group’s metrics and targets related
to its climate change opportunities

10.c. Description of the resulting level of
accuracy on these metrics that include
value chain data estimated using indirect
sources
10.d. Where applicable, description
of the planned actions to improve
the accuracy in the future for these
metrics which include value chain data
estimated using indirect sources
Sources of estimation 11.a. Disclosure of quantitative metrics
Climate stress tests
and outcome
and monetary amounts that are subject
uncertainty
to a high level of measurement uncertainty
Scope 3 Category 15 (financed emissions)
11.b.i. Disclosure of information about
the sources of measurement uncertainty

Scope 3 Category 6 (business travel)

11.b.ii. Disclosure of the assumptions,
approximations and judgements the
entity has made in measuring it

More specifically, regarding metrics on the most greenhouse
gas‑emitting sectors:

gas upstream (scope 1, 2 and scope 3 combustion) and refining
activities (scopes 1,2);

786

Chapter 7.1.2 Climate Change
3.d Gross greenhouse gas emissions

■ automotive Emission intensity covering CO2 tailpipe emissions

(i.e. Tank‑to‑Wheel / scope 3 downstream emissions), expressed
in gCO2/km WLTP (Worldwide harmonised Light Vehicle Test
Procedure). CO2 covers most of the emissions in the automotive
sector;

10.a. Several metrics include upstream or downstream (scope 3)
data. These are respectively:
■ financed absolute emissions (expressed in MtCO2e) for oil and

Chapter 7.1.2 Climate Change
1.b Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction with
strategy and business model

■ the emissions associated to the upstream generation of fuel

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

(scope 3 upstream emissions) are also considered for the
Aviation and Shipping sectors, thus defining alignment metrics
expressed on a Well‑To‑Wake basis.

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

It should be noted that the emissions associated to the use of energy
by building tenants for the Commercial Real Estate (CRE) sector
(scope 3 downstream emissions) rely on the measurement
methodologies implemented by REITs when feeding their
sustainability reports which is considered as a direct measurement
source. Hence, CRE is excluded from the analysis below.
10.b.Basis for preparation used for these metrics include:
■ O&G scope 3 emissions are computed using company level Oil

and gas production figures given by Wood Mackenzie database,
the share of world refinery output given by IEA (for a more
granular type of fuel split of oil production) and emission
factors per type of fuel given by 2006 IPCC report. These are the
most up‑to‑date available figures. Please note that fuel emission
factors are physical parameters so they are stable over time;
■ Automotive emission intensity is computed using company level

automotive production data in each technology (Electric
Vehicles, Plug in hybrids, Mild hybrid and Internal Combustion
engines) given by S&P - IHS Markit database and
average technologies emission factors computed from Asset
Impact database;
■ the switch from Tank‑to‑Wake (TTW) to a Well‑to‑Wake (WTW)

view for Aviation relies on a conversion factor for the fuel given
by ICAO, and is performed by an internal team;
■ the switch from a Tank‑to‑Wake to a Well‑To‑Wake view for

Shipping relies on the use of average conversion factors per
vessel type, as provided by the shipping consulting firm DNV.
10.c. The resulting level of uncertainty of using indirect sources to
estimate upstream and/or downstream value chain data such as
sector‑average data or other proxies:
■ O&G scope 3 downstream emission computation accuracy

is very high as it relies on the latest Wood Mackenzie asset
level production data that is aggregated at the company level
(high level accuracy production data) and on physical
parameters that are stable over time and on an average
granular split of oil production per type of fuel given by
well‑recognised bodies (IEA and IPCC) (high level accuracy);

7

■ Automotive scope 3 emission intensity computation accuracy

is medium as it relies on the latest S&P Global- IHS markit
asset level production data which is aggregated at the company
level (high level accuracy production data) and average
emission factors per technology as per Asset Impact (medium
level accuracy). Indeed, no global widely recognised up‑to‑date
automotive emission intensity database is currently available.
We therefore rely on Asset Impact, which aggregates the
emission intensities that can be retrieved from local regulatory
sources (e.g. EEA);
■ the accuracy of aviation sector emission intensity is high as it

relies on asset level activity data (air traffic and fuel
consumption with a high level of accuracy), on emission factor
to convert fuel consumption into emission (high level accuracy
as it is a stable physical parameter) and on an average TTW to
WTW conversion factor provided by ICAO (low level accuracy as
we use a global average conversion factor);
■ the accuracy of shipping sector emission intensity is high as it

relies on asset level activity data (distance and fuel
consumption with a high level of accuracy), on emission factor
to convert fuel consumption into emission (high level accuracy
as it is a stable physical parameter) and on an average TTW to
WTW conversion factor provided by shipping consulting firm
that has based its analyses on real shipping data (low level
accuracy as we use a global average conversion factor).
10.d. The computations are currently done using the best available
data. It is planned to continue using the most up‑to‑date data and
more granular emission factors and conversion factors or as soon as
they are available.

METRICS AND TARGETS
All targets defined by the Group relate to material impacts, risks and
opportunities from the stakeholders’ point of view.
Where metrics presented in the report have been validated by an
external body other than the assurance provider, the body has been
mentioned.

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

787

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

DISCLOSURES STEMMING FROM OTHER LEGISLATION OR GENERALLY ACCEPTED SUSTAINABILITY
REPORTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
The Group’s sustainability statement includes information stemming from other legislation which requires the undertaking to disclose
sustainability information or from generally accepted sustainability reporting standards and frameworks, in addition to the information
prescribed by the CSRD disclosure standards. These disclosures are listed here‑below.

➤ TABLE NO. 51: OTHER LEGISLATION OR GENERALLY ACCEPTED SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
Legislation or generally accepted sustainability
reporting pronouncements

Datapoint description

References

Article L.22‑10‑35 of the French
Commercial Code

Impact of activities on the fight against tax evasion

Chapter 7.1.6 Business conduct / section 1.a Corporate
culture and business conduct policies / Page 777

Article L.22‑10‑35 of the French
Commercial Code

Actions to promote the link between the Nation and its
armed forces and to support the commitment to the
reserves of the National Guard

Chapiter 7.1.4 Own workforce / section 2.d Taking action
on material impacts on own workforce, and approaches
to mitigating material risks and pursuing material
opportunities related to own workforce, and
effectiveness of those actions / Page 750

INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE
Some specific data, prescribed by a publication requirement, have been incorporated by cross‑references and are listed below.

➤ TABLE NO. 52: LIST OF INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE
Chapter/section/page where
cross‑reference is used (in)

Disclosure Requirement

Datapoint description

ESRS 2 GOV‑1 – The
role of the
administrative,
management and
supervisory bodies

§21a - Composition and diversity of the members of the undertaking’s Chapter 7.1.1 General
administrative, management and supervisory bodies
Disclosures / section 1.a
Role of administrative,
§21b - Representation of employees and other workers
management and
supervisory bodies in
§21c - Experience relevant to the sectors, products and geographic
sustainabilty /
locations of the undertaking
Pages 685‑686
§21d - Percentage by gender and other aspects of diversity that the
undertaking considers. The Board’s gender diversity shall be calculated
as an average ratio of female to male Board members

Chapter/section/page that the
cross‑reference mentions (out)
Chapter 2 Corporate
governance and internal
control / 2.1.2 BNP Paribas
Corporate governance /
section1.b - The Board of
directors: a collegial body
with collective
competence / Page 56

§21e - the percentage of independent Board members

788

ESRS 2 GOV‑1 – The
role of the
administrative,
management and
supervisory bodies

§23a - The sustainability‑related expertise that the bodies, as a whole, Chapter 7.1.1. General
either directly possess or can leverage, for example through access to Disclosures / section 1.a
experts or training
Role of administrative,
management and
supervisory bodies in
sustainability / Page 686

Chapter 2 Corporate
governance and internal
control / 2.1.2 BNP Paribas
Corporate governance /
section 1.d Directors’
training and information /
Page 60

ESRS G1 Disclosure
requirement related
to ESRS 2 GOV‑1 –
The role of the
administrative,
management and
supervisory bodies

§5b - The expertise of the administrative, management and supervisory Chapter 7.1.1 General
bodies on business conduct matters
Disclosures / section 1.a
Role of administrative,
management and
supervisory bodies in
sustainability / Page 686

Chapter 2. Corporate
governance and internal
control / 2.1.2 BNP Paribas
Corporate governance /
section 1.b - The Board of
directors: a collegial body
with collective
competence / Page 56

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Chapter/section/page where
cross‑reference is used (in)

Disclosure Requirement

Datapoint description

ESRS 2 GOV‑3 –
Integration of
sustainability‑related
performance in
incentive schemes

§29 - The undertaking shall disclose the following information about Chapter 7.1.1 General
the incentive schemes and remuneration policies linked to
Disclosures / section 1.b
sustainability matters for members of the undertaking’s administrative, Integration of
management and supervisory bodies, where they exist:
sustainability‑related
performance in incentive
a) a description of the key characteristics of the incentive schemes;
schemes / Page 688
b) whether performance is being assessed against specific
sustainability‑related targets and/or impacts, and if so, which ones;
c) whether and how sustainability‑related performance metrics are
considered as performance benchmarks or included in remuneration
policies;
d) the proportion of variable remuneration dependent on
sustainability‑related targets and/or impacts

ESRS 2 GOV‑5 36.The undertaking shall disclose the following information:
Chapter 7.1.1 General
Risk management and a) the scope, main features and components of the risk management
Disclosures / section 1.c
internal controls over and internal control processes and systems in relation to sustainability Risk management and
sustainability
internal controls over
reporting;
reporting
sustainability reporting /
b) the risk assessment approach followed, including the risk
Page 688
prioritisation methodology;
c) the main risks identified and their mitigation strategies including
related controls
ESRS E1‑6
Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3
and Total GHG
emissions

7

Chapter/section/page that the
cross‑reference mentions (out)
Chapter 2 Corporate
governance and internal
control / 2.1.3
Compensation and benefits
awarded to the Group’s
directors and corporate
officers / paragraph Criteria
linked to the Group’s CSR
performance / Page 89

Chapter 2 Corporate
governance and internal
control / 2.4 Internal control /
Page 123

AR 46 h) for each significant scope 3 GHG category, disclose the
Chapter 7.1.2 Climate
Chapter 5 Risks and capital
reporting boundaries considered, the calculation methods for
Change / section 3.d Gross adequacy – Pillar 3 / 5.11
estimating the GHG emissions as well as if and which calculation tools greenhouse gas emissions / Environmental, social and
governance risk / section
were applied. The scope 3 categories should be consistent with the
Page 727
Banking book – Indicators of
GHGP and include:
potential climate change
i.indirect scope 3 GHG emissions from the consolidated accounting
transition risk / Page 582
group (the parent and its subsidiaries), ii.indirect scope 3 GHG
emissions from associates, joint ventures, and unconsolidated
subsidiaries for which the undertaking has the ability to control the
operational activities and relationships (i.e., operational control), iii.
Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions from associates, joint ventures,
unconsolidated subsidiaries (investment entities) and joint
arrangements for which the undertaking does not have operational
control and when these entities are part of the undertaking’s upstream
and downstream value chain.

APPENDIX 3: DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS IN ESRS COVERED BY THE SUSTAINABILITY
STATEMENT
DESCRIPTION OF PROCESS FOR IDENTIFYING MATERIAL INFORMATION
After conducting the double materiality assessment on the topics,
BNP Paribas performs a materiality assessment of the information to
be disclosed. This assessment is carried out qualitatively, based on
the adequacy of the information required by the European CSRD
regulation with BNP Paribas’ activities.

7

Indeed, some information is not relevant due to the nature of the
Group’s financial activities or strategy, accordingly it is considered
non‑material for BNP Paribas and not published.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

789

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

LIST OF DATA POINTS PROVIDED FOR IN CROSS‑CUTTING AND TOPICAL STANDARDS THAT DERIVE
FROM OTHER EUROPEAN UNION LEGISLATION
Some CSRD data points are required by other EU legislation, as listed below.

➤ TABLE NO. 53: TABLE OF CSRD DATAPOINTS THAT DERIVE FROM OTHER EU LEGISLATION
Disclosure Requirement and
related datapoint
ESRS 2 GOV‑1
Board’s gender diversity
paragraph 21 (d)

SFDR reference (1)
Indicator number 13 of
Table #1 of Annex 1

ESRS 2 GOV‑1
Percentage of Board
members who are
independent
paragraph 21 (e)
ESRS 2 GOV‑4
Statement on due
diligence paragraph 30
ESRS 2 SBM‑1

Involvement in activities
related to chemical
production paragraph 40
(d) ii)
ESRS 2 SBM‑1
Involvement in activities
related to controversial
weapons paragraph 40
(d) iii)

Benchmark regulation
reference (3)

EU Climate Law reference(4)

References in the Sustainability
Statement

Commission Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1816 (5), Annex II

7.1.1 General
Disclosures / section 1.
Governance

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816, Annex II

7.1.1 General
Disclosures / section 1.
Governance

Indicator number 10
Table #3 of Annex 1

7.1.1 General
Disclosures / section 1.
Governance

Indicators number 4
Table #1 of Annex 1

Article 449a Regulation Delegated Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013;
(EU) 2020/1816, Annex II
Commission
Implementing
Regulation (EU)
2022/2453 (6) Table 1:
Qualitative information
on Environmental risk
and Table 2: Qualitative
information on Social
risk

Not applicable

Indicator number 9
Table #2 of Annex 1

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816, Annex II

Not applicable

Indicator number 14
Table #1 of Annex 1

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818 (7),
Article 12(1) Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II

Not applicable

Involvement in activities
related to fossil fuel
activities paragraph 40
(d) i)

ESRS 2 SBM‑1

Pillar 3 reference (2)

(1) Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector
(Sustainable Finance Disclosures Regulation) (OJ L 317, 9.12.2019, p. 1).
(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation “CRR”) (OJ L 176, 27.6.2013, p. 1).
(3) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to
measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (OJ L 171, 29.6.2016, p. 1).
(4) Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 June 2021 establishing the framework for achieving climate neutrality and amending
Regulations (EC) No 401/2009 and (EU) 2018/1999 (“European Climate Law”) (OJ L 243, 9.7.2021, p. 1).
(5) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816 of 17 July 2020 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the
explanation in the benchmark statement of how environmental, social and governance factors are reflected in each benchmark provided and published (OJ L 406, 3.12.2020,
p. 1).
(6) Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 of 30 November 2022 amending the implementing technical standards laid down in Implementing Regulation (EU)
2021/637 as regards the disclosure of Environmental, social and governance risks (OJ L 324,19.12.2022, p. 1).
(7) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818 of 17 July 2020 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards
minimum standards for EU Climate Transition Benchmarks and EU Paris‑aligned Benchmarks (OJ L 406, 3.12.2020, p. 17).

790

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Disclosure Requirement and
related datapoint

SFDR reference (1)

Benchmark regulation
reference (3)

Pillar 3 reference (2)

ESRS 2 SBM‑1

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818,
Article 12(1) Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II

Involvement in activities
related to cultivation
and production of
tobacco paragraph 40
(d) iv)
ESRS E1‑1

ESRS E1‑1

Article 449a Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013;
Commission
Implementing
Regulation (EU)
2022/2453 Template 1:
Banking book‑Climate
Change transition risk:
Credit quality of
exposures by sector,
emissions and residual
maturity

Undertakings excluded
from Paris‑aligned
Benchmarks
paragraph 16 (g)

Emission reduction
targets paragraph 34

ESRS E1‑5
Energy consumption
from fossil sources
disaggregated by
sources (only high
climate impact sectors)
paragraph 38
ESRS E1‑5
Energy consumption and
mix paragraph 37
ESRS E1‑5
Energy intensity
associated with activities
in high climate impact
sectors paragraphs 40 to
43

Indicator number 4
Table #2 of Annex 1

Article 449a

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818,
Article 12.1 d) to g), and
Article 12.2

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818,
Regulation (EU)
Article 6
No 575/2013;
Commission
Implementing
Regulation (EU)
2022/2453 Template 3:
Banking book – Climate
change transition risk:
alignment metrics

References in the Sustainability
Statement
Not applicable

Regulation (EU)
2021/1119, Article 2(1)

Transition plan to reach
climate neutrality by
2050 paragraph 14

ESRS E1‑4 GHG

EU Climate Law reference(4)

7

7.1.2 Climate Change /
section 1. Strategy

7.1.2 Climate Change /
section 1. Strategy

7.1.2 Climate Change /
section 3. Metrics and
targets

Indicator number 5
Table #1 and Indicator
number 5 Table #2 of
Annex 1

Not material information

Indicator number 5
Table #1 of Annex 1

7.1.2 Climate Change /
section 3. Metrics and
targets

Indicator number 6
Table #1 of Annex 1

Not material information

7

(1) Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector
(Sustainable Finance Disclosures Regulation) (OJ L 317, 9.12.2019, p. 1).
(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation “CRR”) (OJ L 176, 27.6.2013, p. 1).
(3) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to
measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (OJ L 171, 29.6.2016, p. 1).
(4) Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 June 2021 establishing the framework for achieving climate neutrality and amending
Regulations (EC) No 401/2009 and (EU) 2018/1999 (“European Climate Law”) (OJ L 243, 9.7.2021, p. 1).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

791

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Disclosure Requirement and
related datapoint

SFDR reference (1)

Pillar 3 reference (2)

Benchmark regulation
reference (3)

EU Climate Law reference(4)

ESRS E1‑6

References in the Sustainability
Statement

Indicators number 1 and Article 449a; Regulation Delegated Regulation
2 Table #1 of Annex 1
(EU) No 575/2013;
(EU) 2020/1818,
Commission
article 5(1), 6 and 8(1)
Implementing
Gross Scope 1, 2, 3, and
Regulation (EU)
Total GHG emissions
2022/2453 Template 1:
paragraph 44
Banking book – Climate
change transition risk:
Credit quality of
exposures by sector,
emissions and residual
maturity

7.1.2 Climate Change /
section 3. Metrics and
targets

ESRS E1‑6

7.1.2 Climate Change /
section 3. Metrics and
targets

Gross GHG emissions
intensity paragraphs 53
to 55

Indicators number 3
Table #1 of Annex 1

Article 449a Regulation Delegated Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013;
(EU) 2020/1818,
Commission
article 8(1)
Implementing
Regulation (EU)
2022/2453 Template 3:
Banking book – Climate
change transition risk:
alignment metrics

ESRS E1‑7

Regulation (EU)
2021/1119, article 2(1)

GHG removals and
carbon credits
paragraph 56
ESRS E1‑9

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818, Annex II
Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816, Annex II

Exposure of the
benchmark portfolio to
climate‑related physical
risks paragraph 66
ESRS E1‑9
Disaggregation of
monetary amounts by
acute and chronic
physical risk
paragraph 66 (a)
ESRS E1‑9
Breakdown of the
carrying value of its real
estate assets by
energy‑efficiency classes
paragraph 67 (c)

Article 449a Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013;
Commission
Implementing
Regulation (EU)
2022/2453
paragraphs 46 and 47;
Template 5: Banking
book – Climate change
physical risk: Exposures
subject to physical risk.

7.1.2 Climate Change /
section 3. Metrics and
targets
Phase‑in application

Phase‑in application

Phase‑in application

(1) Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector
(Sustainable Finance Disclosures Regulation) (OJ L 317, 9.12.2019, p. 1).
(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation “CRR”) (OJ L 176, 27.6.2013, p. 1).
(3) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to
measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (OJ L 171, 29.6.2016, p. 1).
(4) Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 June 2021 establishing the framework for achieving climate neutrality and amending
Regulations (EC) No 401/2009 and (EU) 2018/1999 (“European Climate Law”) (OJ L 243, 9.7.2021, p. 1).

792

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Disclosure Requirement and
related datapoint

SFDR reference (1)

ESRS E1‑9 Location of
significant assets at
material physical risk
paragraph 66 (c)

Benchmark regulation
reference (3)

Pillar 3 reference (2)
Article 449a Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013;
Commission
Implementing
Regulation (EU)
2022/2453
paragraphs 34;
Template 2: Banking
book -Climate change
transition risk: Loans
collateralised by
immovable property Energy efficiency of the
collateral

ESRS E1‑9

ESRS E2‑4

References in the Sustainability
Statement
Phase‑in application

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818, Annex II

Degree of exposure of
the portfolio to
climate‑related
opportunities
paragraph 69

EU Climate Law reference(4)

Phase‑in application

Indicator number 8
Table #1 of Annex 1
Amount of each
Indicator number 2
pollutant listed in
Table #2 of Annex 1
Annex II of the E- PRTR Indicator number 1
Regulation (European
Table #2 of Annex 1
Pollutant Release and
Indicator number 3
Transfer Register)
Table #2 of Annex 1
emitted to air, water and
soil, paragraph 28

Not material information

ESRS E3‑1

Indicator number 7
Table #2 of Annex 1

Not material information

Indicator number 8
Table 2 of Annex 1

Not material information

Indicator number 12
Table #2 of Annex 1

Not material information

Indicator number 6.2
Table #2 of Annex 1

Not material information

Indicator number 6.1
Table #2 of Annex 1

Not material information

ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4
paragraph 16 (a) i)

Indicator number 7
Table #1 of Annex 1

Not material information

ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4
paragraph 16 (b)

Indicator number 10
Table #2 of Annex 1

Not material information

Water and marine
resources paragraph 9
ESRS E3‑1
Dedicated policy
paragraph 13
ESRS E3‑1
Sustainable oceans and
seas paragraph 14
ESRS E3‑4
Total water recycled and
reused paragraph 28 (c)
ESRS E3‑4
Total water consumption
in m3 per net revenue on
own operations
paragraph 29

7

7

(1) Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector
(Sustainable Finance Disclosures Regulation) (OJ L 317, 9.12.2019, p. 1).
(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation “CRR”) (OJ L 176, 27.6.2013, p. 1).
(3) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to
measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (OJ L 171, 29.6.2016, p. 1).
(4) Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 June 2021 establishing the framework for achieving climate neutrality and amending
Regulations (EC) No 401/2009 and (EU) 2018/1999 (“European Climate Law”) (OJ L 243, 9.7.2021, p. 1).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

793

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Disclosure Requirement and
related datapoint

SFDR reference (1)

ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4
paragraph 16 (c)

Indicator number 14
Table #2 of Annex 1

Not material information

ESRS E4‑2

Indicator number 11
Table #2 of Annex 1

Not material information

Indicator number 12
Table #2 of Annex 1

Not material information

Indicator
number 15Table #2 of
Annex 1

Not material information

Indicator number 13
Table #2 of Annex 1

Not material information

Indicator number 9
Table #1 of Annex 1

Not material information

Indicator number 13
Table #3 of Annex I

7.1.4 Own workforce /
section 2. Impacts, risks
and opportunities
management

Indicator number 12
Table #3 of Annex I

7.1.4 Own workforce /
section 2. Impacts, risks
and opportunities
management

Indicator number 9
Table #3 and Indicator
number 11 Table #1 of
Annex I

7.1.4 Own workforce /
section 2. Impacts, risks
and opportunities
management

Sustainable land /
agriculture practices or
policies paragraph 24 (b)
ESRS E4‑2
Sustainable oceans /
seas practices or policies
paragraph 24 (c)
ESRS E4‑2
Policies to address
deforestation
paragraph 24 (d)
ESRS E5‑5
Non‑recycled waste
paragraph 37 (d)
ESRS E5‑5
Hazardous waste and
radioactive waste
paragraph 39
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1
Risk of incidents of
forced labor
paragraph 14 (f)
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1
Risk of incidents of child
labor paragraph 14 (g)
ESRS S1‑1
Human rights policy
commitments
paragraph 20
ESRS S1‑1

ESRS S1‑1

Benchmark regulation
reference (3)

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816, Annex II

Due diligence policies on
issues addressed by the
fundamental
International Labour
Organization
Conventions 1 to 8,
paragraph 21
Processes and measures
for preventing trafficking
in human beings
paragraph 22

Pillar 3 reference (2)

Indicator number 1
Table #3 of Annex I

EU Climate Law reference(4)

References in the Sustainability
Statement

7.1.4 Own workforce /
section 2. Impacts, risks
and opportunities
management

7.1.4 Own workforce /
section 2. Impacts, risks
and opportunities
management

(1) Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector
(Sustainable Finance Disclosures Regulation) (OJ L 317, 9.12.2019, p. 1).
(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation “CRR”) (OJ L 176, 27.6.2013, p. 1).
(3) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to
measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (OJ L 171, 29.6.2016, p. 1).
(4) Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 June 2021 establishing the framework for achieving climate neutrality and amending
Regulations (EC) No 401/2009 and (EU) 2018/1999 (“European Climate Law”) (OJ L 243, 9.7.2021, p. 1).

794

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Disclosure Requirement and
related datapoint
ESRS S1‑1
Workplace accident
prevention policy or
management system
paragraph 23
ESRS S1‑3
Grievance/complaints
handling mechanisms
paragraph 32 (c)
ESRS S1‑14
Number of fatalities and
number and rate of
work‑related accidents
paragraph 88 (b) and (c)
ESRS S1‑14
Number of days lost to
injuries, accidents,
fatalities or illness
paragraph 88 (e)
ESRS S1‑16
Unadjusted gender pay
gap paragraph 97 (a)
ESRS S1‑16
Excessive Chief Executive
Officer pay ratio
paragraph 97 (b)
ESRS S1‑17
Incidents of
discrimination
paragraph 103 (a)

SFDR reference (1)

EU Climate Law reference(4)

References in the Sustainability
Statement
7.1.4 Own workforce /
section 2. Impacts, risks
and opportunities
management

Indicator number 5
Table #3 of Annex I

7.1.4 Own workforce /
section 2. Impacts, risks
and opportunities
management

Indicator number 2
Table #3 of Annex I

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816, Annex II

Indicator number 3
Table #3 of Annex I

Indicator number 12
Table #1 of Annex I

7.1.4 Own workforce /
section 3. Metrics and
targets

7.1.4 Own workforce /
section 3. Metrics and
targets

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816, Annex II

7.1.4 Own workforce /
section 3. Metrics and
targets

Indicator number 8
Table #3 of Annex I

7.1.4 Own workforce /
section 3. Metrics and
targets

Indicator number 7
Table #3 of Annex I

7.1.4 Own workforce /
section 3. Metrics and
targets

Indicator number 10
Table #1 and Indicator
Non‑respect of UNGPs number 14 Table #3 of
on Business and Human Annex I
Rights and OECD
paragraph 104 (a)
Significant risk of child
labour or forced labour
in the value chain
paragraph 11 (b)

Benchmark regulation
reference (3)

Indicator number 1
Table #3 of Annex I

ESRS S1‑17

ESRS 2- SBM3 – S2

Pillar 3 reference (2)

Indicators number 12
and n. 13 Table #3 of
Annex I

7

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816, Annex II
Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818
Art. 12 (1)

7.1.4 Own workforce /
section 3. Metrics and
targets

Not material information

7

(1) Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector
(Sustainable Finance Disclosures Regulation) (OJ L 317, 9.12.2019, p. 1).
(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation “CRR”) (OJ L 176, 27.6.2013, p. 1).
(3) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to
measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (OJ L 171, 29.6.2016, p. 1).
(4) Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 June 2021 establishing the framework for achieving climate neutrality and amending
Regulations (EC) No 401/2009 and (EU) 2018/1999 (“European Climate Law”) (OJ L 243, 9.7.2021, p. 1).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

795

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Disclosure Requirement and
related datapoint
ESRS S2‑1
Human rights policy
commitments
paragraph 17
ESRS S2‑1
Policies related to value
chain workers
paragraph 18
ESRS S2‑1
Non‑respect of UNGPs
on Business and Human
Rights principles and
OECD guidelines
paragraph 19

SFDR reference (1)

ESRS S3‑1
Human rights policy
commitments
paragraph 16
ESRS S3‑1
Non‑respect of UNGPs
on Business and Human
Rights, ILO principles or
and OECD guidelines
paragraph 17
ESRS S3‑4
Human rights issues and
incidents paragraph 36

EU Climate Law reference(4)

References in the Sustainability
Statement
Not material information

Indicator number 11 and
n. 4 Table #3 of Annex 1

Not material information

Indicator number 10
Table #1 of Annex 1

ESRS S2‑1

Human rights issues and
incidents connected to
its upstream and
downstream value chain
paragraph 36

Benchmark regulation
reference (3)

Indicator number 9
Table #3 and Indicator
n. 11 Table #1 of
Annex 1

Due diligence policies on
issues addressed by the
fundamental
International Labour
Organization
Conventions 1 to 8,
paragraph 19
ESRS S2‑4

Pillar 3 reference (2)

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816, Annex II
Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818,
Art. 12 (1)

Not material information

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816, Annex II

Not material information

Indicator number 14
Table #3 of Annex 1

Not material information

Indicator number 9
Table #3 of Annex 1 and
Indicator number 11
Table #1 of Annex 1

Not material information

Indicator number 10
Table #1 Annex 1

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816, Annex II
Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818,
Art. 12 (1)

Indicator number 14
Table #3 of Annex 1

ESRS S4‑1
Indicator number 9
Table #3 and Indicator
Policies related to
number 11 Table #1 of
consumers and
Annex 1
end‑users paragraph 16

Not material information

Not material information

7.1.5 Consumers and
end‑users / section 2.
Impact, risk and
opportunities
management

(1) Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector
(Sustainable Finance Disclosures Regulation) (OJ L 317, 9.12.2019, p. 1).
(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation “CRR”) (OJ L 176, 27.6.2013, p. 1).
(3) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to
measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (OJ L 171, 29.6.2016, p. 1).
(4) Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 June 2021 establishing the framework for achieving climate neutrality and amending
Regulations (EC) No 401/2009 and (EU) 2018/1999 (“European Climate Law”) (OJ L 243, 9.7.2021, p. 1).

796

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Disclosure Requirement and
related datapoint
ESRS S4‑1
Non‑respect of UNGPs
on Business and Human
Rights and OECD
guidelines paragraph 17
ESRS S4‑4
Human rights issues and
incidents paragraph 35
ESRS G1‑1
United Nations
Convention against
Corruption paragraph 10
(b)
ESRS G1‑1
Protection of
whistle‑blowers
paragraph 10 (d)
ESRS G1‑4
Fines for violation of
anti‑corruption and
anti‑bribery laws
paragraph 24 (a)
ESRS G1‑4
Standards of
anti‑corruption and
anti‑bribery
paragraph 24 (b)

SFDR reference (1)
Indicator number 10
Table #1 of Annex 1

Pillar 3 reference (2)

Benchmark regulation
reference (3)
Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816, Annex II
Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818,
Art. 12 (1)

EU Climate Law reference(4)

References in the Sustainability
Statement
7.1.5 Consumers and
end‑users / section 2.
Impact, risk and
opportunities
management

Indicator number 14
Table #3 of Annex 1

7.1.1 General
Disclosures

Indicator number 15
Table #3 of Annex 1

7.1.6 Business conduct /
section 1. Impact, risk
and opportunities
management

Indicator number 6
Table #3 of Annex 1

7.1.6 Business conduct /
section 1. Impact, risk
and opportunities
management

Indicator number 17
Table #3 of Annex 1

Indicator number 16
Table #3 of Annex 1

Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816,
Annex II)

7

7.1.6 Business conduct /
section 1. Impact, risk
and opportunities
management
7.1.6 Business conduct /
section 1. Impact, risk
and opportunities
management

7

(1) Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector
(Sustainable Finance Disclosures Regulation) (OJ L 317, 9.12.2019, p. 1).
(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation “CRR”) (OJ L 176, 27.6.2013, p. 1).
(3) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to
measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (OJ L 171, 29.6.2016, p. 1).
(4) Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 June 2021 establishing the framework for achieving climate neutrality and amending
Regulations (EC) No 401/2009 and (EU) 2018/1999 (“European Climate Law”) (OJ L 243, 9.7.2021, p. 1).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

797

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

LIST OF THE DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS COMPLIED WITH IN PREPARING THE SUSTAINABILITY
STATEMENT, FOLLOWING THE OUTCOME OF THE MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT (CONTENT INDEX)
The Group complied with the disclosure requirements listed below in preparing the sustainability statement, following the outcome of the
materiality assessment.

➤ TABLE NO. 54: LIST OF THE DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS COMPLIED WITH IN PREPARING THE SUSTAINABILITY
STATEMENT

Disclosure Requirement (DR)

CSRD Section

ESRS 2 General Disclosures
BP‑1 General basis for preparation of sustainability statements

7.1.1 General Disclosures and Appendices

BP‑2 Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances

Appendices

GOV‑1 The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies
GOV‑2 Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the undertaking’s
administrative, management and supervisory bodies
GOV‑3 - Integration of sustainability‑related performance in incentive schemes

7.1.1 General Disclosures
1. Governance

GOV‑4 Statement on due diligence
GOV‑5 Risk management and internal controls over sustainability reporting
SBM‑1 Strategy, business model and value chain
SBM‑2 Interests and views of stakeholders
SBM‑3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and
business model
IRO‑1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks and
opportunities
IRO‑2 Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the undertaking’s sustainability statement

7.1.1 General Disclosures
2. Strategy, business model and stakeholders
7.1.1 General Disclosures
3. Material impacts, risks and opportunities
Appendices

ESRS E1 Climate Change
ESRS 2 GOV‑3 Integration of sustainability‑related performance in incentive schemes

7.1.1 General Disclosures
1. Governance

E1‑1 Transition plan for climate change mitigation

7.1.2 Climate change
ESRS 2 SBM‑3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and 1. Strategy
business model
ESRS 2 IRO‑1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material climate‑related
impacts, risks and opportunities

7.1.1 General Disclosures
3. Material impacts, risks and opportunities

E1‑2 Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation

7.1.2 Climate change
2. Impacts, risks and opportunities management

E1‑3 Actions and resources in relation to climate change policies
E1‑4 Targets related to climate change mitigation and adaptation
E1‑5 Energy consumption and mix
E1‑6 Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG emissions

7.1.2 Climate change
3. Metrics and Targets

E1‑7 GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credits
ESRS S1 Own Workforce
ESRS 2 SBM‑2 Interests and views of stakeholders
ESRS 2 SBM‑3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and 7.1.4 Own workforce
business model
1. Strategy
S1‑1 Policies related to own workforce
S1‑2 Processes for engaging with own workers and workers’ representatives about impacts
S1‑3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workers to raise concerns 7.1.4 Own workforce
2. Impacts, risks and opportunities management
S1‑4 Taking action on material impacts on own workforce, and approaches to mitigating
material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to own workforce, and effectiveness
of those actions

798

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Disclosure Requirement (DR)

7

CSRD Section

S1‑5 Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and
managing material risks and opportunities
S1‑6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees
S1‑7 Characteristics of non‑employee workers in the undertaking’s own workforce
S1‑8 Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue
S1‑9 Diversity metrics
S1‑10 Adequate wages
7.1.4 Own workforce
3. Metrics and Targets

S1‑11 Social protection
S1‑12 Persons with disabilities
S1‑13 Training and skills development metrics
S1‑14 Health and safety metrics
S1‑15 Work‑life balance metrics
S1‑16 Compensation metrics (pay gap and total compensation)
S1‑17 Incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts
ESRS S4 Consumers and end‑users
ESRS 2 SBM‑2 Interests and views of stakeholders

7.1.1 General Disclosures
2. Strategy, business model and stakeholders

ESRS 2 SBM‑3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and 7.1.5 Consumers and end‑users
business mode
1. Strategy
S4‑1 Policies related to consumers and end‑users
S4‑2 Processes for engaging with consumers and end‑users about impacts
S4‑3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers and end‑users to
raise concerns

7.1.5 Consumers and end‑users
2. Impacts, risks and opportunities management

S4‑4 Taking action on material impacts on consumers and end‑users, and approaches to
managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to consumers and
end‑users, and effectiveness of those actions
S4‑5 Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and
managing material risks and opportunities
ESRS G1 Business Conduct

7.1.5 Consumers and end‑users
3. Metrics and Targets

ESRS 2 GOV‑1 The role of the administrative, supervisory and management bodies

7.1.1 General Disclosures
1. Governance

ESRS 2 IRO‑1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks and
opportunities

7.1.1 General Disclosures
3. Material impacts, risks and opportunities

G1‑1 Corporate culture and business conduct policies

7.1.6 Business conduct
1. Impacts, risks and opportunities management

G1‑3 Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery
G1‑4 Confirmed incidents of corruption or bribery
G1‑5 Political influence and lobbying activities
Cybersecurity
Market Integrity and Financial Security

7

7.1.6 Business conduct
1. Impacts, risks and opportunities management
7.1.6 Business conduct
2. Additional entity‑specific

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

799

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

APPENDIX 4: DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE EUROPEAN TAXONOMY
The following tables relate to detailed tables of GAR and off‑balance sheet assets ratio. The following tables are also available at https://
invest.bnpparibas/en/document/aligned‑activities‑under‑the‑meaning‑of‑the‑european‑taxonomy‑2024.

➤ TABLE NO. 55: ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR (STOCKS, ELIGIBILITY AND ALIGNMENT MEASURED
ON A TURNOVER BASIS)

Total [gross]
carrying amount

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)
of which Use of
Proceeds

in millions of euros

of which
enabling

of which Use of
Proceeds

GAR - Covered assets in both
numerator and denominator

536,881

271,118

23,296

8,576

2,800

3,535

199

Loans and advances, debt
securities and equity instruments
not HfT eligible for GAR
calculation

536,690

271,118

23,296

8,576

2,800

3,535

199

2

Financial undertakings

46,999

9,936

632

6

383

132

0

3

Credit institutions

18,347

3,256

1

0

1

1

0

1

4

Loans and advances

5,493

1,745

1

0

1

1

0

5

Debt securities

7,678

1,378

0

0

0

0

0

6

Equity instruments

5,176

133

0

0

0

0

0

28,653

6,680

631

6

382

131

0

7
8

Other financial corporations
of which investment
firms

8,212

2,415

184

4

167

4

0

9

Loans and advances

2,895

629

67

4

51

2

0

10

Debt securities

4,708

1,779

116

0

116

2

0

11

Equity instruments

609

7

0

0

0

0

0

12

of which management
companies

5,517

2,436

223

2

214

127

0

13

Loans and advances

3,545

1,836

189

1

181

112

0

14

Debt securities

882

490

34

1

33

15

0

15

Equity instruments

1,090

111

0

0

0

0

0

16

of which insurance
undertakings

14,923

1,829

225

0

1

0

0

17

Loans and advances

7,420

890

117

0

1

0

0

18

Debt securities

4,038

420

81

0

0

0

0

19

Equity instruments

3,465

519

27

0

0

0

0

20

Non‑financial undertakings

166,761

29,306

5,220

648

2,417

3,403

199

21

Loans and advances

160,350

27,336

4,838

648

2,252

3,373

195

22

Debt securities

1,962

1,190

314

0

162

5

3

23

Equity instruments

4,449

780

67

0

3

25

0

311,173

231,857

17,444

7,922

0

0

0

24

800

of which
transitional

Households

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

of which
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sector
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

31 December 2024
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

97

1,632

409

73

97

1,632

409

0

208

24

0

0

0

0

7

of which
Use of of which of which
Proceeds transitional enabling

0 275,863 23,495

8,576

2,800

73

275,863 23,495

8,576

2,800

6

10,223

632

6

383

0

0

3,257

1

0

1

0

0

0

1,746

1

0

1

0

0

0

0

1,378

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

133

0

0

0

0

208

24

6

6,966

631

6

382

0

179

24

6

2,635

184

4

167

0

4

24

6

673

67

4

51

0

175

0

0

1,956

116

0

116

0

0

0

0

7

0

0

0

0

29

0

0

2,502

223

2

214

0

25

0

0

1,897

189

1

181

0

3

0

0

492

34

1

33

0

1

0

0

112

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

1,829

225

0

1

0

0

0

0

890

117

0

1

0

0

0

0

420

81

0

0

0

0

0

0

519

27

0

0

97

1,423

385

67

33,764

5,418

648

2,417

92

1,395

382

67

31,738

5,034

648

2,252

5

22

1

0

1,217

317

0

162

0

6

1

0

809

68

0

3

0

0

0

0

231,857 17,444

7,922

0

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

801

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Total [gross]
carrying amount

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)
of which Use of
Proceeds

of which
transitional

of which
enabling

17,444

7,922

0

0

0

23,296

8,576

2,800

3,535

199

in millions of euros

25

of which loans
collateralised by
residential immovable
property

26

of which building
renovation loans

27

of which motor vehicle
loans

28

Local government financing

207,123

4,942

4,942

19,792

19,792

11,756

19

29

Housing financing

30

Other local government
financing

11,756

31

Collateral obtained by taking
possession: residential and
commercial immovable
properties

191

32

Assets excluded from the
numerator for GAR calculation
(covered in the denominator)

739,821

33

Financial and Non‑financial
undertakings

0

281,298

34

SMEs and NFCs (other than
SMEs) not subject to NFRD
disclosure obligations

135,458

35

Loans and advances

133,902

36

of which loans
collateralised by
commercial
immovable property

37

of which building
renovation loans

38

802

207,123

Debt securities

of which Use of
Proceeds

19

46,009
0
420

39

Equity instruments

1,136

40

Non‑EU country
counterparties not subject
to NFRD disclosure
obligations

145,840

41

Loans and advances

140,851

42

Debt securities

43

Equity instruments

4,537
452

44

Derivatives

20,930

45

On demand interbank loans

8,543

46

Cash and cash‑related assets

2,544

47

Other categories of assets (e.g.
Goodwill, commodities etc.)

48

Total GAR assets

1,276,702

49

Assets not covered for GAR
calculation

1,173,632

426,506
271,118

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

of which
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sector
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

0

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

0

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

0

31 December 2024
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

0

of which
Use of of which of which
Proceeds transitional enabling

207,123 17,444
4,942

1

1

7

0

7,922

0

0

0

19,792

0

0

0

20

0

0

0

0

0

0

20

0

0

0

7
97

1,632

409

73

275,863 23,495

8,576

2,800

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

803

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Total [gross]
carrying amount

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy‑aligned)
of which Use of
Proceeds

in millions of euros

of which
transitional

of which
enabling

of which Use of
Proceeds

50

Central governments and
Supranational issuers

173,763

51

Central banks exposures

196,875

52

Assets Held for Trading

53

Total assets

54

Financial guarantees

40,931

9,378

3,466

286

2,442

1,633

87

55

Assets under management

302,872

33,203

10,588

715

4,596

2,733

91

802,995
2,450,334

Off‑balance sheet exposures - Undertakings subject to NFRD disclosure obligations

804

56

of which debt securities

114,326

22,234

5,195

550

2,005

1,938

59

57

of which equity
instruments

80,724

7,857

2,874

76

1,807

759

26

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

of which
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy
relevant sector
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

7

31 December 2024
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
of which towards taxonomy
relevant sectors
Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

of which
Use of of which of which
Proceeds transitional enabling

124

938

308

26

11,366

3,553

286

2,442

242

4,321

1,403

447

43,843 12,174

715

4,596

164

725

260

91

25,411

5,255

550

2,005

78

3,596

1,143

356

13,789

2,864

76

1,807

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

805

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Total [gross]
carrying amount

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which Use of
Proceeds

in millions of euros

of which
transitional

of which
enabling

of which Use of
Proceeds

GAR - Covered assets in both
numerator and denominator

660,050

276,571

9,137

5,808

2,631

598

117

Loans and advances, debt
securities and equity instruments
not HfT eligible for GAR
calculation

659,823

276,571

9,137

5,808

2,631

598

117

2

Financial undertakings

82,051

6,803

546

495

403

34

4

3

Credit institutions

12,674

978

1

4

Loans and advances

1,356

253

5

Debt securities

6,137

725

6

Equity instruments

5,181

7
8

Other financial corporations
of which investment
firms

69,377

5,825

546

495

403

34

4

47,567

3,108

323

323

231

21

3

9

Loans and advances

31,470

1,799

221

221

130

21

3

10

Debt securities

11,305

1,309

102

102

102

11

Equity instruments

4,792

12

of which management
companies

8,039

2,231

172

172

171

13

1

13

Loans and advances

6,424

2,219

172

172

171

13

1

14

Debt securities

752

12

Equity instruments

863

0

15
16

of which insurance
undertakings

13,771

487

51

0

0

17

Loans and advances

5,727

48

0

0

0

18

Debt securities

3,445

8

0

19

4,599

431

51

20

Non‑financial undertakings

258,850

42,107

8,590

5,313

2,228

564

113

21

Loans and advances

250,750

37,862

7,585

4,769

1,935

564

113

22

Debt securities

2,045

1,137

534

534

290

471

9

3

23
24

806

of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Equity instruments

Equity instruments
Households

6,055

3,108

307,637

227,656

208,499

208,499

25

of which loans
collateralised by
residential immovable
property

26

of which building
renovation loans

4,617

4,617

27

of which motor vehicle
loans

14,540

14,540

28

Local government financing

11,286

4

4

29

Housing financing

30

Other local government
financing

11,286

31

Collateral obtained by taking
possession: residential and
commercial immovable
properties

227

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

of which
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

7

31 December 2023
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

of which
Use of of which of which
Proceeds transitional enabling
277,169

9,254

5,808

2,631

277,169

9,254

5,808

2,631

6,837

550

495

403

550

495

403

978
253
725
5,859
3,128

326

323

231

1,820

224

221

130

1,309

102

102

102

2,244

173

172

171

2,233

173

172

171

12
0
487

51

0

0

48

0

0

0

8
431

51

42,672

8,704

5,313

2,228

38,427

7,698

4,769

1,935

1,137

534

534

290

3,108

471

9

3

227,656

7

208,499
4,617
14,540
4

4

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

807

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Total [gross]
carrying amount

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)

in millions of euros

32

Assets excluded from the
numerator for GAR calculation
(covered in the denominator)

530,952

33

Financial and Non‑financial
undertakings

190,696

34

SMEs and NFCs (other than
SMEs) not subject to NFRD
disclosure obligations

60,919

35

Loans and advances

59,684

36

of which loans
collateralised by
commercial
immovable property

37

of which building
renovation loans

38

Debt securities

of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
of which Use of
Proceeds

of which
transitional

of which
enabling

0

5,808

2,631

of which Use of
Proceeds

24,358
0
177

39

Equity instruments

1,058

40

Non‑EU country
counterparties not subject
to NFRD disclosure
obligations

129,776

41

Loans and advances

125,265

42

Debt securities

43

Equity instruments

4,207
305

44

Derivatives

21,814

45

On demand interbank loans

7,139

46

Cash and cash‑related assets

2,694

47

Other categories of assets (e.g.
Goodwill, commodities etc.)

48

Total GAR assets

1,191,002

49

Assets not covered for GAR
calculation

1,161,082

50

Central governments and
Supranational issuers

141,256

51

Central banks exposures

300,225

52

Assets Held for Trading

53

Total assets

54

Financial guarantees

126,240

13,654

5,691

5,735

3,545

144

60

55

Assets under management

294,086

72,010

8,512

626

3,897

1,246

147

308,610
276,571

9,137

598

117

719,602
2,352,085

Off‑balance sheet exposures - Undertakings subject to NFRD disclosure obligations

808

56

of which debt securities

153,372

31,553

4,949

487

2,152

328

51

57

of which equity
instruments

65,146

11,781

2,891

139

1,756

388

95

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

of which
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

7

31 December 2023
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which
Use of of which
Proceeds enabling

of which
Use of of which of which
Proceeds transitional enabling

277,169

9,254

5,808

2,631

7
13,798

5,751

5,735

3,545

73,256

8,659

626

3,897

31,881

5,001

487

2,152

12,169

2,987

139

1,756

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

809

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 56: GAR : SECTOR INFORMATION (STOCKS, ELIGIBILITY AND ALIGNMENT MEASURED ON A TURNOVER
BASIS)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Breakdown by sector

In millions of euros

SMEs and other NFC not subject to
NFRD

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject SMEs and other NFC not subject to
to NFRD)
NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

[Gross] carrying amount

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)
0

1

A – Agriculture, forestry and fishing

139

0

0

2

B – Mining and quarrying

114

7

1

0

0

0

0

3

B.05 – Mining of coal and lignite

0

4

B.06 – Extraction of crude petroleum and natural
gas

96

4

0

0

5

B.07 – Mining of metal ores

0

0

0

0

6

B.08 – Other mining and quarrying

14

3

1

0

7
8

810

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

B.09 – Mining support service activities
C – Manufacturing

3

1

0

0

8,257

1,235

1,158

10
0

9

C.10 – Manufacture of food products

661

2

2

10

C.11 – Manufacture of beverages

138

0

0

0

11

C.12 – Manufacture of tobacco products

0

0

0

0

12

C.13 – Manufacture of textiles

3

0

0

0

13

C.14 – Manufacture of wearing apparel

112

0

0

0

14

C.15 – Manufacture of leather and related
products

22

0

0

0

15

C.16 – Manufacture of wood and of products of
wood and cork

50

2

0

0

16

C.17 – Manufacture of paper and paper products

139

2

0

0

17

C.18 – Printing and reproduction of recorded media

42

0

0

0

18

C.19 – Manufacture of coke and refined petroleum
products

54

19

0

0

19

C.20 – Manufacture of chemicals and chemical
products

381

7

92

3

20

C.21 – Manufacture of basic pharmaceutical
products and pharmaceutical preparations

913

0

0

0

21

C.22 – Manufacture of rubber products

206

27

51

0

22

C.23 – Manufacture of other non‑metallic mineral
products

211

20

1

1

23

C.24 – Manufacture of basic metals

652

148

446

0

24

C.25 – Manufacture of fabricated metal products,
except machinery and equipment

177

39

10

0

25

C.26 – Manufacture of computer, electronic and
optical products

220

39

1

0

26

C.27 – Manufacture of electrical equipment

777

241

131

5

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2024
Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Pollution (PPC)
SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD))

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WMR + CE + P + BE)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Of which
environOf which
mentally
environmentally
sustainable
sustainable
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
(CCM +
(CCM +
Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures
CCA + Exposures
CCA +
eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for WTR + CE eligible for WTR + CE
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the + PPC +
the + PPC +
taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
BIO) taxonomy
BIO)
0

0

0

0

139

0

0

1

0

0

209

7

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

190

4

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

1

0

0

16

3

0

0

0

0

3

1

3

434

159

0

9,201

1,245

0

0

0

0

661

2

0

0

0

0

138

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

3

0

0

0

0

0

112

0

0

0

0

0

22

0

0

0

0

0

50

2

0

0

0

0

143

2

0

0

0

0

42

0

0

1

0

0

55

19

0

2

2

0

387

10

0

2

156

0

1,071

0

0

2

0

0

223

28

0

1

0

0

240

21

0

7

0

0

662

148

0

2

0

0

194

39

0

147

1

0

376

39

3

156

0

0

987

246

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

811

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Breakdown by sector

In millions of euros

812

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject to
NFRD

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject SMEs and other NFC not subject to
to NFRD)
NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)
77

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

[Gross] carrying amount

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

19

0

27

C.28 – Manufacture of machinery and equipment
n.e.c.

303

28

C.29 – Manufacture of motor vehicles, trailers and
semi‑trailers

1,934

242

105

0

29

C.30 – Manufacture of other transport equipment

881

332

222

0

30

C.31 – Manufacture of furniture

5

1

2

0

31

C.32 – Other manufacturing

8

4

0

0

32

C.33 – Repair and installation of machinery and
equipment

366

33

76

0

33

D – Electricity, gas, steam and air conditioning supply

3,919

1,559

672

19

34

D35.1 – Electric power generation, transmission
and distribution

3,588

1,463

672

19

35

D35.11 – Production of electricity

2,625

1,065

600

1

36

D35.2 – Manufacture of gas; distribution of
gaseous fuels through mains

162

71

0

0

37

D35.3 – Steam and air conditioning supply

169

25

0

0
16

38

E – Water supply; sewerage, waste management and
remediation activities

39

F – Construction

601

193

16

1,485

260

133

1

40

F.41 – Construction of buildings

841

134

124

0

41

F.42 – Civil engineering

327

75

7

0

42

F.43 – Specialised construction activities

318

50

1

0

43

G – Wholesale and retail trade; repair of motor
vehicles and motorcycles

2,197

95

398

11

44

H – Transportation and storage

2,132

423

91

1

45

H.49 – Land transport and transport via pipelines

694

186

1

1

46

H.50 – Water transport

167

11

16

0

47

H.51 – Air transport

349

0

0

48

H.52 – Warehousing and support activities for
transportation

916

225

73

1

49

H.53 – Postal and courier activities

6

2

0

0

50

I – Accommodation and food service activities

141

19

0

0

51

L – Real estate activities

2,369

387

118

9

52

K – Financial and insurance activities

1,799

104

31

1

53

Exposures to other sectors
(NACE codes J, M - U)

6,152

938

786

131

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2024
Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Pollution (PPC)
SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD))

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WMR + CE + P + BE)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Of which
environOf which
mentally
environmentally
sustainable
sustainable
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
(CCM +
(CCM +
Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures
CCA + Exposures
CCA +
eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for WTR + CE eligible for WTR + CE
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the + PPC +
the + PPC +
taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
BIO) taxonomy
BIO)
0

43

0

0

347

77

0

20

0

0

1,996

242

0

45

0

0

998

332

0

2

0

0

8

1

0

0

0

0

8

4

0

4

0

0

477

33

32

10

4

0

4,645

1,578

21

7

1

0

4,278

1,482

1

5

1

0

3,235

1,066

0

0

0

0

194

71

11

3

2

0

173

25

44

34

98

1

774

209

2

55

0

0

1,529

261
135

1

37

0

0

853

0

15

0

0

354

75

1

3

0

0

322

51

5

141

101

3

2,522

106

9

83

1

0

2,378

425

3

4

1

0

699

186

0

0

0

0

201

11

0

349

0

7

79

0

0

1,123

225

0

0

0

0

6

2

0

0

0

19

160

19

0

32

0

37

2,559

395

0

74

12

0

1,990

105

2

559

8

6

7,657

1,069

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

813

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Breakdown by sector

In millions of euros

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject SMEs and other NFC not subject to
to NFRD)
NFRD

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject SMEs and other NFC not subject to
to NFRD)
NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

[Gross] carrying amount

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

1

A – Agriculture, forestry and fishing

25

0

2

B – Mining and quarrying

120

22

11

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

[Gross] carrying amount

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

1

0

3

B.05 – Mining of coal and lignite

4

B.06 – Extraction of crude petroleum and natural
gas

89

5

B.07 – Mining of metal ores

2

1

6

B.08 – Other mining and quarrying

15

3

0

0

7

B.09 – Mining support service activities

15

7

0

0

8

814

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

5,081

1,115

303

62

9

C – Manufacturing
C.10 – Manufacture of food products

106

1

2

0

10

C.11 – Manufacture of beverages

12

11

C.12 – Manufacture of tobacco products

0

12

C.13 – Manufacture of textiles

3

13

C.14 – Manufacture of wearing apparel

0

14

C.15 – Manufacture of leather and related
products

1

15

C.16 – Manufacture of wood and of products of
wood and cork

13

5

1

0

16

C.17 – Manufacture of paper and paper products

2

0

87

19

17

C.18 – Printing and reproduction of recorded media

4

0

18

C.19 – Manufacture of coke and refined petroleum
products

47

17

19

C.20 – Manufacture of chemicals and chemical
products

386

25

12

1

20

C.21 – Manufacture of basic pharmaceutical
products and pharmaceutical preparations

3

21

C.22 – Manufacture of rubber products

69

1

61

1

22

C.23 – Manufacture of other non‑metallic mineral
products

101

29

36

11

23

C.24 – Manufacture of basic metals

572

164

16

5

24

C.25 – Manufacture of fabricated metal products,
except machinery and equipment

125

17

4

0

25

C.26 – Manufacture of computer, electronic and
optical products

114

15

1

0

26

C.27 – Manufacture of electrical equipment

599

245

0

0

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2023
Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Pollution (PPC)
SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD))

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WMR + CE + P + BE)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Of which
environOf which
mentally
environmentally
sustainable
sustainable
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
(CCM +
(CCM +
Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures
CCA + Exposures
CCA +
eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for WTR + CE eligible for WTR + CE
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the + PPC +
the + PPC +
taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
BIO) taxonomy
BIO)
25

0

121

22

89

11

2

1

15

4

15

7

5,383

1,177

108

1

12
0
3
0
1
15

5

89

19

4

0

47

17

398

26

3
130

2

137

40

587

168

129

18

115

15

599

245

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

815

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Breakdown by sector

In millions of euros

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject SMEs and other NFC not subject to
to NFRD)
NFRD

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject SMEs and other NFC not subject to
to NFRD)
NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

67

1

0

81

25

1

0

C.28 – Manufacture of machinery and equipment
n.e.c.

309

28

C.29 – Manufacture of motor vehicles, trailers and
semi‑trailers

1,294

60

29

C.30 – Manufacture of other transport equipment

966

372

30

C.31 – Manufacture of furniture

6

0

31

C.32 – Other manufacturing

6

3

32

C.33 – Repair and installation of machinery and
equipment

343

94

33

D – Electricity, gas, steam and air conditioning supply

4,635

1,339

34

D35.1 – Electric power generation, transmission
and distribution

4,452

1,323

35

D35.11 – Production of electricity

3,695

824

36

D35.2 – Manufacture of gas; distribution of
gaseous fuels through mains

80

13

37

D35.3 – Steam and air conditioning supply

104

3

38

E – Water supply; sewerage, waste management and
remediation activities

39

F – Construction

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

[Gross] carrying amount

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

27

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

209

89

3

1

1,768

374

16

2

40

F.41 – Construction of buildings

1,214

134

13

1

41

F.42 – Civil engineering

297

70

3

1

42

F.43 – Specialised construction activities

257

171

0

0

43

G – Wholesale and retail trade; repair of motor
vehicles and motorcycles

1,927

654

67

23

44

H – Transportation and storage

1,303

311

11

3

H.49 – Land transport and transport via pipelines

428

93

3

1

162

6

712

212

9

3

2

0

45

816

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

46

H.50 – Water transport

47

H.51 – Air transport

48

H.52 – Warehousing and support activities for
transportation

49

H.53 – Postal and courier activities

50

I – Accommodation and food service activities

25

1

0

0

51

L – Real estate activities

2,410

212

51

5

52

K – Financial and insurance activities

3,892

454

67

9

53

Exposures to other sectors
(NACE codes J, M - U)

20,712

4,019

45

8

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2023
Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Pollution (PPC)
SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD))

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WMR + CE + P + BE)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Of which
environOf which
mentally
environmentally
sustainable
sustainable
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
(CCM +
(CCM +
Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures
CCA + Exposures
CCA +
eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for WTR + CE eligible for WTR + CE
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the + PPC +
the + PPC +
taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
BIO) taxonomy
BIO)
310

67

1,374

85

966

372

6

0

6

3

344

94

4,635

1,339

4,452

1,323

3,695

824

80

13

104

3

213

91

1,785

377

1,227

135

301

70

257

171

1,994

677

1,314

314

430

93

162

6

720

214

2

0

25

1

2,461

217

3,959

462

20,757

4,027

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

817

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 57: GAR STOCK KPI (MEASURE BASED ON TURNOVER)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

% (of covered assets)

Of which
transitional

Of which
enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

GAR – Covered assets in both numerator
and denominator
1

50.52%

4.34%

1.60%

0.52%

0.66%

0.04%

2

Financial undertakings

21.14%

1.35%

0.01%

0.82%

0.28%

0.00%

3

Credit institutions

0.00%

17.75%

0.01%

0.00%

0.01%

0.01%

4

Loans and advances

31.77%

0.02%

0.00%

0.02%

0.02%

0.00%

5

Debt securities

17.95%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

6

Equity instruments

2.57%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

7

Other financial corporations

23.31%

2.20%

0.02%

1.33%

0.46%

0.00%

8

of which investment firms

29.41%

2.23%

0.05%

2.04%

0.05%

0.00%

9

Loans and advances

21.71%

2.32%

0.15%

1.78%

0.07%

0.00%

10

Debt securities

37.80%

2.47%

0.01%

2.46%

0.04%

0.00%

11

Equity instruments

1.14%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

12

44.16%

4.04%

0.03%

3.88%

2.30%

0.00%

13

Loans and advances

51.79%

5.32%

0.02%

5.11%

3.17%

0.00%

14

Debt securities

55.48%

3.87%

0.11%

3.78%

1.67%

0.00%

15

Equity instruments

10.16%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

12.25%

1.51%

0.00%

0.01%

0.00%

0.00%

16

of which management companies

of which insurance undertakings

17

Loans and advances

11.99%

1.58%

0.00%

0.01%

0.00%

0.00%

18

Debt securities

10.40%

2.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

19

Equity instruments

14.99%

0.77%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

3.13%

0.39%

1.45%

2.04%

0.12%

20

Non‑financial undertakings

17.57%

21

Loans and advances

17.05%

3.02%

0.40%

1.40%

2.10%

0.12%

22

Debt securities

60.68%

16.00%

0.02%

8.24%

0.24%

0.16%

23

Equity instruments

17.54%

1.52%

0.00%

0.06%

0.56%

0.01%

74.51%

5.61%

2.55%

0.00%

8.42%

3.82%

0.00%

1.82%

0.67%

0.22%

0.28%

0.02%

24

Households

25

of which loans collateralised by
residential immovable property

100.00%

26

of which building renovation loans

100.00%

of which motor vehicle loans

100.00%

27
28
29

Local government financing

0.16%

Housing financing

30

Other local government financing

31

Collateral obtained by taking possession:
residential and commercial immovable
properties

32

818

Loans and advances, debt securities and equity
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation

Total GAR assets

0.16%

0.16%
21.24%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Of which
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2024
Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PRP)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered
assets funding taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered
assets funding taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered
assets funding taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered
assets funding taxonomy
relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
transitional

Of which
enabling

Proportion of
total assets
covered

0.02%

0.30%

0.08%

0.01%

51.40%

4.38%

1.60%

0.52%

21.90%

0.00%

0.44%

0.05%

0.01%

21.75%

1.35%

0.01%

0.82%

1.92%

0.00%

0.00%

0.01%

17.75%

0.01%

0.00%

0.01%

0.75%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

31.78%

0.02%

0.00%

0.02%

0.22%
0.31%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

17.95%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

2.57%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.21%

0.00%

0.73%

0.09%

0.00%

24.31%

2.20%

0.02%

1.33%

1.17%

0.00%

2.18%

0.30%

0.02%

32.09%

2.24%

0.05%

2.04%

0.34%

0.00%

0.15%

0.84%

0.07%

23.24%

2.33%

0.15%

1.78%

0.12%

0.00%

3.71%

0.00%

0.21%

41.54%

2.47%

0.01%

2.46%

0.19%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

1.14%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.02%

0.00%

0.53%

0.00%

0.00%

45.35%

4.04%

0.03%

3.88%

0.23%

0.01%

0.71%

0.00%

0.00%

53.53%

5.32%

0.02%

5.11%

0.14%

0.00%

0.33%

0.00%

0.00%

55.81%

3.87%

0.11%

3.78%

0.04%

0.00%

0.10%

0.00%

0.00%

10.26%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.04%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

12.25%

1.51%

0.00%

0.01%

0.61%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

11.99%

1.58%

0.00%

0.01%

0.30%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

10.40%

2.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.16%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

14.99%

0.77%

0.00%

0.00%

0.14%

0.06%

0.85%

0.23%

0.00%

20.25%

3.25%

0.39%

1.45%

6.81%

0.06%

0.87%

0.24%

0.04%

19.79%

3.14%

0.40%

1.40%

6.54%

0.26%

1.11%

0.05%

0.04%

62.04% 16.15%

0.02%

8.24%

0.08%

0.00%

0.14%

0.02%

18.18%

1.53%

0.00%

0.06%

74.51%

5.61%

2.55%

12.70%

100.00%

8.42%

3.82%

8.45%

100.00%

0.18%

0.20%

100.00%

0.81%

0.01%

0.17%

0.48%

0.01%

0.17%

0.48%

7

0.01%
0.01%

0.13%

0.03%

0.01%

21.61%

1.84%

0.67%

0.22%

21.91%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

819

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

% (of covered assets)

Of which
transitional Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds Of which enabling

GAR – Covered assets in both numerator
and denominator
1
2

Financial undertakings

3

Credit institutions

41.92%

1.38%

0.88%

0.40%

0.09%

0.02%

8.29%

0.67%

0.60%

0.49%

0.04%

0.00%

0.00%

7.71%

0.00%

0.00%

4

Loans and advances

18.66%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

5

Debt securities

11.81%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

6

Equity instruments

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

7

Other financial corporations

8.40%

0.79%

0.71%

0.58%

0.05%

0.01%

8

of which investment firms

6.53%

0.68%

0.68%

0.49%

0.04%

0.01%

0.07%

0.01%

9

Loans and advances

5.72%

0.70%

0.70%

0.41%

10

Debt securities

11.57%

0.90%

0.90%

0.90%

11
12

Equity instruments
of which management companies

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

27.75%

2.14%

2.14%

2.13%

0.17%

0.01%

0.21%

0.02%

13

Loans and advances

34.54%

2.67%

2.67%

2.67%

14

Debt securities

1.60%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%

15
16

Equity instruments
3.54%

0.37%

0.00%

17

Loans and advances

0.84%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

18

Debt securities

0.23%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

19

of which insurance undertakings

9.37%

1.11%

0.00%

0.00%

20

Non‑financial undertakings

16.27%

3.32%

2.05%

0.86%

0.22%

0.04%

21

Loans and advances

15.10%

3.03%

1.90%

0.77%

0.23%

0.05%

22

Debt securities

55.60%

26.13%

26.11%

14.18%

23
24

Equity instruments

Equity instruments
Households

51.33%

7.78%

0.15%

0.05%

74.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.77%

0.49%

0.22%

25

of which loans collateralised by
residential immovable property

100.00%

26

of which building renovation loans

100.00%

27

of which motor vehicle loans

100.00%

28
29

Local government financing

0.04%

Housing financing

30

Other local government financing

31

Collateral obtained by taking possession:
residential and commercial immovable
properties

32

820

Loans and advances, debt securities and equity
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation

Total GAR assets

0.04%

23.22%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

0.05%

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2023
Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PRP)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)

Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets
Proportion of total covered assets
Proportion of total covered assets
Proportion of total covered assets
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant
Proportion of total covered assets funding
funding taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
transitional

Proportion
of total
Of which
assets
enabling
covered

42.01%

1.40%

0.88%

0.40%

8.33%

0.67%

0.60%

0.49%

28.05%
3.49%

7.72%

0.54%

18.66%

0.06%

11.81%

0.26%
0.22%

8.45%

0.79%

0.71%

0.58%

2.95%

6.58%

0.69%

0.68%

0.49%

2.02%

5.78%

0.71%

0.70%

0.41%

1.34%

11.58%

0.90%

0.90%

0.90%

0.48%

27.91%

2.15%

2.14%

2.13%

0.34%

34.76%

2.69%

2.68%

2.66%

0.27%

0.20%

1.60%

0.03%
0.04%

3.54%

0.37%

0.59%

0.84%

0.00%

0.24%

0.23%

0.15%

9.37%

1.11%

16.49%

3.36%

15.32%

0.20%
2.05%

0.86%

11.01%

3.07%

1.90%

0.77%

10.66%

55.60% 26.13%

26.13%

14.18%

0.09%

51.33%

0.15%

0.05%

7.78%

0.26%

74.00%

13.08%

100.00%

8.86%

100.00%

0.20%

100.00%

0.62%

0.04%

0.48%

0.04%

0.48%

23.27%

0.78%

0.49%

0.22%

7

28.06%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

821

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 58: GAR FLOW KPI (MEASURE BASED ON TURNOVER)
ClimateChangeMitigation(CCM)

ClimateChangeAdaptation(CCA)

Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfundingtaxonomy
relevantsectors(Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfundingtaxonomy
relevantsectors(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportionoftotalcoveredassets
fundingtaxonomyrelevantsectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfunding
taxonomyrelevantsectors(Taxonomy‑aligned)
OfwhichUseof
Proceeds

% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)

Ofwhich
transitional Ofwhichenabling

OfwhichUseof
Proceeds

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator
and denominator
1

4.43%

(11.50)%

(2.25)%

(0.14)%

(2.38)%

2

Financial undertakings

(8.94)%

(0.25)%

1.39%

0.06%

(0.28)%

0.01%

3

Credit institutions

40.17%

0.02%

0.00%

0.02%

0.02%

0.00%

(0.07)%

4

Loans and advances

36.08%

0.03%

0.00%

0.03%

0.03%

0.00%

5

Debt securities, including UoP

42.40%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

6

Equity instruments

(2,728.16)%

(1.06)%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

7

Other financial corporations

(2.10)%

(0.21)%

1.20%

0.05%

(0.24)%

0.01%
0.01%

8

of which investment firms

1.76%

0.36%

0.81%

0.16%

0.04%

9

Loans and advances

4.10%

0.54%

0.76%

0.27%

0.07%

0.01%

10

Debt securities, including UoP

(7.14)%

(0.22)%

1.54%

(0.21)%

(0.03)%

0.00%

11
12

Equity instruments
of which management companies

(0.17)%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

(8.15)%

(2.02)%

6.74%

(1.70)%

(4.51)%

0.04%

13

Loans and advances

13.31%

(0.58)%

5.94%

(0.33)%

(3.44)%

0.04%

14

Debt securities, including UoP

366.17%

26.18%

0.75%

25.53%

11.29%

0.00%

15
16

Equity instruments
of which insurance undertakings

48.85%

0.01%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

116.37%

15.04%

(0.02)%

0.05%

0.00%

0.00%

17

Loans and advances

49.68%

6.92%

(0.01)%

0.04%

0.00%

0.00%

18

Debt securities, including UoP

69.38%

13.60%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

19

Equity instruments

(7.80)%

2.16%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

20

Non‑financial undertakings

13.90%

3.66%

5.07%

(0.20)%

(3.08)%

(0.09)%

21

Loans and advances

11.64%

3.04%

4.56%

(0.35)%

(3.11)%

(0.09)%

22

Debt securities, including UoP

(64.31)%

264.21%

639.58%

153.77%

(5.75)%

(3.67)%

0.04%

(1.55)%

(0.03)%

(0.14)%

(2.38)%

(0.07)%

23
24

Equity instruments
Households

144.92%

25.12%

0.57%

118.76%

493.21%

223.97%

(1,267.19)%

(575.44)%

(11.50)%

(2.25)%

25

of which loans collateralised by
residential immovable property

100.00%

26

of which building renovation loans

100.00%

of which motor vehicle loans

100.00%

27

822

Loans and advances, debt securities and equity
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation

28

Local government financing

29

Housing financing

30

Other local government financing

31

Collateral obtained by taking possession:
residential and commercial immovable
properties

32

Total GAR assets

3.08%
3.08%

4.43%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Ofwhich
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December2024
Waterandmarineresources(WTR)

Circulareconomy(CE)

Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfunding Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfunding
taxonomy
taxonomy
relevantsectors(Taxonomy‑eligible)
relevantsectors(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportionoftotal
Proportionoftotalcovered
coveredassets
assets
fundingtaxonomy
fundingtaxonomyrelevant
relevantsectors
sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Ofwhich
Useof
Proceeds

Ofwhich
enabling

Pollution(PPC)

BiodiversityandEcosystems(BIO)

TOTAL(CCM+CCA+WTR+CE+PPC+BIO)

Proportionoftotalcoveredassets Proportionoftotalcoveredassets
Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfundingtaxonomy
fundingtaxonomy
fundingtaxonomy
relevantsectors(Taxonomy‑eligible) relevantsectors(Taxonomy‑eligible) relevantsectors(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportionoftotal
Proportionoftotal
coveredassets
coveredassets
fundingtaxonomy
fundingtaxonomy
Partdutotaldesactifscouvertsconsacréeaufinancementde
relevantsectors
relevantsectors
secteurspertinentspourlataxonomie(alignéssurlataxonomie)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Ofwhich
Useof Ofwhich
Proceeds enabling

OfwhichUse Ofwhich
ofProceeds enabling

Ofwhich
Useof Ofwhich
Proceeds enabling

Ofwhich
Useof
Proceeds

Ofwhich
transitional

Proportionof
Ofwhich
totalnew
enabling assetscovered

(0.08)%

(1.33)%

(0.33)%

(0.06)%

1.06%

(11.57)%

(2.25)%

(0.14)% (125.33)%

0.00%

(0.59)%

(0.07)%

(0.02)%

(9.66)%

(0.24)%

1.39%

0.06%

(35.68)%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

40.17%

0.02%

0.00%

0.02%

5.77%

0.00%

0.01%

0.00%

0.00%

36.08%

0.03%

0.00%

0.03%

4.21%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

42.40%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

1.57%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

(2,728.51)%

(1.06)%

0.00%

0.00%

(0.01)%

0.00%

(0.51)%

(0.06)%

(0.01)%

(2.72)%

(0.20)%

1.20%

0.05%

(41.45)%

0.00%

(0.46)%

(0.06)%

(0.02)%

1.25%

0.36%

0.81%

0.16%

(40.06)%

0.00%

(0.02)%

(0.09)%

(0.02)%

4.01%

0.55%

0.76%

0.27%

(29.08)%

0.00%

(2.65)%

0.00%

0.00%

(9.81)%

(0.22)%

1.54%

(0.21)%

(6.71)%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

(0.17)%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

(4.26)%

(0.01)%

(1.15)%

0.00%

0.00%

(10.22)%

(1.98)%

6.74%

(1.70)%

(2.57)%

(0.01)%

(0.87)%

0.00%

0.00%

11.64%

(0.55)%

5.94%

(0.33)%

(2.93)%

0.00%

2.26%

0.00%

0.00%

368.43%

26.18%

0.75%

25.53%

0.13%

0.00%

0.48%

0.00%

0.00%

49.34%

0.01%

0.00%

0.00%

0.23%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

116.37%

15.04%

(0.02)%

0.05%

1.17%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

49.68%

6.92%

(0.01)%

0.04%

1.72%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

69.38%

13.60%

0.00%

0.00%

0.60%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

(7.80)%

2.16%

0.00%

0.00%

(1.15)%

(0.11)%

(1.54)%

(0.42)%

(0.07)%

9.67%

3.57%

5.07%

(0.20)%

(93.73)%

(0.10)%

(1.54)%

(0.42)%

(0.07)%

7.40%

2.95%

4.56%

(0.35)%

(92.01)%

(6.21)%

(26.07)%

(1.29)%

0.00%

(96.28)%

260.55%

639.58%

153.77%

(0.09)%

0.00%

(0.38)%

(0.07)%

0.00%

143.15%

25.09%

0.57%

0.04%

(1.64)%

0.00%

118.76%

493.21%

223.97%

3.60%

0.00%

100.00% (1,267.19)%

(575.44)%

(1.40)%

0.00%

100.00%

0.00%

100.00%

5.35%

0.29%

3.37%

0.48%

0.29%

3.37%

0.48%

0.33%

7

(0.04)%
(0.08)%

(1.33)%

(0.33)%

(0.06)%

1.06%

(11.56)%

(2.25)%

(0.14)% (125.36)%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

823

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 59: KPI OFF‑BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES (STOCKS, MEASURE BASED ON TURNOVER)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

% (compared to total eligible off‑balance sheet assets)

824

Of which
transitional

Of which
enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

1

Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)

11.41%

4.22%

0.35%

2.97%

1.99%

0.11%

2

Assets under management (AuM KPI)

6.31%

2.01%

0.14%

0.87%

0.52%

0.02%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Of which enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2024
Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy
taxonomy relevant sectors
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
assets funding
assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which Use
of Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which Use
of Proceeds

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)

Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy
taxonomy
taxonomy
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
assets funding
assets funding
Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Of which
enabling

Of which Use
of Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which Use
of Proceeds

Of which
Use of Of which Of which
Proceeds transitional enabling

Of which
enabling

0.15%

1.14%

0.37%

0.03%

13.83% 4.32%

0.35%

2.97%

0.05%

0.82%

0.27%

0.08%

8.34% 2.32%

0.14%

0.87%

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

825

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

% (compared to total eligible off‑balance sheet assets)

826

Of which
transitional

Of which
enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds Of which enabling

1

Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)

11.04%

4.60%

4.64%

2.87%

0.12%

0.05%

0.00%

0.00%

2

Assets under management (AuM KPI)

16.49%

1.95%

0.14%

0.89%

0.29%

0.03%

0.00%

0.00%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2023
Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)

Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy
taxonomy
taxonomy
taxonomy
taxonomy
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
assets funding
assets funding
assets funding
Proportion of total covered assets funding
assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
Use of Of which Of which
Proceeds transitional enabling

Of which
enabling
11.16%

4.65%

0.00%

4.64%

2.87%

16.77%

1.98%

0.00%

0.14%

0.89%

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

827

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 60: KPI OFF‑BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES (FLOWS, MEASURE BASED ON TURNOVER)

ClimateChangeMitigation(CCM)

ClimateChangeAdaptation(CCA)

Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfundingtaxonomy
relevantsectors(Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfundingtaxonomy
relevantsectors(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfunding
taxonomyrelevantsectors(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfunding
taxonomyrelevantsectors(Taxonomy‑aligned)
% (compared to total eligible off‑balance sheet assets)

828

1

Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)

2

Assets under management (AuM KPI)

OfwhichUseof
Proceeds Ofwhichtransitional

Ofwhichenabling

OfwhichUseof
Proceeds

5.01%

2.61%

6.39%

1.29%

(1.75)%

(0.03)%

(441.72)%

23.63%

1.01%

7.95%

16.93%

(0.64)%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Ofwhich
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December2024
Waterandmarineresources(WTR)

Circulareconomy(CE)

Pollution(PPC)

BiodiversityandEcosystems(BIO)

TOTAL(CCM+CCA+WTR+CE+PPC+BIO)

Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfunding
Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfunding
Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfunding
Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfundingtaxonomy
Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfundingtaxonomy taxonomy
taxonomy
taxonomy
relevantsectors(Taxonomy‑eligible)
relevantsectors(Taxonomy‑eligible)
relevantsectors(Taxonomy‑eligible)
relevantsectors(Taxonomy‑eligible)
relevantsectors(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportionoftotalcoveredassets
Proportionoftotalcoveredassets
Proportionoftotalcoveredassets
Proportionoftotalcoveredassets
funding
funding
funding
funding
taxonomyrelevantsectors
taxonomyrelevantsectors
taxonomyrelevantsectors
Proportionoftotalcoveredassetsfunding
taxonomyrelevantsectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
taxonomyrelevantsectors(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Ofwhich
Useof Ofwhich
Proceeds enabling

Ofwhich
Useof Ofwhich
Proceeds enabling

Ofwhich
Useof Ofwhich
Proceeds enabling

Ofwhich
Useof Ofwhich
Proceeds enabling

Ofwhich
Useof Ofwhich
Proceeds transitional

Ofwhich
enabling

(0.15)%

(1.10)%

(0.36)%

(0.03)%

2.85%

2.58%

6.39%

1.29%

2.75%

49.18%

15.97%

5.08%

(334.80)%

40.01%

1.01%

7.95%

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

829

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 61: ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR (STOCKS, ELIGIBILITY AND ALIGNMENT MEASURED ON A
CAPEX BASIS)

Total [gross]
carrying amount

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Of which Use
of Proceeds

in millions of euros

Of which
enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

GAR – Covered assets in both numerator and
denominator

536,881

277,367

26,864

8,758

4,437

5,442

191

Loans and advances, debt securities and
equity instruments not HfT eligible for GAR
calculation

191

536,690

277,367

26,864

8,758

4,437

5,442

2

Financial undertakings

46,999

10,545

1,367

30

934

721

0

3

Credit institutions

18,347

3,348

12

0

9

9

0

1

4

Loans and advances

5,493

1,742

3

0

3

2

0

5

Debt securities

7,678

1,378

0

0

0

0

0
0

6

Equity instruments

5,176

227

9

0

6

7

7

Other financial corporations

28,653

7,198

1,355

30

925

712

0

8

of which investment firms

8,212

2,495

515

24

447

110

0

9

Loans and advances

2,895

748

127

6

82

14

0

10

Debt securities

4,708

1,716

385

18

365

95

0
0

11
12
13

Equity instruments
of which management companies
Loans and advances

14

Debt securities

15

Equity instruments

16
17

of which insurance undertakings
Loans and advances

609

31

3

0

0

0

5,517

2,977

520

6

477

602

0

3,545

2,309

405

5

365

566

0

882

493

109

1

108

32

0

1,090

175

7

0

5

4

0

14,923

1,725

320

0

1

0

0

7,420

803

170

0

1

0

0

18

Debt securities

4,038

440

117

0

0

0

0

19

Equity instruments

3,465

482

33

0

0

0

0

20

Non‑financial undertakings

166,761

34,945

8,053

807

3,502

4,721

191

21

Loans and advances

160,350

32,781

7,376

806

3,167

4,613

188

22

Debt securities

1,962

1,387

569

1

320

95

3

23

Equity instruments

4,449

777

108

0

16

14

0

0

0

24

311,173

231,857

17,444

7,922

0

25

of which loans collateralised by
residential immovable property

207,123

207,123

17,444

7,922

0

26

of which building renovation loans

4,942

4,942

19,792

19,792

11,756

19

0

0

0

27
28

830

Of which
transitional

Households

of which motor vehicle loans
Local government financing

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

0

Of which
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

7

31 December2024
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)

Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding
Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
of which environmentally
of which environmentally
of which environmentally
sustainable
sustainable
sustainable
sustainable
of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Use of Of which
Use of Of which
Use of Of which
Use of Of which
Use of Of which Of which
Proceeds enabling
Proceeds enabling
Proceeds enabling
Proceeds enabling
Proceeds transitional enabling
133

1,454

232

5

281,206 27,055

8,758

4,437

133

1,454

0

208

232

5

281,206 27,055

8,758

4,437

3

0

10,813

1,367

30

0

934

1

0

0

3,349

12

0

9

0

0

0

0

1,742

3

0

3
0

0

0

0

0

1,378

0

0

0

1

0

0

228

9

0

6

0

208

3

0

7,464

1,355

30

925
447

0

190

3

0

2,738

515

24

0

13

3

0

813

127

6

82

0

177

0

0

1,894

385

18

365

0

0

0

0

31

3

0

0

0

18

0

0

3,001

520

6

477

0

16

0

0

2,331

405

5

365

0

0

0

0

493

109

1

108

0

1

0

0

176

7

0

5

0

0

0

0

1,725

320

0

1

0

0

0

0

803

170

0

1

0

0

0

0

440

117

0

0

0

0

0

0

482

33

0

0

133

1,245

229

5

38,517

8,244

807

3,502

126

1,226

227

5

36,333

7,564

806

3,167

7

12

2

0

1,401

572

1

320

0

8

0

0

783

108

0

16

0

0

0

0

231,857 17,444

7,922

0

207,123 17,444

7,922

0

0

0

7

4,942
19,792
0

0

0

0

19

0

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

831

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Total [gross]
carrying amount

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy
relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Of which Use
of Proceeds

in millions of euros
29

Housing financing

30

Other local government financing

11,756

31

Collateral obtained by taking possession:
residential and commercial immovable
properties

191

32

Assets excluded from the numerator for GAR
calculation (covered in the denominator)

739,821

33

Financial and Non‑financial undertakings

281,298

34

SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations

35

Loans and advances

36

of which loans collateralised by
commercial immovable property

37

of which building renovation
loans

38
39
40
41

Debt securities
Equity instruments
Non‑EU country counterparties not
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
Loans and advances

42

Debt securities

43

Equity instruments

44

Derivatives

Of which
transitional

Of which
enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

0
19

0

0

0

0

277,367

26,864

8,758

4,437

5,442

135,458
133,902
46,009
0
420
1,136
145,840
140,851
4,537
452
20,930

45

On demand interbank loans

8,543

46

Cash and cash‑related assets

2,544

47

Other categories of assets
(e.g. Goodwill, commodities etc.)

426,506

48

Total GAR assets

1,276,702

49

Assets not covered for GAR calculation

1,173,632

50

Central governments and Supranational
issuers

173,763

51

Central banks exposures

196,875

52

Trading book

802,995

53

Total assets

2,450,334

54

Financial guarantees

191

Off‑balance sheet exposures - Undertakings subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
40,931

11,721

4,569

439

2,612

2,112

178

Assets under management

302,872

37,976

13,312

882

5,456

4,896

500

56

of which debt securities

114,326

25,767

8,337

659

2,947

3,191

371

57

of which equity instruments

80,724

12,246

4,975

223

2,509

1,705

130

55

832

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Of which
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

7

31 December2024
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)

Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding
Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
of which environmentally
of which environmentally
of which environmentally
sustainable
sustainable
sustainable
sustainable
of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Use of Of which
Use of Of which
Use of Of which
Use of Of which
Use of Of which Of which
Proceeds enabling
Proceeds enabling
Proceeds enabling
Proceeds enabling
Proceeds transitional enabling
0

0

0

0

19

0

0

0

133

1,454

232

5

281,206 27,055

8,758

4,437

213

442

278

10

13,166

439

2,612

4,746

326

21

1,321

27

44,816 14,025

882

5,456

223

13

256

18

29,468

8,708

659

2,947

103

11

1,065

9

15,135

5,105

223

2,509

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

833

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Total [gross]
carrying amount

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)

Of which Use
of Proceeds

in millions of euros

Of which
transitional

Of which
enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

GAR – Covered assets in both numerator and
denominator

660,050

290,828

19,383

10,111

4,561

1,332

410

Loans and advances, debt securities and
equity instruments not HfT eligible for GAR
calculation

659,823

290,828

19,383

10,111

4,561

1,332

410

2

Financial undertakings

82,051

7,248

1,207

1,116

928

48

8

3

Credit institutions

12,674

978

0

0

0

0

0

0

8

1

4

Loans and advances

1,356

253

5

Debt securities

6,137

725

6

Equity instruments

5,181

0

7

Other financial corporations

69,377

6,270

1,207

1,116

928

48

8

of which investment firms

47,567

3,550

613

613

457

34

4

9

Loans and advances

31,470

2,181

283

283

135

34

4

10

Debt securities

11,305

1,368

330

330

322

11

Equity instruments

4,792

12
13

of which management companies
Loans and advances

8,039

2,239

503

503

470

14

3

6,424

2,226

503

503

470

14

3

14

14

Debt securities

752

15

Equity instruments

863

0

13,771

480

92

0

0

5,727

3

0

0

0

16
17

of which insurance undertakings
Loans and advances

18

Debt securities

3,445

0

0

19

Equity instruments

4,599

477

92

20

Non‑financial undertakings

258,850

55,919

18,176

8,995

3,634

1,283

402

21

Loans and advances

250,750

50,224

15,741

7,856

3,104

1,263

396

22

Debt securities

2,045

1,442

1,121

1,121

521

0

0

23

Equity instruments

6,055

4,253

1,314

18

10

20

6

24

307,637

227,656

25

of which loans collateralised by
residential immovable property

208,499

208,499

26

of which building renovation loans

4,617

4,617

27

of which motor vehicle loans

14,540

14,540

11,286

4

28

834

of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Households

Local government financing

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Of which
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

31 December 2023
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)

Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

7

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which
Use of Of which Of which
Proceeds transitional enabling

Of which
enabling
292,159 19,793

10,111

4,561

292,159 19,793

10,111

4,561

1,116

928

7,296

1,215

978

0

0

0

253

0

0

0

6,318

1,215

1,116

928

3,584

618

613

457

2,215

287

283

135

1,368

330

330

322

725

2,254

506

503

470

2,240

506

503

470

14
0
480

92

0

0

3

0

0

0

0
477

92

57,202 18,578

8,995

3,634

51,487 16,137

7,856

3,104

1,442

1,121

1,121

521

4,273

1,320

18

10

227,656

0

208,499
4,617
14,540

7

4

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

835

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Total [gross]
carrying amount

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)

in millions of euros
29

Housing financing

30

Other local government financing

11,286

31

Collateral obtained by taking possession:
residential and commercial immovable
properties

227

32

Assets excluded from the numerator for GAR
calculation (covered in the denominator)

530,952

33

Financial and Non‑financial undertakings

190,696

34

SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations

35

Loans and advances

36

of which loans collateralised by
commercial immovable property

37

of which building renovation
loans

38

Debt securities

39

Equity instruments

40
41

Non‑EU country counterparties not
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
Loans and advances

42

Debt securities

43

Equity instruments

44

Derivatives

of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which Use
of Proceeds

Of which
transitional

Of which
enabling

0

10,111

4,561

0

0

4

60,919

24,358

177
1,058
129,776
125,265
4,207
305
21,814

45

On demand interbank loans

7,139

Cash and cash‑related assets

2,694

47

Other categories of assets
(e.g. Goodwill, commodities etc.)

308,610

48

Total GAR assets

1,191,002

49

Assets not covered for GAR calculation

1,161,082

50

Central governments and Supranational
issuers

141,256

51

Central banks exposures

300,225

52

Trading book

719,602

53

Total assets

2,352,085

54

Financial guarantees

290,828

19,383

1,332

410

Off‑balance sheet exposures - Undertakings subject to NFRD disclosure obligations

836

Of which
enabling

59,684

46

126,240

18,184

9,368

5,735

3,545

241

124

Assets under management

294,086

82,902

14,130

1,029

6,260

1,237

326

56

of which debt securities

153,372

37,045

8,764

823

4,029

495

117

57

of which equity instruments

65,146

16,640

4,685

205

2,228

742

209

55

Of which Use of
Proceeds

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

31 December 2023
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)

Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

of which towards taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally
sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

7

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
of which environmentally sustainable
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which
Use of Of which Of which
Proceeds transitional enabling

Of which
enabling
4

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0 292,159 19,793

0 10,111

4,561

9,492

5,735

3,545

84,139 14,456

18,425

1,029

6,260

37,540

8,881

823

4,029

17,382

4,894

205

2,228

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

837

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 62: GAR: SECTOR INFORMATION (STOCKS, ELIGIBILITY AND ALIGNMENT MEASURED ON A CAPEX BASIS)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Breakdown by sector

in millions of euros

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

1

A – Agriculture, forestry and fishing

135

0

0

0

2

B – Mining and quarrying

166

58

2

0

0

0

0

0

142

47

0

0

0

0

0

0

3

B.05 – Mining of coal and lignite

4

B.06 – Extraction of crude petroleum and natural
gas

5

B.07 – Mining of metal ores

6

B.08 – Other mining and quarrying

12

2

2

0

7

B.09 – Mining support service activities

12

10

0

0
10

8

838

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

8,965

1,983

1,251

9

C – Manufacturing
C.10 – Manufacture of food products

727

10

35

0

10

C.11 – Manufacture of beverages

284

33

40

0

11

C.12 – Manufacture of tobacco products

0

0

0

0

12

C.13 – Manufacture of textiles

4

1

0

0

13

C.14 – Manufacture of wearing apparel

152

0

0

0

14

C.15 – Manufacture of leather and related
products

25

1

0

0

15

C.16 – Manufacture of wood and of products of
wood and cork

52

3

0

0

16

C.17 – Manufacture of paper and paper products

141

3

0

0

17

C.18 – Printing and reproduction of recorded media

42

0

0

0

18

C.19 – Manufacture of coke and refined petroleum
products

221

190

0

0

19

C.20 – Manufacture of chemicals and chemical
products

440

49

119

0

20

C.21 – Manufacture of basic pharmaceutical
products and pharmaceutical preparations

554

1

7

0

21

C.22 – Manufacture of rubber products

221

38

42

0

22

C.23 – Manufacture of other non‑metallic mineral
products

251

53

15

4

23

C.24 – Manufacture of basic metals

601

160

367

0

24

C.25 – Manufacture of fabricated metal products,
except machinery and equipment

169

34

8

0

25

C.26 – Manufacture of computer, electronic and
optical products

266

33

5

0

26

C.27 – Manufacture of electrical equipment

974

329

272

2

27

C.28 – Manufacture of machinery and equipment
n.e.c.

318

68

9

0

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2024
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

Circular economy (CE)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

[Gross] carrying amount

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

Pollution (PPC)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

[Gross] carrying amount

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

[Gross] carrying amount

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WMR + CE + P + BE)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

[Gross] carrying amount

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Of which
Of which
environenvironmentally
mentally
sustainable
sustainable
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
(CCM +
(CCM +
Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures
CCA + Exposures
CCA +
eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for WTR + CE eligible for WTR + CE
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the + PPC +
the + PPC +
taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
BIO) taxonomy
BIO)
0

0

0

0

139

0

0

1

0

0

252

59

0

0

0

0

0

0
47

0

0

0

0

225

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

1

0

0

15

2

0

0

0

0

12

10

5

287

82

1

9,829

1,993

1

14

0

0

738

10

0

15

0

0

325

33

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

4

1

0

0

0

0

152

0

0

1

0

0

25

1

0

0

0

0

52

3

0

1

0

0

145

3

0

0

0

0

43

0

0

3

0

0

223

190

1

2

1

0

491

50

0

4

80

0

782

1

0

4

0

0

239

38

0

8

0

0

285

57

0

2

0

0

621

160

0

1

0

0

184

34

0

120

1

0

408

33

2

57

0

0

1,064

331

0

41

0

0

360

68

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

839

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Breakdown by sector

in millions of euros

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

28

C.29 – Manufacture of motor vehicles, trailers and
semi‑trailers

2,150

615

188

0

29

C.30 – Manufacture of other transport equipment

808

294

5

0

30

C.31 – Manufacture of furniture

4

0

0

0

31

C.32 – Other manufacturing

65

4

44

0

32

C.33 – Repair and installation of machinery and
equipment

496

63

92

3

33

D – Electricity, gas, steam and air conditioning supply

5,201

2,589

1,024

37

34

D35.1 – Electric power generation, transmission
and distribution

4,781

2,412

1,024

37

35

D35.11 – Production of electricity

3,301

1,394

952

0

36

D35.2 – Manufacture of gas; distribution of
gaseous fuels through mains

214

145

0

0

37

D35.3 – Steam and air conditioning supply

206

33

0

0
13

38

E – Water supply; sewerage, waste management and
remediation activities

39

F – Construction

40

840

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

F.41 – Construction of buildings

649

197

13

1,327

272

110

1

745

184

94

0

41

F.42 – Civil engineering

266

48

14

1

42

F.43 – Specialised construction activities

315

40

3

1

43

G – Wholesale and retail trade; repair of motor
vehicles and motorcycles

3,696

402

489

5

44

H – Transportation and storage

2,091

462

354

7

45

H.49 – Land transport and transport via pipelines

711

163

194

2

46

H.50 – Water transport

221

15

19

0

47

H.51 – Air transport

337

5

0

0

48

H.52 – Warehousing and support activities for
transportation

818

276

142

5

49

H.53 – Postal and courier activities

5

3

0

0

50

I – Accommodation and food service activities

218

55

75

4

51

L – Real estate activities

2,560

592

285

23

52

K – Financial and insurance activities

2,891

258

64

0

53

Exposures to other sectors
(NACE codes J, M - U)

7,045

1,184

1,053

92

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2024
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

Circular economy (CE)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

[Gross] carrying amount

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

Pollution (PPC)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

[Gross] carrying amount

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

[Gross] carrying amount

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WMR + CE + P + BE)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

[Gross] carrying amount

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Of which
Of which
environenvironmentally
mentally
sustainable
sustainable
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
(CCM +
(CCM +
Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures
CCA + Exposures
CCA +
eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for WTR + CE eligible for WTR + CE
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the + PPC +
the + PPC +
taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
BIO) taxonomy
BIO)
0

0

0

0

2,179

615

1

13

1

1

917

294

0

2

0

0

6

0

0

0

0

0

65

4

0

1

0

0

521

67

66

21

10

0

5,591

2,626

51

16

3

0

5,116

2,449

12

14

2

0

3,579

1,394

1

0

2

0

263

145

15

4

4

0

212

33

43

38

67

0

754

210

1

41

0

0

1,389

273
184

0

13

0

0

764

0

24

0

0

304

48

1

3

0

0

321

41

7

125

51

0

3,949

407

7

50

1

0

2,551

469

4

4

1

0

756

164

0

0

0

0

252

15

0

0

0

0

337

5
281

4

46

0

0

1,201

0

0

0

0

5

3

0

0

0

1

219

59

0

28

0

0

2,636

614

1

201

9

0

3,065

259

2

455

8

1

8,143

1,275

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

841

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Breakdown by sector

in millions of euros

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

2

0

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

1

A – Agriculture, forestry and fishing

24

0

2

B – Mining and quarrying

231

152

0

0

192

144

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

3

B.05 – Mining of coal and lignite

4

B.06 – Extraction of crude petroleum and natural
gas

5

B.07 – Mining of metal ores

6

0

6

B.08 – Other mining and quarrying

13

2

1

0

7

B.09 – Mining support service activities

20

6

1

0

8

842

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

6,174

1,511

201

140

9

C – Manufacturing
C.10 – Manufacture of food products

143

4

1

0

10

C.11 – Manufacture of beverages

117

31
4

1

31

23

11

C.12 – Manufacture of tobacco products

0

0

12

C.13 – Manufacture of textiles

1

0

13

C.14 – Manufacture of wearing apparel

7

0

14

C.15 – Manufacture of leather and related
products

7

2

15

C.16 – Manufacture of wood and of products of
wood and cork

18

4

16

C.17 – Manufacture of paper and paper products

63

1

17

C.18 – Printing and reproduction of recorded media

19

2

18

C.19 – Manufacture of coke and refined petroleum
products

139

67

1

0

19

C.20 – Manufacture of chemicals and chemical
products

502

98

9

2

20

C.21 – Manufacture of basic pharmaceutical
products and pharmaceutical preparations

130

8

0

0

21

C.22 – Manufacture of rubber products

156

4

16

2

22

C.23 – Manufacture of other non‑metallic mineral
products

154

48

26

22

23

C.24 – Manufacture of basic metals

523

129

16

9

24

C.25 – Manufacture of fabricated metal products,
except machinery and equipment

124

20

3

1

25

C.26 – Manufacture of computer, electronic and
optical products

126

19

1

0

26

C.27 – Manufacture of electrical equipment

724

263

0

0

27

C.28 – Manufacture of machinery and equipment
n.e.c.

317

73

5

1

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2023
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Circular economy (CE)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Pollution (PPC)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WMR + CE + P + BE)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

[Gross] carrying amount

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Of which
Of which
environenvironmentally
mentally
sustainable
sustainable
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
(CCM +
(CCM +
Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures
CCA + Exposures
CCA +
eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for WTR + CE eligible for WTR + CE
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the + PPC +
the + PPC +
taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
BIO) taxonomy
BIO)
24

0

232

152

0

0

192

144

6

0

13

2

21

6

6,375

1,651

143

4

117

31

0

0

4

1

7

0

7

2

18

4

95

24

19

2

140

68

511

99

131

8

172

5

180

70

539

138

127

21

127

19

724

263

322

74

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

843

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Breakdown by sector

in millions of euros

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

Non‑Financial corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

28

C.29 – Manufacture of motor vehicles, trailers and
semi‑trailers

1,417

263

87

79

29

C.30 – Manufacture of other transport equipment

1,022

357

0

0

30

C.31 – Manufacture of furniture

6

0

31

C.32 – Other manufacturing

58

3

1

0

32

C.33 – Repair and installation of machinery and
equipment

400

114

1

0

33

D – Electricity, gas, steam and air conditioning supply

5,556

2,520

34

D35.1 – Electric power generation, transmission
and distribution

5,284

2,443

35

D35.11 – Production of electricity

4,296

1,572

36

D35.2 – Manufacture of gas; distribution of
gaseous fuels through mains

144

72

37

D35.3 – Steam and air conditioning supply

128

5

38

E – Water supply; sewerage, waste management and
remediation activities

39

F – Construction

234

117

2

1

1,364

437

2

1

40

F.41 – Construction of buildings

824

225

1

0

41

F.42 – Civil engineering

270

50

3

1

42

F.43 – Specialised construction activities

268

162

0

0

43

G – Wholesale and retail trade; repair of motor
vehicles and motorcycles

3,507

1,228

169

59

44

H – Transportation and storage

1,457

432

10

3

H.49 – Land transport and transport via pipelines

465

97

3

1

7

2

45

844

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

46

H.50 – Water transport

208

36

47

H.51 – Air transport

16

3

48

H.52 – Warehousing and support activities for
transportation

765

294

49

H.53 – Postal and courier activities

3

1

50

I – Accommodation and food service activities

58

1

6

0

51

L – Real estate activities

1,647

338

770

158

52

K – Financial and insurance activities

6,113

2,226

25

9

53

Exposures to other sectors
(NACE codes J, M - U)

29,555

9,215

96

31

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Exposures eligible
for the taxonomy

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2023
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Circular economy (CE)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Pollution (PPC)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WMR + CE + P + BE)
Non‑Financial
corporates (Subject
to NFRD)

[Gross] carrying amount

SMEs and other NFC
not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

Of which
Of which
environenvironmentally
mentally
sustainable
sustainable
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
Of which
(CCM +
(CCM +
Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures environ- Exposures
CCA + Exposures
CCA +
eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for mentally eligible for WTR + CE eligible for WTR + CE
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the sustainable
the + PPC +
the + PPC +
taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(WTR) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(CE) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(PPC) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
(BIO) taxonomy
BIO) taxonomy
BIO)
1,503

342

1,022

357

6

0

59

3

400

114

5,556

2,520

5,284

2,443

4,296

1,572

144

72

128

5

236

118

1,366

438

825

225

273

51

268

162

3,677

1,287

1,467

435

468

98

208

36

16

3

772

297

3

1

63

1

2,417

496

6,138

2,235

29,651

9,245

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

7

845

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 63: GAR STOCK KPI (MEASURE BASED ON CAPEX)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets
funding taxonomy relevant sector
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

% (of covered assets)

Of which
transitional

Of which
enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

GAR – Covered assets in both numerator
and denominator
1

51.68%

5.01%

1.63%

0.83%

1.01%

0.04%

2

Financial undertakings

22.44%

2.91%

0.06%

1.99%

1.53%

0.00%

3

Credit institutions

18.25%

0.07%

0.00%

0.05%

0.05%

0.00%

4

Loans and advances

31.72%

0.05%

0.00%

0.05%

0.04%

0.00%

5

Debt securities

17.95%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

6

Equity instruments

4.39%

0.18%

0.00%

0.12%

0.13%

0.00%

25.12%

4.73%

0.10%

3.23%

2.48%

0.00%

7

Other financial corporations

8

of which investment firms

30.38%

6.27%

0.29%

5.45%

1.34%

0.00%

9

Loans and advances

25.84%

4.38%

0.20%

2.85%

0.50%

0.00%

10

Debt securities

36.46%

8.18%

0.38%

7.75%

2.03%

0.00%

11

Equity instruments

5.04%

0.55%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

53.96%

9.43%

0.11%

8.65%

10.91%

0.00%

12

of which management companies

13

Loans and advances

65.14%

11.43%

0.14%

10.30%

15.98%

0.00%

14

Debt securities

55.90%

12.31%

0.13%

12.19%

3.58%

0.00%

15

Equity instruments

16.03%

0.60%

0.00%

0.42%

0.38%

0.00%

11.56%

2.14%

0.00%

0.01%

0.00%

0.00%

16

of which insurance undertakings

17

Loans and advances

10.83%

2.29%

0.00%

0.01%

0.00%

0.00%

18

Debt securities

10.90%

2.90%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

19

Equity instruments

13.91%

0.95%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

20

Non‑financial undertakings

20.96%

4.83%

0.48%

2.10%

2.83%

0.11%

21

Loans and advances

20.44%

4.60%

0.50%

1.97%

2.88%

0.12%

22

Debt securities

70.73%

28.99%

0.04%

16.31%

4.84%

0.14%

23

Equity instruments

17.46%

2.42%

0.00%

0.36%

0.31%

0.00%

0.35%

0.43%

0.02%

24

74.51%

5.61%

2.55%

25

of which loans collateralised by
residential immovable property

100.00%

8.42%

3.82%

26

of which building renovation loans

100.00%

of which motor vehicle loans

100.00%

2.10%

0.69%

27

846

Loans and advances, debt securities and equity
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation

Households

28

Local government financing

29

Housing financing

30

Other local government financing

31

Collateral obtained by taking possession:
residential and commercial immovable
properties

32

Total GAR assets

0.16%

0.16%

21.73%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Of which
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2024
Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)

of which towards taxonomy relevant of which towards taxonomy relevant of which towards taxonomy relevant of which towards taxonomy relevant
of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
sectors
sectors
sectors
sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total
Proportion of total
Proportion of total
Proportion of total
covered assets
covered assets
covered assets
covered assets
Proportion of total covered assets
funding taxonomy
funding taxonomy
funding taxonomy
funding taxonomy
funding taxonomy relevant sector
relevant sector
relevant sector
relevant sector
relevant sector
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which
Use of Of which
Proceeds enabling

Of which
Use of Of which
Proceeds enabling

Of which
Use of Of which
Proceeds enabling

Of which
Use of Of which
Proceeds enabling

Of which
Use of
Of which
Proceeds transitional

Proportion
of total
Of which
assets
enabling
covered

0.02%

0.27%

0.04%

0.00%

52.40%

5.04%

1.63%

0.83%

21.90%

0.00%

0.44%

0.01%

0.00%

23.01%

2.91%

0.06%

1.99%

1.92%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

18.25%

0.07%

0.00%

0.05%

0.75%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

31.72%

0.05%

0.00%

0.05%

0.22%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

17.95%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.31%

0.00%

0.01%

0.00%

0.00%

4.41%

0.18%

0.00%

0.12%

0.21%

0.00%

0.72%

0.01%

0.00%

26.05%

4.73%

0.10%

3.23%

1.17%

0.00%

2.31%

0.04%

0.00%

33.34%

6.27%

0.29%

5.45%

0.34%

0.00%

0.43%

0.11%

0.00%

28.09%

4.38%

0.20%

2.85%

0.12%

0.00%

3.76%

0.00%

0.00%

40.23%

8.18%

0.38%

7.75%

0.19%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

5.04%

0.55%

0.00%

0.00%

0.02%

0.00%

0.33%

0.00%

0.00%

54.39%

9.43%

0.11%

8.65%

0.23%

0.00%

0.46%

0.00%

0.00%

65.77%

11.43%

0.14%

10.30%

0.14%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

55.90%

12.31%

0.13%

12.19%

0.04%

0.00%

0.14%

0.00%

0.00%

16.17%

0.60%

0.00%

0.42%

0.04%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

11.56%

2.14%

0.00%

0.01%

0.61%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

10.83%

2.29%

0.00%

0.01%

0.30%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

10.90%

2.90%

0.00%

0.00%

0.16%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

13.91%

0.95%

0.00%

0.00%

0.14%

0.08%

0.75%

0.14%

0.00%

23.10%

4.94%

0.48%

2.10%

6.81%

0.08%

0.76%

0.14%

0.00%

22.66%

4.72%

0.50%

1.97%

6.54%

0.36%

0.61%

0.10%

0.00%

71.41%

29.14%

0.04%

16.31%

0.08%

0.00%

0.17%

0.00%

0.00%

0.36%

17.61%

2.42%

0.00%

74.51%

5.61%

2.55%

12.70%

100.00%

8.42%

3.82%

8.45%

100.00%

7

0.18%

0.20%

100.00%

0.81%

0.16%

0.48%

0.16%

0.48%

0.01%
0.01%

0.11%

0.02%

0.00%

22.03%

2.12%

0.69%

0.35%

21.91%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

847

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)

of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets
funding taxonomy relevant sector
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

% (of covered assets)

Of which
transitional Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

GAR – Covered assets in both numerator
and denominator
1
2

Financial undertakings

3

Credit institutions

44.08%

2.94%

1.53%

0.69%

0.20%

0.06%

8.83%

1.47%

1.36%

1.13%

0.06%

0.01%

0.01%

0.01%

0.07%

0.01%

7.72%

4

Loans and advances

18.65%

5

Debt securities

11.82%

6
7
8

Equity instruments
Other financial corporations
of which investment firms

0.00%
9.04%

1.74%

1.61%

1.34%

7.46%

1.29%

1.29%

0.96%

9

Loans and advances

6.93%

0.90%

0.90%

0.43%

10

Debt securities

12.11%

2.92%

2.92%

2.85%
5.84%

11
12

Equity instruments
27.86%

6.26%

6.26%

13

Loans and advances

34.65%

7.83%

7.83%

7.31%

14

Debt securities

1.80%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

3.49%

0.67%

0.00%

0.00%

0.06%

0.01%

0.00%

0.01%

15
16

of which management companies

Equity instruments
of which insurance undertakings

17

Loans and advances

18

Debt securities

19

Equity instruments

10.37%

1.99%

0.00%

0.00%

20

Non‑financial undertakings

21.60%

7.02%

3.48%

1.40%

0.50%

0.16%

21

Loans and advances

20.03%

6.28%

3.13%

1.24%

0.50%

0.16%

22

Debt securities

70.51%

54.80%

54.81%

25.45%

70.23%

21.70%

0.30%

0.16%

1.63%

0.85%

0.38%

0.11%

0.03%

23
24

848

Loans and advances, debt securities and equity
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation

Equity instruments
Households

74.00%

25

of which loans collateralised by
residential immovable property

100.00%

26

of which building renovation loans

100.00%

27

of which motor vehicle loans

100.00%

28

Local government financing

29

Housing financing

30

Other local government financing

31

Collateral obtained by taking possession:
residential and commercial immovable
properties

32

Total GAR assets

24.42%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Of which
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2023
Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
assets
assets
assets
assets
Proportion of total covered assets
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant sector
sector
sector
sector
sector
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which
Use of Of which
Proceeds enabling

Of which
Use of Of which
Proceeds enabling

Of which
Use of Of which
Proceeds enabling

Of which
Use of Of which
Proceeds enabling

Of which
Use of
Of which
Proceeds transitional

Proportion
of total
Of which
assets
enabling covered

44.28%

3.00%

1.53%

0.69%

28.05%

8.89%

1.48%

1.36%

1.13%

3.49%

0.01%

0.01%

0.00%

7.72%
18.65%

0.54%

11.82%

0.06%
0.26%
0.22%

9.11%

1.75%

1.61%

1.34%

2.95%

7.53%

1.30%

1.29%

0.96%

2.02%

7.04%

0.91%

0.90%

0.43%

1.34%

12.11%

2.92%

2.92%

2.85%

0.48%

28.04%

6.30%

6.26%

5.84%

0.34%

34.88%

7.88%

7.83%

7.31%

0.27%

0.20%

1.80%

0.03%
0.04%

3.49%

0.67%

0.59%
0.24%
0.15%

10.37%

1.99%

22.10%

7.18%

0.20%
3.48%

1.40%

11.01%
10.66%

20.53%

6.44%

3.13%

1.24%

70.51%

54.81%

54.81%

25.45%

70.57%

21.80%

0.09%
0.26%

74.00%

13.08%

100.00%

8.86%

100.00%

0.20%

100.00%

0.62%

7

0.48%
0.48%

24.53%

1.66%

0.85%

0.38%

28.06%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

849

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 64: GAR FLOW KPI (MEASURE BASED ON CAPEX)

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Water and marine resources (WTR)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets
funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered
assets
funding taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which Use
of Proceeds

% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)

Of which
transitional

Of which
enabling

Of which Use
of Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which Use
of Proceeds

GAR – Covered assets in both
numerator
and denominator

10.93%

(6.08)%

1.10%

0.10%

(3.34)%

0.18%

(0.11)%

2

Financial undertakings

(9.41)%

(0.46)%

3.10%

(0.02)%

(1.92)%

0.02%

0.00%

3

Credit institutions

1

41.77%

0.21%

0.00%

0.16%

0.16%

0.00%

0.00%

4

Loans and advances

36.01%

0.07%

0.00%

0.07%

0.06%

0.00%

0.00%

5

Debt securities, including UoP

42.37%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

6

Equity instruments

(4,660.65)%

(190.10)%

0.00% (126.74)% (137.30)%

0.00%

0.00%

7

(2.28)%

(0.36)%

2.67%

0.01%

(1.63)%

0.02%

0.00%

8

of which investment firms

2.68%

0.25%

1.50%

0.03%

(0.19)%

0.01%

0.00%

9

Loans and advances

5.02%

0.55%

0.97%

0.18%

0.07%

0.02%

0.00%

10

Debt securities, including
UoP

(5.28)%

(0.83)%

4.73%

(0.64)%

(1.45)%

0.00%

0.00%

11

Equity instruments

(0.73)%

(0.08)%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

12

of which management
companies

(29.25)%

(0.68)%

19.71%

(0.29)% (23.30)%

0.13%

0.00%

13

Loans and advances

(2.89)%

3.40%

17.30%

3.64% (19.16)%

0.11%

0.00%

14

Debt securities, including
UoP

367.51%

83.23%

0.86%

82.37%

24.19%

0.00%

0.00%

15

Equity instruments

77.07%

2.89%

0.00%

2.04%

1.85%

0.00%

0.00%

108.00%

19.78%

0.00%

0.05%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

47.25%

10.02%

0.00%

0.03%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%

16

Other financial corporations

of which insurance
undertakings

17

Loans and advances

18

Debt securities, including
UoP

74.13%

19.72%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

19

Equity instruments

(0.43)%

5.18%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

20

Non‑financial undertakings

22.78%

10.99%

8.89%

0.14%

(3.73)%

0.23%

(0.14)%

21

Loans and advances

19.30%

9.25%

7.80%

(0.07)%

22

Debt securities, including UoP

65.40%

661.19%

1,341.26%

23

Equity instruments

216.38%

75.09%

1.13%

118.76%

493.21%

223.97%
(575.44)%

24

Households

25

of which loans collateralised by
residential immovable property

100.00% (1,267.19)%

26

of which building renovation
loans

100.00%

27

of which motor vehicle loans

100.00%

28

850

Loans and advances, debt securities
and equity instruments not HfT
eligible for GAR calculation

Local government financing

29

Housing financing

30

Other local government
financing

31

Collateral obtained by taking
possession: residential and
commercial immovable properties

32

Total GAR assets

(3.71)%

0.23%

(0.14)%

240.31% (113.68)%

(3.33)%

(8.47)%

(0.39)%

0.39%

0.00%

0.41%

3.16%

0.01%

0.01%

3.16%

0.01%

0.01%

10.93%

(6.07)%

1.10%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

0.10%

(3.34)%

0.18%

(0.11)%

Of which
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2024
Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered
assets
funding taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered
assets
funding taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Proportion of total covered
assets
funding taxonomy relevant
sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
transitional

Proportion of
Of which total new assets
covered
enabling

(0.11)%

(0.19)%

0.00%

1.06%

(11.57)%

(2.25)%

(0.14)%

(125.33)%

0.00%

(0.01)%

0.00%

(9.66)%

(0.24)%

1.39%

0.06%

(35.68)%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

40.17%

0.02%

0.00%

0.02%

5.77%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

36.08%

0.03%

0.00%

0.03%

4.21%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

42.40%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

1.57%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

(2,728.51)%

(1.06)%

0.00%

0.00%

(0.01)%

0.00%

(0.01)%

0.00%

(2.72)%

(0.20)%

1.20%

0.05%

(41.45)%

0.00%

(0.01)%

0.00%

1.25%

0.36%

0.81%

0.16%

(40.06)%

0.00%

(0.01)%

0.00%

4.01%

0.55%

0.76%

0.27%

(29.08)%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

(9.81)%

(0.22)%

1.54%

(0.21)%

(6.71)%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

(0.17)%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

(4.26)%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

(10.22)%

(1.98)%

6.74%

(1.70)%

(2.57)%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

11.64%

(0.55)%

5.94%

(0.33)%

(2.93)%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

368.43%

26.18%

0.75%

25.53%

0.13%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

49.34%

0.01%

0.00%

0.00%

0.23%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

116.37%

15.04%

(0.02)%

0.05%

1.17%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

49.68%

6.92%

(0.01)%

0.04%

1.72%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

69.38%

13.60%

0.00%

0.00%

0.60%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

(7.80)%

2.16%

0.00%

0.00%

(1.15)%

(0.14)%

(0.25)%

(0.01)%

9.67%

3.57%

5.07%

(0.20)%

(93.73)%

(0.14)%

(0.25)%

(0.01)%

7.40%

2.95%

4.56%

(0.35)%

(92.01)%

(8.47)%

(2.35)%

0.00%

(96.28)%

260.55%

639.58%

153.77%

(0.09)%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

143.15%

25.09%

0.57%

0.04%

(1.64)%

0.00%

118.76%

493.21%

223.97%

3.60%

0.00%

100.00%

(1,267.19)%

(575.44)%

(1.40)%

0.00%

100.00%

0.33%

100.00%

5.35%

0.01%

0.01%

0.01%

3.20%

0.48%

0.01%

0.01%

0.01%

3.20%

0.48%

(0.11)%

(0.19)%

0.00%

8.89%

7

(0.04)%
(5.90)%

1.10%

0.93%

(125.36)%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

851

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 65: KPI OFF‑BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES (STOCKS, MEASURE BASED ON CAPEX)

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets
funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

% (compared to total eligible off‑balance sheet assets)

852

Of which
transitional

Of which
enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

1

Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)

14.26%

5.56%

0.53%

3.18%

2.57%

0.22%

2

Assets under management (AuM KPI)

7.22%

2.53%

0.17%

1.04%

0.93%

0.10%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Of which
enabling

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2024
Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)

Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding
Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
assets
assets
assets
assets
Proportion of total covered assets funding
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant
taxonomy relevant sectors
sectors
sectors
sectors
sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of Of which Of which
Proceeds transitional enabling

Of which
enabling

0.26%

0.54%

0.34%

0.01%

16.02%

5.77%

0.53%

3.18%

0.06%

0.00%

0.25%

0.01%

8.52%

2.67%

0.17%

1.04%

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

853

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets
funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

% (compared to total eligible off‑balance sheet assets)

854

Of which
transitional

Of which
enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds Of which enabling

1

Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)

14.71%

7.58%

4.64%

2.87%

0.20%

0.10%

0.00%

0.00%

2

Assets under management (AuM KPI)

18.98%

3.24%

0.24%

1.43%

0.28%

0.07%

0.00%

0.00%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2023
Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)

Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding
Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
assets
assets
assets
assets
Proportion of total covered assets funding
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant
taxonomy relevant sectors
sectors
sectors
sectors
sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which
Use of
Proceeds

Of which
Use of Of which Of which
Proceeds transitional enabling

Of which
enabling
14.90%

7.68%

0.00%

4.64%

2.87%

19.27%

3.31%

0.00%

0.24%

1.43%

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

855

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 66: KPI OFF‑BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES (FLOWS, MEASURE BASED ON CAPEX)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets
funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy‑aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

% (compared to total eligible off‑balance sheet assets)

856

1

Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)

2

Assets under management (AuM KPI)

Of which
transitional Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds Of which enabling

7.58%

5.63%

0.00%

6.21%

1.09%

(2.19)%

(0.06)%

(511.37)%

(9.31)%

0.00%

(1.67)%

(9.15)%

41.65%

1.98%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2024
Water and marine resources (WTR)

Circular economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)

Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding Proportion of total covered assets funding
Proportion of total covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
(Taxonomy‑eligible)
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
Proportion of total covered
assets
assets
assets
assets
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant
funding taxonomy relevant
sectors
sectors
sectors
sectors
Proportion of total covered assets funding
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
(Taxonomy‑aligned)
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy‑aligned)
Of which Use
of Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which Use
of Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which Use
of Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which Use
of Proceeds

Of which
enabling

Of which Use
Of which
of Proceeds transitional

Of which
enabling

(0.25)%

(0.52)%

(0.33)%

(0.01)%

6.17%

5.56%

6.21%

1.09%

3.71%

0.23%

15.04%

0.30%

(447.59)%

(4.90)%

(1.67)%

(9.15)%

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

857

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

The following tables relate to information linked to financing of nuclear energy and fossil fuel activities, as a complement to the GAR stock KPI in
its two measures (turnover based and CapEx based), according to the requirements of the Delegated Act of July 2022.

➤ TABLE NO. 67: NUCLEAR AND FOSSIL GAS RELATED ACTIVITIES
31 December 2024
Nuclear energy related activities
1.

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of
innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel
cycle.

YES

2.

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to
produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen
production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available technologies.

YES

3.

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce
electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen
production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades.

YES

Fossil gas related activities
4.
5.
6.

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that
produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.

YES

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool
and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.

YES

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation
facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.

YES

31 December 2023
Nuclear energy related activities
1.

2.

3.

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of
innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel
cycle.

YES

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to
produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen
production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available technologies.

YES

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce
electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen
production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades.

YES

Fossil gas related activities
4.

858

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that
produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.

YES

5.

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool
and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.

YES

6.

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation
facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.

YES

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

➤ TABLE NO. 68: TAXONOMY‑ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (DENOMINATOR OF GAR STOCK, MEASURED ON A
TURNOVER BASIS)

31 December 2024
TOTAL CCM + CCA

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

1. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

%

Climate change mitigation
(CCM)

Climate change adaptation
(CCA)

Amount

Amount

0.00%

%

%

0.00%

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0

0.00%

0

0.00%

0.00%

3. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

255

0.02%

255

0.02%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

4. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

5. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

10

6. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

10

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑aligned economic
activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator
of the applicable KPI

23,230

1.82%

23,031

1.80%

199

0.02%

8. TOTAL APPLICABLE KPI

23,495

1.84%

23,296

1.82%

199

0.02%

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

859

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

31 December 2023
TOTAL CCM + CCA

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

Climate change adaptation
(CCA)

Amount

Amount

%

%

1. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.02%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

3. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

241

4. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.02%

241

0.00%

5. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

9

6. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

860

%

Climate change mitigation
(CCM)

0.00%

9

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑aligned economic
activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator
of the applicable KPI

9,005

0.76%

8,888

0.75%

117

0.01%

8. TOTAL APPLICABLE KPI

9,254

0.78%

9,137

0.77%

117

0.01%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

➤ TABLE NO. 69: TAXONOMY‑ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (NUMERATOR OF GAR STOCK, MEASURED ON A
TURNOVER BASIS)

31 December 2024
TOTAL CCM + CCA

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

1. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI

%

Climate change mitigation
(CCM)

Climate change adaptation
(CCA)

Amount

Amount

0.00%

%

%

0.00%

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0

0.00%

0

0.00%

0.00%

3. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

255

1.09%

255

1.09%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.04%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

4. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

5. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

10

6. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.04%

10

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑aligned economic
activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator
of the applicable KPI

23,230

98.87%

23,031

98.03%

199

0.85%

8. TOTAL AMOUNT AND PROPORTION OF TAXONOMY‑ALIGNED
ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES IN THE NUMERATOR OF THE APPLICABLE
KPI

23,495

100%

23,296

99.15%

199

0.85%

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

861

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

31 December 2023
TOTAL CCM + CCA

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

Climate change adaptation
(CCA)

Amount

Amount

%

%

1. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

2.63%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.09%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

3. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

241

4. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

2.60%

241

0.00%

5. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

9

6. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

862

%

Climate change mitigation
(CCM)

0.09%

9

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑aligned economic
activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator
of the applicable KPI

9,005

97.31%

8,888

97.27%

117

100.00%

8. TOTAL AMOUNT AND PROPORTION OF TAXONOMY‑ALIGNED
ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES IN THE NUMERATOR OF THE APPLICABLE
KPI

9,254

100%

9,137

100%

117

100%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

➤ TABLE NO. 70: TAXONOMY‑ELIGIBLE BUT NOT TAXONOMY‑ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (DENOMINATOR OF GAR
STOCK, MEASURED ON A TURNOVER BASIS)

31 December 2024
TOTAL CCM + CCA

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

%

Climate change mitigation
(CCM)

Climate change adaptation
(CCA)

Amount

Amount

%

%

1. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

3. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

4. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

184

0.01%

184

0.01%

0.00%

5. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

4

0.00%

4

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

6. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1
to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI

250,970

19.66%

247,634

19.40%

3,336

0.26%

8. TOTAL AMOUNT AND PROPORTION OF TAXONOMY ELIGIBLE BUT
NOT TAXONOMY‑ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES IN THE
DENOMINATOR

251,158

19.67%

247,822

19.41%

3,336

0.26%

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

863

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

31 December 2023
TOTAL CCM + CCA

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

Climate change adaptation
(CCA)

Amount

Amount

%

%

1. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

3. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

86

0.01%

86

0.01%

0.00%

4. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

85

0.01%

85

0.01%

0.00%

5. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

5

0.00%

5

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

6. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

864

%

Climate change mitigation
(CCM)

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1
to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI

267,740

22.48%

267,258

22.44%

481

0.04%

8. TOTAL AMOUNT AND PROPORTION OF TAXONOMY ELIGIBLE BUT
NOT TAXONOMY‑ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES IN THE
DENOMINATOR

267,915

22.50%

267,434

22.45%

481

0.04%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

➤ TABLE NO. 71: TAXONOMY NON‑ELIGIBLE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (DENOMINATOR OF GAR STOCK, MEASURED ON A
TURNOVER BASIS)

31 December 2024
TOTAL

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

%

1. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

3. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

67

0.01%

4. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

5. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

6. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑non‑eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1
to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI

260,951

20.44%

8. TOTAL AMOUNT AND PROPORTION OF TAXONOMY‑NON‑ELIGIBLE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES
IN THE DENOMINATOR OF THE APPLICABLE KPI

261,018

20.44%

31 December 2023
TOTAL

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

%

1. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

3. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

70

7

0.01%

4. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

5. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

6. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑non‑eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1
to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI

382,811

32.14%

8. TOTAL AMOUNT AND PROPORTION OF TAXONOMY‑NON‑ELIGIBLE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES
IN THE DENOMINATOR OF THE APPLICABLE KPI

382,881

32.15%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

865

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 72: TAXONOMY‑ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (DENOMINATOR OF GAR STOCK, MEASURED ON A CAPEX
BASIS)

31 December 2024
TOTAL CCM + CCA

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

1. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

866

%

Climate change mitigation
(CCM)

Climate change adaptation
(CCA)

Amount

Amount

0.00%

%

%

0.00%

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

54

0.00%

54

0.00%

0.00%

3. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

420

0.03%

420

0.03%

0.00%

4. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

1

0.00%

1

0.00%

0.00%

5. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

6. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑aligned economic
activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator
of the applicable KPI

26,580

2.08%

26,389

2.07%

191

0.02%

8. TOTAL APPLICABLE KPI

27,055

2.12%

26,864

2.10%

191

0.02%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2023
TOTAL CCM + CCA

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

1. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

%

Climate change mitigation
(CCM)

Climate change adaptation
(CCA)

Amount

Amount

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

51

0.00%

3. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

400

0.03%

%

%

0.00%

0.00%

51

0.00%

0.00%

400

0.03%

0.00%

4. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

5. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

6. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑aligned economic
activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator
of the applicable KPI

19,341

1.62%

18,931

1.59%

410

0.03%

8. TOTAL APPLICABLE KPI

19,793

1.66%

19,383

1.63%

410

0.03%

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

867

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 73: TAXONOMY‑ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (NUMERATOR OF GAR STOCK, MEASURED ON A CAPEX
BASIS)

31 December 2024
TOTAL CCM + CCA

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

1. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI

868

%

Climate change mitigation
(CCM)

Climate change adaptation
(CCA)

Amount

Amount

0.00%

%

%

0.00%

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

54

0.20%

54

0.20%

0.00%

3. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

420

1.55%

420

1.55%

0.00%

4. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

1

0.00%

1

0.00%

0.00%

5. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

6. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑aligned economic
activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator
of the applicable KPI

26,580

98.24%

26,389

97.54%

191

0.71%

8. TOTAL AMOUNT AND PROPORTION OF TAXONOMY‑ALIGNED
ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES IN THE NUMERATOR OF THE APPLICABLE
KPI

27,055

100%

26,864

99.29%

191

0.71%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2023
TOTAL CCM + CCA

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

1. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI

%

Climate change mitigation
(CCM)

Climate change adaptation
(CCA)

Amount

Amount

0.00%

%

%

0.00%

0.00%

51

0.27%

0.00%

2.02%

400

2.06%

0.00%

0.00%

0

0.00%

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

51

0.26%

3. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

400

4. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0

5. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

6. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑aligned economic activity
referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑aligned economic
activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator
of the applicable KPI

19,341

97.72%

18,931

97.67%

410

100.00%

8. TOTAL AMOUNT AND PROPORTION OF TAXONOMY‑ALIGNED
ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES IN THE NUMERATOR OF THE APPLICABLE
KPI

19,793

100%

19,383

100%

410

100%

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

869

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 74: TAXONOMY‑ELIGIBLE BUT NOT TAXONOMY‑ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (DENOMINATOR OF GAR
STOCK, MEASURED ON A CAPEX BASIS)

31 December 2024
TOTAL CCM + CCA

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

Climate change adaptation
(CCA)

Amount

Amount

%

%

1. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

3. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

4. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

92

0.01%

92

0.01%

0.00%

5. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

0

0.00%

0

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

6. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

870

%

Climate change mitigation
(CCM)

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1
to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI

255,661

20.03%

250,410

19.61%

5,251

0.41%

8. TOTAL AMOUNT AND PROPORTION OF TAXONOMY ELIGIBLE BUT
NOT TAXONOMY‑ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES IN THE
DENOMINATOR

255,754

20.03%

250,502

19.62%

5,251

0.41%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2023
TOTAL CCM + CCA

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

%

Climate change mitigation
(CCM)

Climate change adaptation
(CCA)

Amount

Amount

%

%

1. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

3. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

52

0.00%

52

0.00%

0.00%

4. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

26

0.00%

26

0.00%

0.00%

5. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

6. Amount and proportion of taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31
of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the
denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑eligible but not
taxonomy‑aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1
to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI

272,289

22.86%

271,367

22.78%

922

0.08%

8. TOTAL AMOUNT AND PROPORTION OF TAXONOMY ELIGIBLE BUT
NOT TAXONOMY‑ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES IN THE
DENOMINATOR

272,367

22.87%

271,445

22.79%

922

0.08%

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

871

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

➤ TABLE NO. 75: TAXONOMY NON‑ELIGIBLE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (DENOMINATOR OF GAR STOCK, MEASURED ON A
CAPEX BASIS)

31 December 2024
TOTAL

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

1. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

398

0.03%

3. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

39

0.00%

4. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
5. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0

6. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

872

%

0.00%

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑non‑eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1
to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI

255,237

19.99%

8. TOTAL AMOUNT AND PROPORTION OF TAXONOMY‑NON‑ELIGIBLE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES
IN THE DENOMINATOR OF THE APPLICABLE KPI

255,675

20.03%

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

7

31 December 2023
TOTAL

Economic activities
in millions of euros

Amount

1. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

%

0.00%

2. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

378

0.03%

3. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

39

0.00%

4. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
5. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0

6. Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is
taxonomy‑non‑eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation
2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0.00%

0.00%

7. Amount and proportion of other taxonomy‑non‑eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1
to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI

382,464

32.11%

8. TOTAL AMOUNT AND PROPORTION OF TAXONOMY‑NON‑ELIGIBLE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES
IN THE DENOMINATOR OF THE APPLICABLE KPI

382,881

32.15%

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

873

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

REPORT ON THE CERTIFICATION OF SUSTAINABILITY INFORMATION AND
VERIFICATION OF THE DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS UNDER ARTICLE 8 OF
REGULATION (EU) 2020/852, RELATING TO THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2024
This is a free translation into English of the statutory auditors’ report on the certification of sustainability information and verification of the
disclosure requirements under Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the Company issued in French and it is provided solely for the
convenience of English‑speaking users.
This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and the H2A guidelines on “Limited assurance
engagement - Certification of sustainability reporting and verification of disclosure requirements set out in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852".
To the Annual General Meeting of BNP Paribas,
This report is issued in our capacity as statutory auditors of
BNP Paribas. It covers the sustainability information and the
information required by Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852,
relating to the year ended December 31, 2024 and included in the
section entitled “Sustainability statements” of the management
report set out in Chapter 7.1 of the 2024 Universal Registration
Document (hereinafter the “Sustainability statements”).
Pursuant to Article L. 233‑28‑4 of the French Commercial Code,
BNP Paribas is required to include the above‑mentioned information
in a separate section of its management report. This information has
been prepared in the context of the first‑time application of the
aforementioned Articles, a context characterized by uncertainties
regarding the interpretation of the laws and regulations, the use of
significant estimates, the absence of established practices and
frameworks in particular for the double‑materiality assessment, and
an evolving internal control system. This information enables an
understanding of the impact of the activity of the Group on
sustainability matters, as well as the way in which these matters
influence the development of the business of the Group, its
performance and position. Sustainability matters include
environmental, social and corporate governance matters.
Pursuant to Article L. 821‑54 paragraph II of the aforementioned
Code, our responsibility is to carry out the procedures necessary to
issue a conclusion, expressing limited assurance, on:
■ compliance with the sustainability reporting standards adopted

pursuant to Article 29 b of Directive (EU) 2013/34 of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2022
(hereinafter ESRS for European Sustainability Reporting
Standards) of the process implemented by BNP Paribas to
determine the information reported, and compliance with the
requirement to consult the social and economic committee
provided for in the sixth paragraph of Article L. 2312‑17 of the
French Labor Code;
■ compliance of the sustainability information included in the

Sustainability statements with the requirements of
Article L. 233‑28‑4 of the French Commercial Code, including
the ESRS; and
■ compliance with the reporting requirements set out in Article 8

of Regulation (EU) 2020/852.
This engagement is carried out in compliance with the ethical rules,
including independence, and quality control rules prescribed by the
French Commercial Code.

874

It is also governed by the H2A guidelines on “Limited assurance
engagement - Certification of sustainability reporting and verification
of disclosure requirements set out in Article 8 of Regulation (EU)
2020/852".
In the three separate sections of the report that follow, we present,
for each of the sections of our engagement, the nature of the
procedures that we carried out, the conclusions that we drew from
these procedures and, in support of these conclusions, the elements
to which we paid particular attention and the procedures that we
carried out with regard to these elements. We draw your attention to
the fact that we do not express a conclusion on any of these
elements taken individually and that the procedures described
should be considered in the overall context of the formation of the
conclusions issued in respect of each of the three sections of our
engagement.
Finally, where deemed necessary to draw your attention to one or
more disclosures of sustainability information provided by
BNP Paribas in Sustainability statements, we have included an
emphasis of matter(s) paragraph hereafter.

Limits of our engagement
As the purpose of our engagement is to express limited assurance,
the nature (choice of techniques), extent (scope) and timing of the
procedures are less than those required to obtain reasonable
assurance.
Furthermore, this engagement does not provide guarantee regarding
the viability or the quality of the management of BNP Paribas, in
particular it does not provide an assessment, of the relevance of the
choices made by BNP Paribas in terms of action plans, targets,
policies, scenario analyses and transition plans, which would go
beyond compliance with the ESRS reporting requirements.
It does, however, allow us to express conclusions regarding the
Entity’s process for determining the sustainability information to be
reported, the sustainability information itself, and the information
reported pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852, as to the
absence of identification or, on the contrary, the identification of
errors, omissions or inconsistencies of such importance that they
would be likely to influence the decisions that readers of the
information subject to this engagement might make.
Any comparative information that would be included in the
Sustainability statements is not covered by our engagement.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

COMPLIANCE WITH THE ESRS OF THE PROCESS
IMPLEMENTED BY BNP PARIBAS TO
DETERMINE THE INFORMATION REPORTED,
AND COMPLIANCE WITH THE REQUIREMENT
TO CONSULT THE SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC
COMMITTEE PROVIDED FOR IN THE SIXTH
PARAGRAPH OF ARTICLE L. 2312‑17 OF THE
FRENCH LABOR CODE.

7

We interviewed the appropriate persons and inspected the available
documentation in order to assess:
■ the consistency of the main stakeholders identified by the Entity

with the nature of its activities taking into account its business
relationships and value chain;
■ the consistency of the description provided regarding the

organization of the dialogue with the stakeholders and the
consideration of their interests and viewpoints with our
knowledge of the mechanisms implemented by the Entity.

Concerning the identification of impacts, risks
and opportunities

Nature of procedures carried out
Our procedures consisted in verifying that:
■ the process defined and implemented by BNP Paribas has

enabled it, in accordance with the ESRS, to identify and assess
its impacts, risks and opportunities related to sustainability
matters, and to identify the material impacts, risks and
opportunities, that lead to the publication of information
disclosed in the Sustainability statements, and
■ the information provided on this process also complies with the

ESRS.
We also checked the compliance with the requirement to consult the
social and economic committee.

Conclusion of the procedures carried out
On the basis of the procedures we have carried out, we have not
identified any material errors, omissions or inconsistencies regarding
the compliance of the process implemented by BNP Paribas with the
ESRS.

Information relating to the identification of impacts, risks and
opportunities (“IRO”) is mentioned in paragraph 7.1.1.3 entitled
"Material impacts, risks and opportunities" of the Sustainability
statements.
We obtained an understanding of the process implemented by the
Entity to identify actual or potential impacts (negative or positive)
risks and opportunities, in relation to the sustainability matters
mentioned in paragraph AR 16 of the "Application requirements" of
ESRS 1, and those specific to the Entity, as presented in table No 6
set out in paragraph 7.1.1.3.B entitled "Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business
model" of the Sustainability statements.
In particular, we assessed the approach implemented by the Entity
to determine its impacts, which may be a source of risks or
opportunities, including the consideration of the stakeholders’
interests and viewpoints.

We inform you that, as of the date of this report, the consultation of
the social and economic committee provided for in the sixth
paragraph of Article L. 2312‑17 of the French Labor Code has not yet
been performed.

We obtained an understanding of the IROs identified by the Entity,
including in particular a description of their distribution within the
Entity’s own operations and its value chain, as well as their time
horizon (short, medium or long term), and assessed the consistency
of this list with our knowledge of the Entity.

Emphasis of matter

Concerning the assessment of impact materiality and
financial materiality

Without qualifying the conclusion expressed above, we draw your
attention to paragraph 7.1.1.3.A entitled "Description of the
processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks, and
opportunities" of the Sustainability statements, which specifies that
the double materiality assessment process and its results will be
reviewed annually and may therefore evolve.

Information relating to the assessment of impact materiality and
financial materiality is mentioned in paragraph 7.1.1.3.A entitled
"Description of the processes to identify and assess material
impacts, risks and opportunities" of the Sustainability statements.

Elements that received particular attention

Through interviews and inspection of the available documentation,
we obtained an understanding of the process implemented by the
Entity to assess impact materiality and financial materiality, and
assessed its compliance with the criteria defined by ESRS 1.

We present hereafter below the elements that have been the subject
of particular attention on our part concerning the compliance with
the ESRS of the process implemented by BNP Paribas to determine
the information published.

We assessed the way in which the Entity established and applied the
materiality criteria of the information defined by ESRS 1, including
the setting of thresholds, to determine the following material
information published:

Concerning the identification of stakeholders

■ under the indicators relating to material IROs identified in

Information relating to the identification of stakeholders is
mentioned in paragraph 7.1.1.2.B entitled "Interests and views of
stakeholders" of the Sustainability statements.

7

accordance with the relevant thematic ESRS;
■ as entity‑specific disclosures.

We obtained an understanding of the analysis conducted by the
Entity to identify the stakeholders who may affect the entities within
the scope of the information or may be affected by them, through
their activities and direct or indirect business relationships across
the value chain.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

875

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

COMPLIANCE OF THE SUSTAINABILITY
INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS WITH THE
REQUIREMENTS OF ARTICLE L.233‑28‑4 OF THE
FRENCH COMMERCIAL CODE, INCLUDING THE
ESRS

We present hereafter the elements that have been the subject of
particular attention on our part concerning the compliance of this
information with the ESRS.
Our work consisted, in particular, in:
■ conducting interviews with the appropriate persons, to assess

whether the description of the policies, actions and targets
implemented by the Entity covers climate change mitigation
and adaptation;

Nature of procedures carried out
Our procedures consisted in verifying that, in accordance with legal
and regulatory requirements, including the ESRS:

■ assessing the appropriateness of the disclosures provided in

paragraph “7.1.2 Climate change" of the Sustainability
statements and its overall consistency with our knowledge of
the ntity.

■ the disclosures provided enable an understanding of the

general basis for the preparation and governance of the
sustainability information included in the Sustainability
statements, including the basis for determining the information
relating to the value chain and the exemptions from disclosures
used;

With regard to the information published on the greenhouse gas
emissions overview:
■ we assessed the consistency of the scope considered for the

greenhouse gas emissions assessment with the scope of the
consolidated financial statements, activities in its own
operations and across the value chain, upstream and
downstream;

■ the presentation of this information ensures its readability and

understandability;
■ the scope chosen by BNP Paribas for providing this information

is appropriate; and

■ we obtained an understanding of the greenhouse gas emissions

inventory protocol used by the Entity to draw up its greenhouse
gas emissions overview;

■ on the basis of a selection, based on our analysis of the risks of

non‑compliance of the information provided and the
expectations of users, this information does not contain any
material errors, omissions or inconsistencies, i.e. that are likely
to influence the judgement or decisions of users of this
information.

Conclusion of the procedures carried out
Based on the procedures we have carried out, we have not identified
material errors, omissions or inconsistencies regarding the
compliance of the sustainability information included in the
Sustainability
statements,
with
the
requirements
of
Article L. 233‑28‑4 of the French Commercial Code, including the
ESRS.

Emphasis of matter
Without qualifying the conclusion expressed above, we draw your
attention to the information provided in the "Scope 3 emissions of
financed operations" paragraph of Note 7.1.2.3.D of the Sustainability
statements, which details the financial assets excluded from the
calculation scope of scope 3, category 15 financed greenhouse gas
emissions.

■ with regard to scope 3 emissions, we assessed:
■

■

the information collecting process;

■ we assessed the emission factors used and the calculation of

the related conversions, as well as the calculation and
extrapolation assumptions, taking into account the uncertainty
inherent in the state of scientific or economic knowledge and in
the quality of the external data used;
■ we verified the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations used to

prepare this information.
With regard to our verification of the components of the transition
plan for climate change mitigation, our work mainly consisted in:
■ assessing whether the information published in accordance

with the components of the transition plan provides an
appropriate description of the key assumptions, including
perimeter and limits, it being specified that we are not required
to express an opinion on the appropriateness or the level of
ambition of this transition plan’s objectives;
■ assessing whether the components of the transition plan are in

ELEMENTS THAT RECEIVED PARTICULAR
ATTENTION
Information provided in application of
environmental standards (ESRS E1 to E5)
Information published in relation to climate change (ESRS E1) is
mentioned in paragraph 7.1.2 entitled “Climate change" of the
Sustainability statements.

876

the information on the inclusions and exclusions of the
various categories;

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

line with the strategic plan as approved by governing bodies.

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Sustainability statements

COMPLIANCE WITH THE REPORTING
REQUIREMENTS SET OUT IN ARTICLE 8 OF
REGULATION (EU) 2020/852

ELEMENTS THAT RECEIVED PARTICULAR
ATTENTION
Concerning the alignment of eligible activities

Nature of procedures carried out
Our procedures consisted in verifying the process implemented by
BNP Paribas to determine the eligible and aligned nature of the
activities of the entities included in the consolidation.
They also involved verifying the information reported pursuant to
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852, which involves checking:
■ the compliance with the rules applicable to the presentation of

this information
understandable;

to

ensure

that

it

is

7

readable

and

Information on the alignment of activities is set out in
paragraph 7.1.3.3 entitled "Methodology for alignment qualification
under the European Taxonomy" of the Sustainability statements.
Our procedures consisted, in particular, in:
■ assessing the choices made by the Entity as to whether or not

to take into account communications from the European
Commission on the interpretation and implementation of
certain provisions of the Green Taxonomy Framework;
■ conducting interviews with the appropriate persons in order to

■ on the basis of a selection, the absence of material errors,

omissions or inconsistencies in the information provided, i.e.
information likely to influence the judgement or decisions of
users of this information.

Conclusion of the procedures carried out
Based on the procedures we have carried out, we have not identified
any material errors, omissions or inconsistencies relating to
compliance with the requirements of Article 8 of Regulation (EU)
2020/852.

Emphasis of matter
Without qualifying the conclusion expressed above, we draw your
attention to paragraph 7.1.3.3. entitled "Methodology for alignment
qualification under the European Taxonomy" of the Sustainability
statements, which presents the main methodological choices made
by the Company to assess the alignment of housing loans.

obtain an understanding of the general principles of alignment
applied by the Entity, from the Green Taxonomy Framework.

Concerning key performance indicators and
accompanying information
The key performance indicators and accompanying information are
set out in paragraph 7.1.3.4 entitled "Alignment indicator at
31 December 2024" of the Sustainability statements.
With regard to the assets included in the calculation of the Green
Asset Ratio (GAR) presented in the regulatory tables, we mainly
assessed the consistency of the main aggregates with data from
other supervisory statements.
With regard to the other amounts making up the various indicators
of eligible and/or aligned activities (the numerators), we tested the
compliance with the alignment methodology for the selection of
exposures.
Finally, we assessed the consistency of the information set out in
paragraph 7.1.3 entitled "Aligned activities within the meaning of the
European Taxonomy" of the Sustainability statements with our
knowledge of the measures implemented by the Entity.

Paris‑La Défense, March 20, 2025
The Statutory Auditors

7

French original signed by
Deloitte & Associés

Jean‑Vincent Coustel

Ernst & Young et Autres

Julien Rivals

Olivier Drion

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

877

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

7.2 Vigilance plan
FRAMEWORK AND GOVERNANCE
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK
Law No. 2017‑399 of 27 March 2017 on the duty of care of parent
companies and of companies using subcontractors applies to
BNP Paribas and requires a vigilance plan to be established and
implemented to identify and prevent the risk of serious violations of
human rights and fundamental freedoms, and of harm to human
health and safety and to the environment. The law also requires the
preparation of an annual report on the effective implementation of
the Group’s vigilance plan.
BNP Paribas’ vigilance plan applies to all subsidiaries controlled by
the Group and is published in its Universal registration document.
BNP Paribas updates its vigilance plan each year, in particular by
drawing on best practices in this area, and reports on its framework
for monitoring the measures implemented and assessing their
effectiveness in section 5 of this chapter.

ELABORATION OF THE VIGILANCE PLAN
Drafting and approval process
BNP Paribas’ vigilance plan is drafted under the lead of the Company
Engagement Department, in charge of the CSR strategy, with
contributions from:
■ the Human Resources Department (HR) with regard to the

Group’s employees;
■ the Technology & Operational Performance (TOP) Department,

including the central Procurement & Performance (P&P) team
for BNP Paribas' suppliers and subcontractors;
■ the main business lines within BNP Paribas’ three divisions

(Commercial, Personal Banking & Services - CPBS,
Investment & Protection Services
IPS,
and
Corporate & Institutional Banking - CIB) for the distribution of
financial products and services to individuals and for financing,
investment and business advisory activities;

The Corporate Governance, Ethics, Nominations and CSR Committee
(CGEN) reviews BNP Paribas’ vigilance plan and issues
recommendations to the Group’s Board of directors. Among other
duties, the CGEN is responsible for monitoring CSR issues and for the
integration of the CSR issues into the fulfilment of the Group’s
missions.
The Group’s Board of directors, which has a specific role with regard
to CSR, is responsible for approving the BNP Paribas’ vigilance plan.

Internal and external contributions to the BNP
Paribas’ vigilance plan
BNP Paribas’ vigilance plan is prepared taking into account the
Group’s business model, the specificities of its activities and
geographical locations, as well as the information and requests of its
stakeholders. The vigilance plan is therefore updated on an annual
basis, fed by these elements and an ongoing dialogue, in particular
with its employees and representative bodies, its investors and its
customers, as well as with civil society, including NGOs (see section
4.1 Dialogue with stakeholders).
BNP Paribas has identified 21 extra‑financial issues for the Group
and ranked them according to the importance given to each of these
issues, on the one hand, by its employees and on the other hand, by
its external stakeholders.
Internal perception was collected from more than 1,200 Group
employees, while external perception was assessed through the
analysis of the publications of BNP Paribas’ main peers, more than
2,500 regulations applicable to its activities and regions, more than
20,000 industry press articles and more than 450 million messages
posted on X (formerly Twitter).

■ the Finance, Compliance, RISK and LEGAL Departments, which

contribute to overseeing the Group’s environmental, social and
governance (ESG) issues.

878

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

7

The chart below distinguishes between three categories of issues: crucial, major and important.

➤ REPRESENTATION OF BNP PARIBAS’ EXTRA‑FINANCIAL ISSUES ACCORDING TO THEIR IMPORTANCE FOR ITS
STAKEHOLDERS

Important issues
Political and societal risk

Importance for external stakeholders

Crucial issues

Major issues

Data privacy
& security

Ethics & compliance
Fair and inclusive
workplace

Climate change
& energy transition

Responsible investing
and financing
Human rights
Business continuity
Governance
Accessibility for
all to products and services

Corporate economic value
Employment practices
Transparent practices
Talent management

Customer expectations

Digital transformation & Innovation
Fair competitive practices

Biodiversity

Ethics and governance
Clients and innovation

Local community support

Operational environmental impact

Responsible procurement

Environmental and social issues
Employees

Importance for BNP Paribas employees
The interests and points of view of certain Group stakeholders are also taken into account through the double materiality exercise required by
the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) regulation.

CSR STRATEGY & GOVERNANCE
Given its scope and the issues involved, the vigilance plan is part of
BNP Paribas’ CSR strategy and relies on its dedicated governance.

Purpose and Strategic Plan
Contributing to a more sustainable and responsible economy is at
the heart of BNP Paribas’ purpose. The Group’s ambition is to
contribute to the transition of the entire economy to a more
responsible and sustainable model, meeting the needs of the
population without damaging ecosystems, in line with the 17 United
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

accelerate and mobilise all of the Group’s business lines around the
challenges of sustainable finance. The Group has set itself ambitious
objectives in terms of energy transition, biodiversity, social inclusion,
and sustainable savings, investments and financing by 2025 (see
CSR dashboard presented in section 7.1.1 General information, 2.a
Strategy, business model and value chain of the Group’s
Sustainability statements).

7

2024 was a new year of acceleration in the shift of BNP Paribas’
financing from the energy sector to low‑carbon energies (1), mainly
renewable energies, which already accounted for 76% of its total
credit exposure to the energy production sector at 30 September
2024. The Group’s objective is for this share to reach 90% by 2030.

In early 2022, BNP Paribas launched its strategic plan entitled GTS
(Growth, Technology, Sustainability), one of whose three pillars is to

(1) Low‑carbon energies including electricity from renewable and nuclear sources. The scope of low‑carbon energies could evolve according to technological progress to gradually
go beyond the production of energy and include other steps in the value chain such as transport, storage or distribution of low‑carbon energy.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

879

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

CSR Policy and Governance

■ benchmark

scientific work, such as that of the IPCC
(Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) and IPBES
(Intergovernmental Science‑Policy Platform on Biodiversity and
Ecosystem Services);

The Group as a whole is involved in monitoring ESG issues.
A Sustainable Finance Strategic Committee that meets every two
months, chaired by the Chief Executive Officer of BNP Paribas,
validates the overall sustainable finance strategy and decides on the
commitments made by the Group. This committee met five times in
2024. The CSR policy is managed by the Company Engagement
Department, represented on the Group Executive Committee, which
regularly decides on CSR issues.
BNP Paribas’ Board of directors determines BNP Paribas’s business
orientations and supervises their implementation by the Executive
Management, taking the social, environmental and governance
issues of BNP Paribas’ activities into consideration. CSR‑related
topics were specifically addressed 34 times in 2024 by the Board of
directors and during meetings of the Corporate Governance, Ethics,
Nominations and CSR Committee (CGEN) and the Internal Control,
Risk Management and Compliance Committee (CCIRC).

General reference frameworks
BNP Paribas’ approach is guided by the OECD Guidelines for
Multinational Enterprises on Responsible Business Conduct.
Convinced of the importance of collective action, the Group is a
member of the United Nations Principles for Responsible Banking
(PRB) (1), the United Nations Global Compact and the Principles for
Responsible Investment (PRI) through its subsidiaries BNP Paribas
Asset Management, BNP Paribas Real Estate Investment
Management and BNP Paribas Cardif. The Group is also a signatory
of the Equator Principles.

Reference frameworks and Group’s environmental
involvement
BNP Paribas has been committed to the fight against climate change
since 2010 and is committed to aligning its activities with the
objectives of the 2015 Paris Agreement. It has continuously reduced
its support for fossil fuels and at the same time accelerated its
financing for low‑carbon energies.

■ forward‑looking scenarios compatible with the objective of

collective carbon neutrality in 2050, such as the International
Energy Agency (IEA)’s Zero Net Emissions by 2050 Scenario.
The document “BNP Paribas environmental framework” (2) aims to
describe the environmental approach adopted by BNP Paribas in its
three areas of action: climate and energy transition, natural capital
and biodiversity, and circular economy.
BNP Paribas is also committed to preserving biodiversity through its
financing and investment policies, a constructive dialogue with its
clients, the coalitions in which it participates, philanthropy and
support for research. The Group published its position in the
document “BNP Paribas and the preservation of biodiversity" (3) in
order to clarify its challenges on this topic.

Reference frameworks and Group's involvement in
human and social rights
The Group’s commitments in terms of human rights are based on
the provisions of international standards for the protection of human
rights, and in particular the International Bill of Human Rights, the
ten fundamental conventions of the International Labour
Organization, the recommendations of the United Nations Guiding
Principles on Business and Human Rights, and the ten principles of
the Global Compact.
The Group wishes to promote respect for human rights in its sphere
of influence and to treat all its employees with dignity.
Through its Code of conduct (4), the document “BNP Paribas and
Human Rights” (5) and the Global Agreement signed with UNI Global
Union on 4 November 2024 (6) (in the continuity of the Global
Agreement signed in 2018), the Group recognises and undertakes to
respect the highest standards of conduct and ethics, anti‑corruption,
respect for human rights and environmental protection, regardless
of its activities.

To define its environmental and climate‑related objectives, the
Group relies in particular on:

(1) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/bnp_paribas_2023_prb_reporting.pdf.
(2) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/BNP_Paribas_environmental_framework_2024.pdf
(3) https://group.bnpparibas/uploads/file/biodiversity_position_2021.pdf.
(4) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/220131_bnpp_compliance_codeofconduct_2022_fr.pdf including customer interests, financial security, market integrity,
conflicts of interest, professional ethics, respect for colleagues, protection of the Group, commitment to society, and the fight against corruption and influence peddling.
(5) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/bnpparibas_and_human_rights.pdf
(6) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/agreement_on_the_fundamental_rights_and_global_social_floor_of_the_bnp_paribas_group.pdf

880

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

7

OUR VIGILANCE APPROACH
BNP Paribas also considers in its approach issues related to business
ethics, compliance with laws and regulations and the protection of
the interests of its clients.

As part of the preparation of its vigilance plan, BNP Paribas
conducted risk mappings and a review of its existing risk assessment
and control process and tools, on a scope consistent with the text of
the law.

1

Various risk identification exercises were carried out within the scope
of the duty of care: risks related to employees, purchasing categories
related to suppliers and subcontractors, and BNP Paribas’ banking
and financial activities, including the distribution of financial
products and services to individuals and financing, investment and
advisory activities for the Group's corporate clients.

THE RISK UNIVERSE

The activities of BNP Paribas’ corporate clients may involve risks in
relation to human rights and fundamental freedoms, the health and
safety of individuals and the environment.
In line with its CSR commitments, the Group has included in its
reasonable vigilance approach the risks of serious violations of
human rights and fundamental freedoms, and of harm to the health
and safety of individuals and to the environment, considering in
particular the following issues:

1.1 Mapping of risks concerning employees
In 2024, the Group is present in 64 countries. With regard to all the
human rights risks that could impact its employees, the Group has
relied on indicators based on reference sources provided by Verisk
Maplecroft, enabling it to determine a level of criticality by risk type
(arithmetic average of each theme by country, updated annually):

■ issues related to human rights and fundamental freedoms:

prohibition of child labour; prohibition of forced labour; respect
for the rights of local communities, the right to property, the
right to privacy, freedom of association and collective
bargaining; non‑discrimination, respect for diversity, gender
equality and inclusion; respect for the right to an adequate
standard of living; respect for adequate wages and fair and
favourable working conditions;

■ risks

related to freedom of association and collective
bargaining, including freedom of association and trade union
negotiations, and freedom of assembly;

■ risks of discrimination, inequality and exclusion, including

discrimination in the workplace, minority rights, gender
minorities, and women’s rights;
■ occupational health and safety risks;

■ issues related to the health and safety of individuals: physical

and mental health and safety at work for employees and
consumers;

■ risks related to working conditions, including adequate wages,

decent working time, child labour and forced labour.

■ environmental issues: climate change; GHG emissions (CO2,

methane, etc.); pollution and water scarcity; air pollution; soil
pollution and quality; scarcity and depletion of commodities;
waste production; degradation of ecosystems and biodiversity.

At the end of 2024, the breakdown of BNP Paribas’ workforce by social risk category and the level of criticality in the countries in which the
Group operates is as follows:

Criticality
(score from 0 to 10)

Freedom of association and
collective bargaining

Discrimination, inequality and
exclusion

Occupational health and
safety

Working conditions

Very high (≤ 2.5)

0%

0%

0%

0%

High (> 2.5 and ≤ 5)

0.5%

5.8%

7.4%

0.3%

Medium (> 5 and ≤ 7.5)

24.6%

33.6%

16.6%

25.8%

Low (> 7.5)

74.9%

60.7%

76.0%

73.9%

TOTAL

100%

100%

100%

100%

7

On the basis of these analyses, more than 87% of the Group’s workforce is located in countries with a low or medium criticality on all the social
risk themes selected.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

881

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

1.2 Mapping of risks concerning suppliers and
subcontractors
The central Procurement & Performance (P&P) team has set up an
ESG risk mapping of the Group’s non‑production purchasing
categories (1). This mapping is the result of a market approach led by
Afnor in 2018, adapted by BNP Paribas to its own purchasing
subcategories such as intellectual services, software, IT equipment,
employee travel, databases, data centres, office supplies, etc.

1.3 Mapping of risks concerning the distribution
of financial products and services to
individual customers
The Group has identified the following main risks in the distribution
of financial products and services to its individual customers:
■ the risk of discrimination in access to products and services;
■ the risk of inadequate decisions made by customers and of

Purchasing categories and subcategories are classified according to
four levels of criticality based on the following risks:

indebtedness that would significantly impact their financial
situations and living conditions, due in particular to a lack of
transparent, clear and non‑misleading information;

■ fair practices and ethics: fraud and corruption, protection of

■ the risk of infringement of the protection of their personal data

personal data, property rights and patents;

and their right to privacy.

■ human rights and social conditions: child labour, forced labour

and modern slavery, discrimination, health and safety, working
conditions and freedom of association;
■ environment: climate change and greenhouse gases, damage to

biodiversity, depletion of natural resources, pollution (water,
air, soil), waste and end‑of‑life management.
In assessing the level of risk, the mapping adds indications on the
type of production and the context related to the country (supply
chain, business environment).
The breakdown of BNP Paribas’ purchasing subcategories by level of
criticality at the end of 2024 is as follows:
Corresponding
amount
Criticality

Purchasing
subcategories

% of total

In thousands of
euros

% of total

Very high

15

6%

262,411.76

3%

High

44

19%

858,661.67

9%

Medium

134

57%

7,294,110.58

79%

Low

43

18%

819,988.46

9%

TOTAL

236

100%

9,235,172.46

100%

This analysis covers 93% of the expenditure base at the end of 2024
(EUR 9.89 billion).
Purchasing subcategories with a very high level of criticality are
mainly in the real estate sector (works, waste management, etc.) or
in technology (IT equipment, servers, telecoms, etc.).
With regard to production purchases, an analysis was carried out at
the level of the subsidiaries concerned by specific purchases, which
made it possible to identify the ESG risks of the main suppliers and
to prioritise the measures to be implemented.

1.4 Mapping of risks concerning financing,
investment and advisory activities for
corporate clients
The activities of BNP Paribas’ corporate clients may involve risks in
relation to human rights and fundamental freedoms, the health and
safety of individuals and the environment. Since 2010, BNP Paribas
has gradually deepened and expanded its system to manage the ESG
risks that may affect its financing, investment and advisory activites
for corporate clients.
Initially focused on the most sensitive sectors from an ESG point of
view (with the development of sectoral policies (2)), the system now
covers all sectors of the economy in which the Group has clients.
To identify risks related to corporate clients, the Group relies on risk
factors related to the countries and risk factors related to the
business sector.

1.4.1 Risk related to the countries of operation of
corporate clients
A level of environmental and social risk was defined for each country
in which the corporate clients of the Group operate on the basis of
reference sources provided by Verisk Maplecroft and Reporters
Without Borders, and issued by recognised international
organisations and NGOs, such as the International Labour
Organization, the World Bank, the United Nations Environment
Programme, Human Rights Watch, Transparency International and
the World Resources Institute.
15 indicators cover the following topics: child labour; forced labour;
rights to land, property and housing; freedom of association and
collective bargaining; decent wages; decent working time; migrant
workers; occupational health and safety; environmental regulatory
framework; biodiversity and protected areas; deforestation; waste
management; water quality; water stress; freedom of the press.

(1) Production purchases correspond to purchases of goods and services specific to a commercial activity (for example, purchases of Arval vehicles), as opposed to non‑production
purchases.
(2) https://group.bnpparibas/en/our‑commitments/transitions/financing‑and‑investment‑policies.

882

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

The 15 indicators are weighted, which gives the breakdown of the
countries of operation of the Group’s corporate clients according to
the following four levels of environmental and social risk (data from
May 2024):
Level of environmental and social risk

Countries of operation of
corporate clients

% of total

8

6%
22%

Very high
High

29

Medium

39

29%

Low

57

43%

TOTAL

133

100%

7

1.4.2 Risk related to the business sectors of corporate
clients
For each business sector, BNP Paribas has analysed the ones that
had salient risks related to human rights and fundamental freedoms,
the health and safety of individuals and the environment. These risks
have been defined according to a methodology for rating the level of
severity and occurrence of each risk, which is based on the United
Nations Guiding Principles reporting reference framework. The level
of risk inherent in each business sector has then been determined
based on the presence of salient risks.

All business sectors of the Group’s corporate clients are covered, including those that do not present intrinsic salient environmental and social
risks, such as finance or insurance. Those with at least one risk are detailed below according to the number of salient environmental and social
risks:

Human rights and
fundamental freedoms

Health and safety of
individuals

Environment

Total

Agriculture, food, tobacco

7

1

6

14

Materials and minerals

6

1

6

13

Energy excluding electricity

4

1

6

11

Transport and storage

6

1

4

11

Suppliers (electricity, gas, water, etc.)

3

1

6

10

Equipment excluding IT

5

1

4

10

Chemicals excluding pharmaceuticals

3

2

3

8

Construction and public works

6

1

1

8

Information Technology (IT)

6

0

1

7

Consumer goods

4

0

2

6

Healthcare and pharmaceutical industry

2

2

1

5

Hotels, tourism, leisure

3

1

1

5

Automotive

0

1

1

2

TOTAL

55

13

42

110

Business segments of corporate clients

It should be noted that the same risk may exist for different sectors,
such as the risk related to water pollution (present in the Materials
and Minerals and Agriculture sectors, among others) or the risk of
forced labour (present among others in the Construction and Public
Works sector and in the Consumer goods sector). These risk analyses
enable:
■ on the one hand, to provide a more specific framework for the

business sectors of the Group’s corporate clients that carry
salient environmental and social risks;
■ on the other hand, to develop financing and investments in

activities with a positive impact.

7

In addition, certain activities may be considered cross‑functional in
several sectors and are in this case treated as being exposed to all
the risks of these sectors. This is the case, for example, for activities
related to defence.
With regard to the specific activity of project financing, in
accordance with the Equator Principles, major industrial and
infrastructure projects are subject to systematic analyses of their
environmental and social impacts. They are rated by risk level:
projects graded A present significant risks and systematically involve
enhanced due diligence with both an internal (via CIB ESG team) and
external (by an independent consultant supporting investors)
perspective; those graded B present more limited risks; and those
graded C present minimal or no risks.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

883

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

The table below details the project financing analysed in 2024:

2024
Number of transactions concerned in the year (1)

44

Number of grade A transactions in the year

1

Number of grade B transactions in the year

37

Number of grade C transactions in the year

6

2

PROCEDURES FOR REGULAR ASSESSMENT
OF THE SITUATION OF SUBSIDIARIES,
SUPPLIERS OR SUBCONTRACTORS, WITH
REGARD TO RISK MAPPING

The Group made an inventory of its existing systems and compared
them with the elements required for the development of the
vigilance plan and its risk mapping, which made it possible to ensure
that the main risks were properly covered through existing systems
for employees, main suppliers and sub‑contractors and banking and
financial activities, including the distribution of financial products
and services to individual customers and financing, investment and
advisory activities to corporate clients.
BNP Paribas’ Risks ID process covers:
■ all sets of activities and exposures, on and off‑balance sheet, as

well as new products and activities;
■ all risk types and all geographies;

In addition, as part of the new Global Agreement signed between the
BNP Paribas Group and UNI Global Union in November 2024, a joint
committee was created to monitor the implementation of the
commitments made in the agreement. This committee may also
meet in order to contribute to the continuous improvement of the
Group’s vigilance plan for the part relating to BNP Paribas'
employees.

2.2 The system concerning suppliers and
subcontractors
Within the Procurement Function, several teams deal with ESG risks
related to suppliers and subcontractors.
In accordance with the deployment of the law on the duty of care,
BNP Paribas articules its ESG risk management system for its
suppliers and subcontractors around the following items, in line with
the ESG risk mapping for purchasing categories:
■ ESG questionnaire templates used to assess ESG risks (Generic

Due Diligence) when entering into relationships with external
suppliers representing a contract value of more than EUR
200,000 (from the first euro for outsourced service providers),
and during calls for tenders (assessment of ESG performance
with a minimum weighting of 15% of ESG criteria, raised in
2023, compared with a minimum of 5% in 2022); the use of ESG
evaluation questionnaires in calls for tenders and the inclusion
of their results in the overall assessment of suppliers are
included in the Procurement Function’s control plan;

■ all business lines and legal entities.

ESG dimensions are taken into account as risk factors, i.e. likely to
trigger, promote or exacerbate the occurrence of a risk, whether
financial or extra‑financial (see section 5 Risks and capital adequacy
– Pillar 3 of this Universal registration document, Appendix 5:
Environmental, social and governance risk).
The internal control plan (described in section 5 of the vigilance
plan) is applicable to all the systems detailed in this section and
makes it possible to regularly assess the situation of the Group’s
entities.

■ a sustainable sourcing charter, setting out the reciprocal

commitments of the Group and its suppliers and subcontractors
from an environmental and social standpoint. This charter
commits suppliers to promoting and enforcing the same
principles with their own suppliers and subcontractors.
Membership of this charter is part of the onboarding process
with external suppliers;

These controls also make it possible to monitor the risk mitigation
actions and measures described in section 3 of the vigilance plan.

2.1 The system concerning employees
In order to assess and prevent the risks that could impact its
employees, the Group relies on Group‑level Human Resources
policies, which apply up to the Group's highest level and to its
subsidiaries, and on agreements negotiated with employee
representative bodies, in particular on the Global Agreement which
covers all employees, as well as Group‑level or regional‑level
charters. These policies focus on the issues of freedom of
association, non‑discrimination, health and safety at work and
working conditions.

■ supplier risk monitoring rules, targeting certain ESG criteria

used during the onboarding process and completed by thematic
regulatory watches and external ESG ratings;
■ on‑site audits of targeted suppliers entrusted to an independent

service provider on sensitive purchasing categories and
organised by the central Procurement & Performance (P&P)
team as part of a sectoral initiative conducted with other banks
in France.
This framework set up within the central Procurement &
Performance teams is gradually being rolled out to the other
Procurement Function teams.

(1) Preliminary data available as of 31 January 2025.

884

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

In addition to this system, BNP Paribas, a signatory in France of the
Charter for Responsible Supplier Relations (RFAR) promoted by the
Mediation of Companies under the Ministry of the Economy and
Finance, has been awarded the RFAR label for three Group entities
since July 2024 for a three‑year cycle (BNP Paribas SA, BNP Paribas
Personal Finance France and BNL in Italy). As part of the
commitments of the RFAR Charter, internal mediators independent
from the Purchasing departments, whose contact details are
published on the respective institutional websites, offer a means of
recourse in the event of disagreement.
A specific system has been set up by BNP Paribas Real Estate given
the specific nature of its activity with supplier charters adapted to
each of its business lines (BNP Paribas Real Estate sustainable
sourcing charter).

2.3 The system related to the distribution of
financial products and services to individuals
The BNP Paribas Code of conduct sets out a set of rules aimed at
maintaining a high level of ethics, particularly in business
relationships and customer‑related activities. In particular, it
includes the steps to be taken to ensure fair treatment of customers
and support people in financial difficulty to find a solution to their
situation that suits all parties.
Non‑discrimination in access to financial services is included in the
internal policy for the protection of the interests of clients (PIC). This
subject constitutes a specific area of expertise within the Compliance
Function, which monitor these issues. The PIC policy, for which a
summary is available on BNP Paribas' website (1), defines the rules of
organisation and conduct that must be applied by the Group
throughout the relationship with BNP Paribas' customers, and at all
stages of the product and service life cycle.
In addition, BNP Paribas is committed to its clients to being
exemplary in the protection of their personal data. With the
development of the global digital economy, regulators and data
protection authorities around the world have considered that rapid
technological change requires appropriate laws and regulations for
data protection and their privacy. Data protection laws are thus
being strengthened globally, some of which are applicable to a large
number of Group entities (e.g. GDPR) and compliance with data
protection rules has a paramount importance for BNP Paribas. The
Group has strict internal procedures governed by the Group Data
Office and RISK Departments to oversee the processing of personal
data and implement best practices in this area.

7

2.4 The system related to corporate financing
activities
2.4.1 Global system
ESG risks related to corporate financing and investment activities
are managed under the lead of the Group’s Risk Appetite Framework,
a Group risk management framework validated by Executive
Management, which includes ESG risks (see the representation of
the overall ESG risk management system below).
Considering the ESG aspect to be one of the Group’s major
challenges and a fundamental component of the client knowledge,
the Group has generalised the integration of ESG evaluation criteria
into the client life cycle: in the process of entering into a relationship
(Know Your Client – KYC process) and during the various stages of
the relationship, such as the granting of loans or the annual review.
These steps are also an opportunity to verify compliance with the
exclusion lists.
The general credit policy, as well as the specific credit policies,
include ESG criteria.
Since 2021, the ESG Assessment has provided a more systematic
and comprehensive assessment of ESG topics along the entire credit
chain: from the onboarding to the grant of a credit, monitoring and
reporting. By covering five environmental (climate, pollution and
biodiversity), social (labour rights and human rights of local
communities and consumers) and governance (business ethics)
dimensions across several questions, adapted to the client's sector
of activity, the tool provides a global overview of the client's ESG
profile, which is complemented by the analysis of controversies. It
helps decision‑making through the usual credit processes, in
strengthening and documenting ESG due diligence at the
counterparty, transaction and collateral levels.
Initially launched for the Group's large corporate clients, the ESG
Assessment framework was enlarged in 2024 to medium‑sized
companies (companies with turnover of over EUR 50 million,
selected on risk‑based criteria) and to financial institutions.
Additional ESG risk assessment tools also exist for certain client
companies for which the ESG Assessment is not deployed, such as
questionnaires related to the law on the duty of care. These apply in
particular to corporate clients operating in countries with very high
or high environmental and social risks, and in sectors with salient
risks, as defined by the mapping related to the Group's banking and
financial activities (see sections 1.4.1 Risk related to the countries of
operation of corporate clients and 1.4.2 Risk related to the business
sectors of corporate clients).

7

➤ REPRESENTATION OF THE OVERALL ESG RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
These various assessment tools make it possible to qualify the level
of risk associated with the duty of care for each corporate client or
activity and to manage the associated risk management measures.
These measures include sectoral policies, specific ESG analyses and
activity restriction or exclusion lists. They are differentiated

according to investment and financing activities and are summarised
in the table below. It is all these measures that enable to minimise
the risk for the Group of being associated with a serious violation of
human rights and the environment via its financial activities.

(1) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/summary_of_global_policy_framework_of_bnp_paribas_pic_veng_nov_2021_1.pdf.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

885

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

Investments (IPS)

Corporate financing (CIB + CPBS)
BNP Paribas Code of conduct approved by the Board of directors
Risk Appetite Framework
Group risk management framework approved by Executive Management: culture of risk management
and control, including the environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks of BNP Paribas

Global system

Deployment of ESG issues
in investment strategies
Integration of ESG criteria
Exclusion of certain sectors
(RBC policy – Responsible
Business Conduct)
Responsible Business Conduct
and long-term perspective

Global shareholding
policy

Complementary measures

Dialogue with issuers
Application of a voting policy
Engagement with companies

Complementary
monitoring
and exclusion list
List extended to cover the
entire investment universe

Know Your Customer Process (KYC)
Integration of the ESG performance and risks analysis for the client in the KYC process, when entering into a relationship with
a Business Group and during the various stages of the relationship, such as the periodic KYC recertification of Legal Entities

ESG Assessment
Systematic identification, assessment and monitoring of the ESG performance and risks of corporate clients to establish
their "ESG profile", as part of the credit process and the annual client review
Initial assessment, then regular assessment (frequency determined by the client's ESG risk level)
Questionnaires covering ESG dimensions and integrating sectoral policies, supplemented by an analysis of ESG
controversies

Global Credit Policy
Systematic ESG analysis

Restriction
of activity list

Sector
policies

Excluded goods and
services (tobacco,
asbestos, etc.)

Mandatory
ESG criteria
Additional
assessment
criteria

Monitoring and
exclusion list
Companies that the
Group does not wish
to finance or wishes
to monitor for ESG
reasons

CSR analysis
ad hoc
Issuance of
specific expert
opinions on:
transactions
and/or companies
and/or sectors
and/or
controversies
(on a sector
and/or
counterparties)

Project
financing

Specific credit
policies

Procedures and
guidelines

Application of
the Equator
Principles
Systematic
application of
the Free, Prior
and Informed
Consent (FPIC)
of local
populations

All credit policies
have ESG criteria

Criteria for
labeling
sustainable
transactions
Consideration of
ESG assessments
in the credit
decision

Final decision

Analysis of all ESG elements

Investment /
Commitment /
Divestment

Unsatisfactory
assessment results

Satisfactory
assessment results

Adaptation of relationship and credit policy
(ex: monitoring and regular follow up of the client,
reduction of credit exposure, termination of relationship)

Start or continuation of activity

The Group has also published its responsible business principles
charter (1) for its corporate clients, thus reaffirming BNP Paribas’ will
to engage with clients whose business practices demonstrate a high
level of governance and responsibility with respect to human rights
and fundamental freedoms, the health and safety of individuals, and
the environment.

2.4.2 The system related to project financing
As a signatory to the Equator Principles alongside 128 other financial
institutions worldwide (at end 2024), and in its role as a financial
service provider and advisor, BNP Paribas works with its clients to
identify, assess, and manage the risks and environmental and social

impacts linked with major industrial and infrastructure projects.
According to these principles, the negative impacts of these projects
on communities, ecosystems or the climate must be avoided or
minimised, mitigated and/or offset. Projects graded A present
significant risks and systematically involve enhanced due diligence
with both an internal (via CIB ESG team) and external (by an
independent consultant supporting investors) perspective; those
graded B present more limited risks; and those graded C have
minimal or no risks.
(see the table in section 1.4 Mapping of risks concerning financing,
investment and advisory activities for corporate clients).

(1) https://group.bnpparibas/uploads/file/bnpp_responsible_business_principles_ven.pdf.

886

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

2.5 The system related to investment activities

7

■ working conditions: BNP Paribas is attentive to compliance with

The Group’s asset management subsidiary, BNP Paribas Asset
Management, and the Group’s insurance subsidiary, BNP Paribas
Cardif, implement their ESG strategies, which include, among other
things, the application of the Group’s sectoral policies (see section
1.4 Mapping of risks concerning financing, investment and advisory
activities for corporate clients).
BNP Paribas Asset Management’s Global Sustainability strategy (1),
launched in 2019 and updated in December 2023, details the way in
which ESG issues are deployed in investment strategies. It is based
on the exclusion of certain sectors, engagement and dialogue
(stewardship) as well as responsible business conduct and a
long‑term perspective. In order to promote ESG best practices within
the companies in which the asset management company invests on
behalf of clients, BNP Paribas Asset Management exercises its voting
rights as a shareholder at Annual General Meetings.

the prohibition of forced labour within the Group and monitors
employees under the age of 18 (the Group had one employee
aged 17 in the United Kingdom at the end of December 2024).
Employment is managed under collective agreements. In
addition, respect for work‑life balance is incorporated in the
European Agreement on the prevention of work‑related stress
and the European Remote Working Charter.
With regard specifically to the risks of discrimination and the
promotion of respect for persons, the Group has taken several
measures to combat discrimination and promote respect for persons.
This includes:
■ an awareness‑raising module entitled “Diversity, Equality &

Inclusion” included in the mandatory Conduct Journey training;
■ an objective relating to compliance with the Code of conduct

assigned annually to all employees;
■ the strengthening and global deployment of the “Respect for

Persons” policy;

3

APPROPRIATE ACTIONS TO MITIGATE
RISKS OR PREVENT SERIOUS HARM

■ communication to employees on whistleblowing channels and

dedicated training courses for managers;
■ raising employee awareness through Inclusion Days on equal

3.1 Concerning the Group's employees

opportunities, prejudice, disability and financial inclusion.

The Group’s commitments in terms of employee rights concern:

In order to mitigate psychosocial risks, the Group:

■ freedom of association and collective bargaining: the Global

■ continues its preventive actions around the health and

Agreement includes the Group’s commitments in this area;
social dialogue is particularly developed within the scope of the
European Works Council (covering more than 70% of the
Group’s workforce);
■ non‑discrimination, the fight against inequality and exclusion:

these issues are at the heart of the Group’s Code of conduct, in
particular the “Respect for People” chapter, which aims to
combat inappropriate behaviour. They are also integrated into
the recruitment and career management processes. Lastly,
gender equality is one of the commitments of the Global
Agreement;
■ occupational health and safety:
■

■

■

all employees benefit from a reference corpus on the
personal and property safety, which notably establishes
fundamental principles in terms of safety and security,
under the Global Agreement, all employees are covered in
terms of healthcare, death and disability insurance and
benefit from a minimum period of maternity leave. The new
agreement includes minimum provisions for all for paid
paternity leave, and for the settling‑in leave,
the We Care occupational health and well‑being programme
has boosted the actions in the prevention of psychosocial
risks, risks related to a sedentary lifestyle and actions to
promote employee mental health;

well‑being at work of its employees while adapting its
managerial practices within the framework of the We Care
programme;
■ sets up programmes related to the prevention of psychosocial

risks and work‑related stress;
■ has continued to support its employees towards a hybrid way of

working including remote working by adapting managerial
practices.
In order to promote professional equality, the Group:
■ has set itself ambitious gender diversity targets at all levels of

the organisation by 2025: 40% of women on the Group Executive
Committee (ExCo) and Senior Management Positions (SMP), and
35% of women in the IT line by 2030 as part of the Women in IT
programme;

7

■ has continued its actions based on the development of

employee skills, in roles that are structurally unbalanced in
terms of gender (such as IT, Data, Digital, market activities
within CIB);
■ has carried specific equal pay measures for several years now,

notably as part of the Mandatory Annual Negotiations at
BNP Paribas SA in France.

(1) BNP Paribas Asset Management Global Sustainability Strategy 2023‑2025, https://doc finder.bnpparibas‑am.com/api/files/4b10d1ad‑901d‑4bbe‑8a7c‑007ad48c450e.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

887

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

3.2 Concerning BNP Paribas’ suppliers and
subcontractors
In addition to the system described in section 2.2 The system
concerning suppliers and subcontractors, the Procurement Function
has set up:
■ contracts covering requirements on environmental and social

■ ensures that the information provided is clear, transparent and

non‑misleading and enables customers to make informed
decisions;
■ ensures

the accuracy of information relating to the
environmental or social characteristics of the products offered;

■ prioritises the interests of customers rather than those of the

Group or its employees;

criteria which, since 2018, have also included the option of
ending contractual relations if suppliers do not comply with the
Group’s ESG requirements;

■ guarantees the protection of the personal data of individual

■ training for the Procurement Function: in 2024, 96% of the

■ trains employees (particularly front office and management) to

employees of the entities included in the annual reporting were
trained in one or other of the mandatory training modules
(Human Rights in the Company or Sustainability Basics);

■ deploys a system for listening to the voice of customers on a

■ ESG objectives in the annual objectives of the buyers of the
central Procurement & Performance (P&P) teams.

This framework set up within the central P&P team is gradually
being rolled out to the other Procurement teams.
In France, as part of its Diversity & Inclusion policy, the Group has a
committed policy to promote the development of purchases from the
STPA (protected and adapted work sector) and SIAE (sector for
inclusion through economic activity) structures. BNP Paribas SA’s
agreement in France on the employment, professional integration
and retention of people with disabilities includes the objective of
reaching EUR 2 million in revenue excluding tax by 2025 with the
STPA. This agreement was renewed for a period of three years
(2023‑2025), and approved by the French Ministry of Labour. This
commitment to diversity in procurement is gradually being extended
to the entire social entrepreneurship sector. The BNP Paribas Group,
part of the Collectif d’Entreprises pour une économie plus
inclusive (1) (business collective for a more inclusive economy), aims
to increase its inclusive purchases in France by 30% by 2025 (from
STPAs and SIAEs), compared to 2022.

customers and respect for their right to privacy;
the protection of the interests of clients and the protection of
their personal data;
broad and continuous basis;
■ manages customer complaints;
■ ensures

non‑discrimination in the access of individual
customers to financial products and services, by improving
access to credit and insurance and by supporting customers
who are vulnerable due to their disability or financial situation;

■ implements a financial inclusion approach through specific

offers such as Nickel and by supporting Microfinance
Institutions:
■

■

individual customers in managing their budget and by offering
financial education solutions (for example the AXELLE online
platform of Commercial & Personal Banking in France or the
Responsible Budget programme of BNP Paribas Personal
Finance in Belgium, France and Italy). Commercial & Personal
Banking in France also offers the “Forfait de Compte” solution
for people in a financially vulnerable situation (2). This specific
offer was created to control their budget with a range of
banking products and services at a moderate price and to limit
fees in the event of payment incidents and account
irregularities.

To address the specific nature of its purchases and suppliers, Arval
has defined a sustainable sourcing plan that will be implemented
from 2025, including a supplier assessment, training for buyers and
community outreach for suppliers.

BNP Paribas deploys several actions to mitigate the risks related to
its distribution of products and services to individuals.
The Group:
■ optimises the sale of products and services adapted to the

needs and situation of customers, according to the rules defined
by the policy for the protection of the interests of clients (PIC);

support for Microfinance Institutions, with microloans
benefiting people in 13 countries in 2024, including many
new emerging countries;

■ prevents the risk of indebtedness, in particular by supporting

With regard to its suppliers specific to the real estate business,
BNP Paribas Real Estate has put in place an appropriate sustainable
sourcing charter, signed by the suppliers, which mentions the salient
environmental and social risks identified.

3.3 Concerning the distribution of financial
products and services to individuals

Nickel’s offer, available in five European countries (France,
Spain, Belgium, Portugal and Germany), enables the opening
of an account with an IBAN, an unconditional payment card
and home insurance available online,

3.4 Concerning financing, investment and
advisory activities for corporate clients
The risk mitigation and serious harm prevention system is based on
the Group's financing and investment sectoral policies (3). These
policies cover the sectors of agriculture, defence, nuclear energy,
palm oil, mining, wood pulp, oil and gas, energy production from
coal, and are subject to changes to better take into account the new
challenges of the sectors covered.

(1) https://www.collectif‑economie‑plus‑inclusive.fr.
(2) The situation of financial vulnerability is assessed on the basis of criteria defined by the regulations (articles L.312‑1‑3 and R.312‑4‑3 of the French Monetary and Financial
Code) based on events of which BNP Paribas is aware.
(3) https://group.bnpparibas/en/our‑commitments/transitions/financing‑and‑investment‑policies.

888

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

They are supplemented by internal application guides. For example,
the oil and gas policy was reinforced in 2023 to include conventional
oil and gas resources.
In addition, the Group’s risk mitigation and serious harm prevention
system also relies on specific actions implemented with regard to
risk mapping, such as the management of controversies concerning
environmental, social and governance issues.
BNP Paribas Asset Management and BNP Paribas Cardif use
collaborative dialogue (working groups or coalitions whose members
cooperate to act jointly with companies) to encourage improvements
in practices. For example, these two entities are members of the
Climate Action 100+ initiative and, as such, regularly engage in
dialogue with companies ranked among the world’s top greenhouse
gas emitters to improve their climate change governance and
strategy. BNP Paribas Asset Management is also a founding member
of the initiative Nature Action 100.

3.4.1 Activity restriction according to the severity of
the environmental and social impacts

7

■ in 2020, BNP Paribas announced a strategy for a complete exit

from the thermal coal value chain by 2030 in the European
Union and OECD countries, and by 2040 in the rest of the world.
Sectoral policies covering the mining and dedicated
infrastructure sectors were also reviewed;
■ 2024 was a new year of acceleration in the shift of BNP Paribas’

financing of the energy sector to low‑carbon, mainly renewable
energy sources (2), which already accounted for 65% of the
Group’s total credit exposure to the energy production sector on
30 September 2023. At the end of September 2024, they
represented 76%. In line with its strategy of sharply
accelerating the financing of the energy transition, BNP Paribas
has set itself the target of ensuring that low‑carbon energies
make up 90% of its credit exposure to energy production by
2030. The continuous action to accelerate new loans to
low‑carbon energies and the divestment of fossil fuels will
make it possible to achieve the 2030 objective.
With regard to combatting deforestation:

BNP Paribas has defined strict ESG criteria in many sectors,
compliance with which determines the activity with its corporate
clients, whether at the level of a client (which does not comply with
the prohibitive criteria of a sectoral policy), a sub‑sector
(unconventional hydrocarbons), or a sector as a whole (such as
tobacco).
In order to identify the companies presenting the highest
environmental and social risks, the Group defines and applies
sectoral policies, while managing activity restriction lists according
to the level of ESG risks observed, i.e. a list of excluded companies
(1,753 at end 2024) and a list of companies placed under monitoring
(983 at end‑2024). Companies placed on the monitoring list are
subject to an engagement by the Group to make lasting changes to
their practices and reduce their ESG risks. For excluded companies,
the Group prohibits any financing or investment relationship.
BNP Paribas has also compiled an exclusion list (1) of specific goods
and activities that the Group is unwilling to finance, such as tobacco.
These lists are periodically updated using data supplied by clients
and external sources, and by analysing the key controversies
involving corporate clients accused of serious violations of human
rights and the environment.
With regard to the reduction in BNP Paribas' support for fossil fuels:
■ since end 2017, the Group stopped supporting companies and

infrastructure whose primary business is exploration,
production and export of gas/oil from shale, oil from tar sands
or gas/oil production in the Arctic. In 2022, BNP Paribas decided
to no longer provide products and services to companies where
more than 10% of the activity is related to tar sands and shale
oil and gas;

■ in early 2021, BNP Paribas strengthened its commitment to

combatting deforestation through its policy on agriculture (3),
the scope of which includes all financial products and services
provided by the Group, including participation in the issuance of
bonds;
■ in accordance with its sector policy on agriculture, BNP Paribas

will only provide financial products or services to companies
producing or purchasing beef or soybeans in the Brazilian
Amazon and Cerrado that have adopted and implemented a
“zero‑deforestation” strategy in their production and supply
chain by 31 December 2025 at the latest, and if they have, by
that date, full traceability of their direct and indirect value
chain in these regions. Clients’ compliance with the mandatory
criteria mentioned in this policy will be assessed following the
publication of Annual Reports or client audits during 2026;
■ since 2021, an analysis of the portfolio of producers, meat

packers and traders involved in the value chain of beef from
Brazil has been carried out in order to assess their progress and
engage in a dialogue;
■ in addition, in 2022, BNP Paribas announced that it would not

finance any greenfield or brownfield oil and gas projects, nor
any associated infrastructure in the Amazon or Arctic regions.

7

3.4.2 Project financing
The Group has been a signatory of the Equator Principles since 2008.
These aim to avoid, reduce, mitigate or offset the negative impacts of
major industrial or infrastructure projects on communities,
ecosystems and the climate, with additional measures in certain
countries.

(1) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/bnpparibas_csr_exclusion_list.pdf.
(2) Renewable energy, including wind and marine energy, photovoltaic solar energy, concentrated solar energy, hydroelectricity, geothermal energy, bioenergy (including biofuels
except for first generation);
Low‑carbon energies including electricity from renewable and nuclear sources. The scope of low‑carbon energies could evolve according to technological progress to gradually
go beyond the production of energy and include other steps in the value chain such as transport, storage or distribution of low‑carbon energy.
(3) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/bnpparibas_csr_sector_policy_agriculture.pdf

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

889

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

For all of its project financing activities, BNP Paribas encourages its
clients to obtain the Free, Prior and Informed Consent (FPIC) of the
local communities impacted by their projects.

and nuclear, the Bank is developing specific expertise to support
the development of new value chains such as batteries, green
hydrogen and low‑carbon fuels, as well as CO2 sequestration. At
the same time, the Low‑Carbon Transition for SMEs & MidCaps
(LCTM) is a team created in 2022 dedicated to this customer
segment and which aims, with the CPBS sales teams, to
accelerate support for the sustainable transition of clients and
contribute to managing the Group’s credit portfolio in line with
its climate commitments;

Specific restrictions concerning protected areas (such as those listed
by the IUCN) are also included in the Group’s financing and
investment policies.

3.4.3 ESG controversies' management
As part of the assessments of corporate clients, the Group identifies
and analyses client‑related ESG controversies (see section 2.4 The
system related to corporate financing activities).
When a controversy arises concerning one of its clients, the Group
first takes a risk approach according to the geography and criticality
of the subject. An internal analysis combines the available
information, in connection with the business line hierarchy and the
Group’s Company Engagement Department, in order to estimate the
severity of the controversy and to determine the list of questions
that the client must answer. After contact with the latter, their
additional responses and any action plan (taking into account the
time horizon) are analysed in order to reach a final decision:
continue the activity if everything is deemed satisfactory; suspend
operations if doubts remain (with request for the implementation of
a remediation plan and monitoring until satisfaction); exclusion if the
situation cannot be remedied.

■ the CSR network, which operates in the divisions, business lines,

branch networks, functions and subsidiaries to facilitate the
deployment of the CSR policy throughout the Group, with more
than 300 employees devoting all or most of their time to
managing CSR issues;
■ the RISK Function, which continuously performs a second‑line

control over credit and counterparty risks, market risk, interest
rate and foreign exchange rate risks on the banking book,
liquidity risks, insurance risks, and operational risk, including
technological and cybersecurity risks, data protection risks,
modelling risks and environmental and social risk factors, as
well as the associated governance risks;
■ the Finance, RISK and ALM Treasury Functions have created a

shared team called Stress Testing & Financial Simulations
(STFS), responsible for rolling out stress testing activities, ICAAP
(Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process) tests and
internal capital tests together with financial planning across
the Group’s entities and activities. Stress test methodologies
are tailored to the main categories of risk and are subject to
independent review.

BNP Paribas also deepens its sector analyses on controversies
affecting an entire sector. The Group then issues internal
recommendations as to the criteria to be monitored, and specific
questions are included in the assessment system for clients in these
sectors.

3.5 Alignment of the credit and investment
portfolios with the net‑zero objective in 2050
Pursuing its commitments to combat global warming, BNP Paribas
has decided to gradually align its credit and investment portfolios
with the objective of financing a carbon‑neutral economy by 2050,
which corresponds to a temperature increase limited to 1.5°C
compared to the pre‑industrial era.

3.5.1 Significant resources for applying the Group’s
climate vigilance
BNP Paribas has dedicated a large number of employees from
several teams to help implementing the Group’s alignment strategy:
■ the Climate Analytics & Alignment (C2A) team is made up of

employees from the Group’s Company Engagement Department
and CIB Global Banking EMEA. It develops and deploys
methodologies for aligning portfolios by business sector, in
accordance with market standards, and calculates metrics at
the level of the Group's credit portfolio to manage it in the
targeted sectors and establish an external reporting;

3.5.2 Decarbonisation objectives for nine of the
highest‑emitting sectors
In the Sustainability statements published in 2025, BNP Paribas
presents in detail the stages of the alignment of its credit and
investment portfolios. These statements explain the strategy
implemented by the Group and stipulate what data is used, the
methodologies for calculating the alignment trajectory and the
methods for managing the portfolio. The Sustainability statements
detail (in section 7.1.2 Climate change) the Group’s progress in
achieving its targets for the reduction of financed greenhouse gas
(GHG) emissions in nine business sectors.
These nine sectors, which are all among the highest emitters, are as
follows:
■ power generation, for which the Group has undertaken to:
■

■

■ the Low‑Carbon Transition Group (LCTG), created in 2021, is a

global platform bringing together an ecosystem of nearly 250
specialised bankers who support clients - companies and
international institutions - in accelerating their transition to a
sustainable and low‑carbon economy. A continuum of banking
and non‑banking solutions is therefore provided for the
decarbonisation of the economy, and particularly the energy,
mobility and industry sectors. In addition to renewable energies

890

increase the share of renewable energies in the energy mix
that it finances to reach more than 66% in 2025 and reduce
the share of coal in the energy mix that it finances to less
than 5% in 2025,
reduce the CO2 intensity of its financing by at least 30% in
2025 compared to 2020;

■ oil and gas, for which the Group has undertaken to:

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

■

■

reduce its credit exposure to oil exploration and production
activities by 80% between September 2022 and 2030,
reduce its credit exposure to gas exploration and production
activities by 30% between September 2022 and 2030,

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

■

reduce its financed GHG emissions in absolute value for the
oil and gas sector by 70% in 2030 compared to September
2022;

■

■

■ automotive, for which the Group has undertaken to:
■

■

increase the share of electrified vehicles in the automotive
mix that it finances to reach more than 25% by 2025,
reduce the CO2 intensity of its financing by at least 25% in
2025 compared to 2020;

■ steel, for which the Group has undertaken to:
■

reduce the CO2 intensity of its financing by at least 25% in
2030 compared to 2022;

■

reduce the intensity of GHG emissions of its financing by at
least 10% in 2030 compared to 2022;

■ cement, for which the Group has undertaken to:
■

reduce the CO2 intensity of its financing by at least 24% in
2030 compared to 2021;

■ aviation, for which the Group has undertaken to:
■

reduce the intensity of GHG emissions of its financing by at
least 18% in 2030 compared to 2022;

■ shipping, for which the Group has undertaken to:
■

reduce the intensity of GHG emissions of its financing by 23%
to 32% in 2030 compared to 2022;

■ commercial real estate, for which the Group has undertaken to:
■

reduce the intensity of GHG emissions of its financing by 31%
to 41% in 2030 compared to 2022;

■ the Group also published the GHG emissions intensity, at the

end of 2022 and at the end of 2023, of its financing in the
residential real estate sector.
In 2022, BNP Paribas Asset Management and BNP Paribas Cardif
published their net‑zero commitments:
■ regarding BNP Paribas Asset Management’s investments, these

commitments are as follows:
■

■

■

■

reduce the carbon footprint (scopes 1 and 2) of its
investments in scope (around 50% of assets under
management to date, with the objective of reaching 100%
over time), by 30% by 2025 and by 50% by 2030 (compared to
2019),
align the relevant investments (also around 50% of assets
under management to date) with the “net zero” principle:
60% by 2030 (aligned or in the process of aligning with the
“net zero” objective) and 100% by 2040,
substantially increase investment solutions in climate and
environmental issues,
dialogue with clients on their net‑zero transition;

■ regarding

BNP
Paribas
commitments are as follows:
■

Cardif’s

investments,

reduce the carbon intensity of directly held office buildings
by at least 12% by 2030 (compared to 2020),
achieve a carbon intensity of less than 125 g of CO2/kWh for
electricity producers in directly‑held equity and bond
portfolios by the end of 2024,
allocate at least EUR 800
environment‑themed investments;

million

per

year

to

■ regarding

shareholder engagement or stewardship, these
commitments are as follows:

■

■ aluminium, for which the Group has undertaken to:
■

7

■

■

support the climate action of companies (by including
climate considerations in the voting policy, by supporting
relevant shareholder proposals in this area),
dialogue with companies individually and collectively on their
climate strategy and the ambition to achieve net zero GHG
emissions,
advocate for a climate lobbying policy aligned with the Paris
Agreement.

3.6 Sustainable finance activities
The Group’s CSR strategy is structured to contribute to achieving the
United Nations’ 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). This
strategy involves supporting all customers, individuals, companies
and institutions, in their transition to a low‑carbon economy,
respectful of the planet’s resources and enabling the respect of
human rights and the inclusion of the most vulnerable.
To this end, the Group continues to expand the range of products
and services to support and even accelerate this transition including:
■ sustainable loans, for which the internal classification is based

on external market standards such as those of the Loan Market
Association and the European Taxonomy in Europe;
■ sustainable

bonds, according to the guidelines of the
International Capital Market Association (ICMA), including,
among others, green bonds and social bonds;

■ sustainable investment funds, which make it possible to direct

investments towards assets incorporating ESG criteria, in other
words funds classified as articles 8 and 9 according to the
Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR), whether they
promote environmental or social characteristics (article 8), or
have a sustainable investment objective (article 9);

7

■ financing for low‑carbon energy production;
■ support

for
institutions):
■
■

impact

enterprises

(including

microfinance

through banking services or investment,
through financing, in particular with impact bonds, which
enable the financing of innovative projects led by
associations or impact enterprises, with a payment for
results model dependent on social, environmental and
development indicators, or the circular economy.

these

reduce the carbon footprint of directly held equity and
corporate bond portfolios by at least 23% by 2024 (compared
to 2020),

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

891

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

4

points of view of employees are gathered through targeted
surveys, social dialogue, employee networks and the
whistleblowing platform. The Global Agreement, renewed in
2024, provides for the possibility of specific exchanges with, in
particular, the trade union federation UNI Global Union, within
a dedicated annual monitoring committee;

DIALOGUE WITH STAKEHOLDERS
AND WHISTLEBLOWING MECHANISM

4.1 Dialogue with stakeholders
Dialogue with stakeholders is at the heart of BNP Paribas’ social and
environmental responsibility. The Group’s commitment to
maintaining an open and constructive dialogue with its stakeholders
aims first and foremost to better identify and understand the
interests, points of view and expectations of its stakeholders, as well
as the impacts of its activity.
The Group can thus take them into consideration in the evolution of
its product and service offering, in line with the real needs of its
customers, the evolution of its business lines and the definition of its
strategy.

■ for shareholders (individual and institutional investors) and

financial and extra‑financial rating agencies, the dedicated
contacts are Investor Relations and Financial Information (RIIF)
and the ESG Transparency & Performance team (ESG T&P)
within the Company Engagement Department for ESG topics.
BNP Paribas presents its CSR strategy to investors several times
a year and regularly keeps extra‑financial analysts informed;
■ for BNP Paribas suppliers, the Procurement & Performance

(P&P) teams organise regular monitoring meetings to collect
feedback and implement progress plans. The central team also
organises annual events dedicated to the Group’s key suppliers
and conducts satisfaction surveys (SME Pacte barometer),
which are also channels for reporting information and dialogue.
As a signatory in France of the Responsible Supplier Relations
Charter (RFAR) promoted by the Mediation of Companies,
BNP Paribas also has independent internal purchasing
mediators in France and Italy, whose contact details are
published on the Group’s institutional websites and BNL's, and
which offer a remedy channel in the event of a dispute;

This dialogue is also key to informing stakeholders of the Group’s
decisions and actions, and to explaining them, with the aim of
transparency and clarity.
The Group identifies several stakeholders of different types and with
different levels of interaction. In particular, can be noted its
customers (individuals, professionals, companies and institutions),
its employees and employee representative bodies, its shareholders
(individual and institutional investors), its suppliers, financial and
extra‑financial rating agencies, regulatory bodies and public
authorities, civil society and its organisations.
BNP Paribas has implemented a structured approach to dialogue
with its stakeholders and relies on several internal policies
governing relations with them to frame its approach. For example:
■ with regard to customers, the clients' interests protection policy

■ regulatory

bodies and public authorities hold regular
discussions with the Institutional Affairs department, in
accordance with the charter for responsible lobbying to public
authorities (1);

defines the rules of organisation and conduct that must be
applied by the Group throughout the relationship with the
customer, and at all stages of the life cycle of products and
services;

■ civil society and its organisations are in contact with the teams

■ the BNP Paribas sustainable sourcing charter sets out the

All of these discussions enable the Group to better understand its
impacts on people and the environment and the associated
expectations of its stakeholders, to focus its actions on vigilance
issues and to strengthen their effectiveness.

Group’s ethical principles and commitments with its suppliers.
In addition, each type of stakeholder has identified contacts within
BNP Paribas, at the level of a function or business line. The Group
adapts and deploys several channels of dialogue with its
stakeholders, the main ones of which are listed below.
■ Customers are in contact with the Group’s dedicated sales

teams according to their profile and needs. Their interests and
points of view are collected as part of the Advocacy programme
to listen to the voice of customers (for example Net Promoter
Score, relationship surveys, transactional surveys). These
channels of dialogue are supplemented by the processing of
complaints at the level of each Group entity and by the services
of independent mediators;
■ for employees and employee representative bodies, the Group’s

Human Resources are the main contacts. The interests and

of the Company Engagement department and the business
lines. Within the Company Engagement Department, a team is
dedicated to relations with advocacy NGOs.

4.2 Whistleblowing framework
BNP Paribas Group pays particular attention to the concerns of
customers, employees, shareholders, suppliers and society as a
whole. The Group is committed to listening, understanding and
seeking to respond to the concerns raised by its stakeholders in a
fair and effective manner.
BNP Paribas employees should report any effective or suspected
breach of the Code of conduct, Group policies and procedures, or
regulations. Employees can report issues to their line manager or
another manager, or to Human Resources for issues relating to
respect for persons, or to a Compliance alert channel.

(1) https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/charter_representation_bnpp_uk_july2022.pdf

892

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

Any suspicion by a BNP Paribas employee of a serious or potentially
serious violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, the
health and safety of individuals, and the environment may be
reported according to this whistleblowing system, except when
specified otherwise by local regulations or procedures.
The whistleblowing system is open to Group employees and external
third parties via the “BNP Paribas Whistleblowing Platform”,
accessible on the BNP Paribas intranet and institutional website (1).
The protection of whistleblowers against the risk of retaliation was
strengthened in 2022, in line with the transposition of the European
Directive 2019/1937. Any person that needs to know of an alert
during its processing is formally committed to respecting the

5

7

confidentiality of the information relating to the whistleblower and
any person involved. In addition, the Group guarantees the
protection of whistleblowers against the risk of retaliation, and any
person considering themselves the victim of retaliation may issue an
alert that will be dealt with according to the standards defined by
the Human Resources Department. This protection applies
regardless of the channel used by the whistleblower.
The whistleblowing system is presented in the mandatory Code of
conduct training course.
Alerts are analysed and processed, with 278 alerts reported via the
Compliance alert channels in 2024.

SYSTEM FOR MONITORING THE MEASURES IMPLEMENTED AND ASSESSING THEIR
EFFECTIVENESS

➤ TABLE OF INDICATORS MONITORED AND REPORT ON OPERATIONAL IMPLEMENTATION
Topic

Indicator

Employees

Number of Pulse surveys
carried out during the year,
number of countries
concerned and average
participation rate

46 surveys in 62 countries
with an average
participation rate of 72%

Percentage of employees
who completed ethics or
conduct training during the
year

98.1%

Employment rate of
employees with disabilities

3.2%(1)

3%(2) Risks of discrimination,
inequality and exclusion

Number of ESG evaluations
of external suppliers carried
out in a new relationship
context

5,214

5,312 Risks related to
non‑compliance with the
principles set out in the BNP
Paribas sustainable sourcing
charter:
■ fair practices and ethics:
fraud and corruption,
protection of personal
data, property rights and
patents;

Suppliers and
subcontractors

2024

2023

Risk(s) addressed

71 surveys in 57 countries Risks related to working
with an average conditions, freedom of
participation rate of 71% association and collective
bargaining, risks of
discrimination, inequality
and exclusion, risks related
to health and safety at work
Between 96% and 99% Risks related to
non‑compliance with fair
practices and ethics, fraud
and corruption

7

■ respect for human rights

and social conditions;

■ environmental protection

(1) https://group.bnpparibas/en/direct‑access/whistleblowing.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

893

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

Topic

2024

Indicator

2023

Risk(s) addressed

Distribution of financial Number of surveys
7.3 million surveys sent by
7 million surveys sent by Risks of discrimination in
products and services to conducted during the year
e‑mail.
email. access to products and
individuals
among individual customers In addition, nearly 850,000 In addition, nearly 800,000 services
in the four Domestic
feedback items were
feedback items were Risks of inadequate
Markets (France, Belgium,
collected via live surveys on collected via live surveys on customer decisions and
Italy and Luxembourg)
digital channels (pop‑in,
digital channels (pop‑in, indebtedness
pop‑up)
pop‑up)
Percentage of beneficiaries
of the specific “Forfait de
Compte” offer from
Commercial & Personal
Banking in France, out of the
total number of customers
identified as financially
vulnerable

19.7%

Financing, investment
Number of companies on
and advisory activities to the activity restriction lists,
corporate clients
of which excluded and
monitored companies

2,736 companies of which
1,753 excluded and 983
under monitoring

19.5% Risks of non‑accessibility to
financial products and
services, covering both
non‑discrimination and
contribution to social
inclusion through financial
inclusion
1,718 companies of which Risks related to human
1,432 excluded and 286 rights and fundamental
under monitoring freedoms
Risks related to the health
and safety of individuals
Risks related to the
environment

Number of resolutions
during the year opposed by
BNP Paribas Asset
Management at Annual
General Meetings for ESG
reasons

Share and amount of
low‑carbon energies in the
Group’s financing of energy
production at the end of the
year, of which renewable

Opposition to 2,294
Opposition to 1,521 Risks related to human
resolutions proposed by 371 resolutions proposed by 271 rights and fundamental
companies
companies freedoms
Risks related to the health
and safety of individuals
Risks related to the
environment
76% (at end September
2024)
EUR 36.8 billion, of which
EUR 34.2 billion for
renewable energies

65% (at end September Risks related to the
2023) environment: climate
EUR 32 billion, of which change and greenhouse
gases, damage to
EUR 28.8 billion for
biodiversity, resource
renewable energies
depletion

Whistleblowing
mechanism

Number of alerts received
by the Compliance Function
through the whistleblowing
system

278

333 Risks related to human
rights and fundamental
freedoms

Dialogue with
stakeholders

Number of interactions
during the year with
advocacy NGOs

182

183 Risks related to the health
and safety of individuals

Number of interactions
during the year with
investors on ESG topics

87

96 Risks related to the
environment

(1) Data collected in the Social Reporting campaign, which covers 95% of the Group's employees in FTE as of 31/12/2024.
(2) Employment rate in the entities covered by the Social Reporting campaign that specifically report monitoring the number of employees with disabilities in their
workforce (covering 91% of the Group’s employees in FTE as of 31/12/2023.

894

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

5.1 Employees
In addition to the indicators concerning BNP Paribas' employees
listed in the table above and the three indicators relating to the
Group’s social responsibility included in the CSR dashboard
(presented in section 7.1.1 General information 2.a Strategy,
business model and value chain in the Group's Sustainability
statements), other objectives are monitored by the Group with
regard to its employees.
As part of the Global Agreement, a joint monitoring committee
responsible for the implementation of the Agreement meets once a
year to assess the progress made under the agreement and to take
stock of the past year on the basis of a grid of indicators by country
and geographical area.

These figures concern around 30 Procurement teams located in 25
different countries that contributed to responsible purchasing
reporting in 2024.
At BNP Paribas Real Estate in 2024, 81% of suppliers signed the
sustainable sourcing charter (compared to 45% in 2022).

5.3 Distribution of financial products and services
to individuals
With regard to the broad and continuous system to listen to
customers deployed by the Group in 2024, in the four Domestic
Markets (France, Belgium, Italy and Luxembourg), 7.3 million e‑mail
surveys were sent to customers to collect their feedback, with a
return rate of 7%. In addition, nearly 850,000 feedback items were
collected via live surveys on digital channels (pop‑in, pop‑up).

In terms of gender pay equality, the Group set a dedicated budget of
EUR 10 million for BNP Paribas SA over two years in 2022, renewed
at the BNP Paribas SA Mandatory Annual Negotiations in France in
2024 with EUR 10 million to be divided equally over 2025 and 2026.

With regard to the Group's financial inclusion offers, at the end of
2024:

BNP Paribas remains attentive to its employees through Pulse
surveys, with 46 surveys carried out in 62 countries, with
increasingly high participation rates within the Group. In 2024, it was
a 72% participation rate on average among nearly 173,000
employees surveyed. The vast majority of surveys launched in 2024
by the Group’s various business lines and entities incorporated three
common questions related to employee engagement, in particular
pride in belonging to the Group, adherence to the strategy and
involvement in work. The overall engagement score based on the
consolidation of all local engagement scores (1) reached a high level
of nearly 85 out of 100 (stable compared to 2023).

■ Nickel has achieved more than 4.3 million accounts opened

The Group also listens to employees through their representatives.
Indeed, the Group’s desire is to be part of a constructive social
dialogue, which goes beyond the organisational levels, from the
subsidiaries to the SA, from the Group in France and beyond our
borders. These discussions with employee representatives cover key
topics such as strategy, results and transformation projects.
The Group invests heavily in the training of its employees,
particularly on ESG topics, for which specific monitoring has been
put in place. In 2024, 77,270 Group employees attended
Sustainability Academy training and specific training on respect for
human rights in the conduct of business was rolled out to 1,600
targeted employees. Since its launch at the end of 2022, more than
130,000 Group employees have been trained as part of the
Sustainability Academy.

5.2 Suppliers and subcontractors
The number of ESG evaluations of suppliers and subcontractors
carried out in a new relationship context is an indicator monitored
by BNP Paribas for this category of stakeholders. In 2024, 5,214 ESG
evaluations were carried out (compared to 5,312 in 2023).
Another indicator, the number of suppliers belonging to the priority
monitoring quadrant (sensitive suppliers list) that have adhered to
its sustainable sourcing charter, is also monitored. At the end of
2024, 2,007 suppliers had signed this sustainable sourcing charter
(compared to 1,287 at the end of 2023).

7

■ in

France, 19.7% of customers identified as financially
vulnerable by Commercial & Personal Banking in France
benefited from its dedicated “Forfait de Compte” offer, which
aims to contribute to the improvement of their financial
situation with adapted banking services and a cap on a set of
costs;
since its creation, up by more than 706,000 accounts in one
year;

■ BNP Paribas’ direct support for microfinance reached EUR 468.8

million in loans and investments for 22 Microfinance
Institutions (MFIs) in 13 countries. At the end of September
2024, this represented nearly 700,000 active beneficiaries (of
partner MFIs) indirectly supported by BNP Paribas.

5.4 Financing, investment and advisory activities
for corporate clients
At the end of 2024, the system for financing and investment
activities for corporate clients as well as the restriction of activity
according to the severity of the environmental and social impacts
produced the following results:
■ ESG

Assessment questionnaires were conducted with
medium‑sized corporate clients (companies with turnover of
over EUR 50 million, selected on risk‑based criteria) and
financial institutions;

7

■ at the end of 2024, the restriction of activity lists included 2,736

companies (compared to 1,718 in 2023), of which 1,753
companies were excluded and 983 monitored;
■ in 2024, BNP Paribas Asset Management voted at 2,063 Annual

General Meetings, abstaining or opposing around 35% of these
resolutions (compared to 36% in 2023), and supporting 85% of
shareholder proposals on climate change and 97% of those on
social topics. In 2024, BNP Paribas Asset Management opposed
2,294 resolutions proposed by 371 companies, primarily due to
environmental or biodiversity‑related considerations;
■ in 2024, 96% of BNP Paribas Cardif’s general assets in euros in

France were subject to an ESG analysis.

(1) Covering 90% of all Group employees at 31 December 2024.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

895

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

With regard to sustainable financing and activities with a positive
impact, the results are as follows:
■ sustainable loans, for an amount of EUR 133 billion at the end

of 2024;

represented EUR 36.8 billion, of which EUR 34.2 billion for
renewable energy sources, i.e. 76% of the Group’s energy
production financing;
■ support

for impact enterprises (including Microfinance
Institutions), which exceeded EUR 2 billion at end‑2024, with
support for 3,119 impact enterprises.

■ sustainable bonds, for an amount of EUR 106 billion at the end

of 2024, for which BNP Paribas was the world leader at the end
of 2024 according to Dealogic;
■ assets under management under articles 8 and 9 of the SFDR in

BNP Paribas Asset Management’s open‑ended funds distributed
in Europe reached EUR 285 billion at the end of 2024;
■ financing for the production of low‑carbon, mainly renewable

energy: at the end of September 2024, this financing

With regard to the alignment of the credit portfolio, given the
relative weighting of each sector in the Group’s credit exposure, the
average results for end‑2024 in the nine business sectors for which
the Group has set intermediate targets are in line with BNP Paribas’
ambition to finance a carbon neutral economy by 2050 (see section
3.5 Alignment of the credit and investment portfolios with the
net‑zero objective in 2050):

➤ RESULTS OBSERVED AT THE END OF 2024 CONCERNING THE ALIGNMENT OF BNP PARIBAS’ CREDIT PORTFOLIO
Reference base
[year at 31/12 unless otherwise
stated]

Most recent result
[year at 31/12]

Target
[year at 31/12]

Oil: 2.1
Gas: 2.7
[2024]

Oil: ≤ 1 (-80%)
Gas: ≤ 3.7 (-30%)
[2030]

Financed emissions of the sector
27.3
(exploration‑ production and refining) in [Q3 2022]
MtCO2e

9.5
[2024]

≤ 8.2 (-70%)
[2030]

gCO2/kWh

208
[2020]

129
[2024]

≤ 146 (-30%)
[2025]

Share of renewable energy in the
electricity mix calculated by capacity

57%
[2020]

70%
[2024]

≥ 66%
[2025]

Share of coal in the electricity mix
calculated by capacity

10%
[2020]

4%
[2024]

≤ 5%
[2025]

gCO2/km WLTP(1)

183
[2020]

145
[2024]

≤ 137 (-25%)
[2025]

Share of electrified vehicles(2)

4%
[2020]

16%
[2024]

≥ 25%
[2025]

Steel

tCO2/t of crude steel

1.6
[2022]

1.5
[2024]

≤ 1.2 (-25%)
[2030]

Aluminium

tCO2e/t aluminium

6.2
[2022]

5.3
[2024]

≤ 5.6 (-10%)
[2030]

Cement

tCO2/t of cement product

0.67
[2021]

0.63
[2023]

≤ 0.51 (-24%)
[2030]

Aviation

gCO2e/RTK(3)

956
[2022]

904
[2023]

≤ 785 (-18%)
[2030]

Shipping

AER (Annual Efficiency Ratio) in gCO2e/
dwt.nm

8.3
[2022]

8.2
[2023]

5.6 - 6.4 (-32 to -23%)
[2030]

Commercial Real estate

kgCO2e/m2

28.4
[2022]

27.7
[2023]

16.7 - 19.5 (-41 to -31%)
[2030]

Residential Real estate

kgCO2e/m2

Group: 35.5
France: 20.2
Belgium: 59.7
Italy: 34.4
[2022]

Group: 35.0
France: 19.7
Belgium: 58.4
Italy: 33.1
[2023]

-

Sector

Metric

Oil & gas

Exploration‑production credit exposure in Oil: 5.0
billions of euros
Gas: 5.3
[Q3 2022]

Power generation

Automotive

(1) WLTP: Worldwide Harmonised Light Vehicle Test Procedures defined by the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe.
(2) Electrified vehicles: plug‑in hybrid vehicles, battery electric vehicles, vehicles equipped with fuel cells.
(3) Revenue Tonne Kilometre.

896

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

For more details on the scopes and scenarios used, see the full table
“Summary of baselines, emissions and targets in intensity and
absolute value of the main sectors emitting the most greenhouse
gases” in section 7.1.2 Climate change in the Group’s Sustainability
reports.
In addition, concerning investments, BNP Paribas Asset Management
and BNP Paribas Cardif each analysed the impact of their respective
investment portfolios on biodiversity for the third year in 2024 (1),
making it possible to identify engagement targets for the voting team
and for the asset managers. Three years after the publication of its
first biodiversity roadmap in 2021, BNP Paribas Asset Management
published an update of this roadmap in December 2024 (2) which
details its progress to date.

5.5 Operational scope
BNP Paribas carries out actions to reduce its direct environmental
impacts, with the aim of being consistent with its commitments in
its financing and investment activities, setting an example and
raising the awareness of its employees.
Thus, BNP Paribas has measured its energy consumption and
greenhouse gas emissions within its operational scope (scope 1,
scope 2 and scope 3 for business travel) since 2012 and is gradually
reducing them by reducing energy consumption for its premises, less
energy‑consuming IT equipment and supervision of business travel,
as well as by developing the use of low‑carbon energies.
With regard to 2024, the Group’s greenhouse gas emissions
(expressed in tonnes of CO2 equivalent per full‑time equivalent –
FTE) amounted to 1.48 teqCO2 per FTE (compared to 1.56 teqCO2 per
FTE in 2023).

7

5.6 Interactions with the Group’s external
stakeholders
Interactions with our stakeholders are key for the Group. Their
number is constantly changing, with in particular:
■ 182 interactions with advocacy NGOs in 2024, on topics such as

climate, fossil fuels and human rights;
■ 87 interactions with investors in 2024, on various topics such as
portfolio alignment, ESG risk management, sectoral policies and
CSR governance.

5.7 System's controls
Risk management is central to the banking business and is one of
the cornerstones of operations for BNP Paribas. The Group has an
internal control system covering all types of risks to which it may be
exposed, including environmental and social risks, organised around
three complementary lines of defence. The vigilance plan is based on
this system, which makes it possible to verify compliance with
procedures and the implementation of appropriate measures if
necessary.
The operational entities, supported by the Company Engagement, HR
and TOP Departments, constitute a first line of defence; they are
responsible for their risks and are the primary players in permanent
control. The risk management system, which includes ESG risks, is
operated by the first line of defence, which forms the first‑level
control system.
The three integrated functions exercising second‑level control
(second line of defence) are:
■ RISK, responsible for organising and overseeing the overall risk

management system (including ESG risks);
■ Compliance, responsible for organising and overseeing the

non‑compliance risk control system;
■ LEGAL, responsible for organising and overseeing the legal risk

control system.

7

(1) Cardif Assurance Vie: https://www.bnpparibascardif.com/c/document_library/get_file?uuid=6c1e7eaa‑e4d8‑002d‑d1c5‑6ddc6c6c66de&groupId=348001.
Cardif Assurance Retraite: https://www.bnpparibascardif.com/c/document_library/get_file?uuid=1fb5d935‑f1d5‑85eb‑8a6b‑83fee0aece39&groupId=348001.
BNP Paribas Asset Management: https://docfinder.bnpparibas‑am.com/api/files/d7877194‑bc40‑44ed‑afa9‑57bc17c81a01.
Real Estate Investment Management: BNP‑Paribas‑REIM_ESG‑report‑2023_VFINAL‑Web.pdf.
(2) https://docfinder.bnpparibas‑am.com/api/files/5a588f17‑f044‑4b52‑bd2c‑9d4921b08bad

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

897

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Vigilance plan

The permanent control system is shown below:

Permanent Control
Level 2 controls
(L2Cs)

Operating entities

Finance &
Stra
teg
y

Level 1 controls
(L1Cs)

Operating
entities

L1Cs

- Responsible for controlling
their risks
- Deploy and perform the
controls within their respective
scopes

L2Cs

Control Functions
Co

- Perform the level 2 controls:
independent review of the
robustness and effectiveness
of the control system

m

pl

ia

nc

e

RI S

K

LE G A L

General Inspection is the third line of defence: the General
Inspection is responsible for periodic control, performs the internal
audit function and contributes to the protection of the Group by
independently acting as its third line of defence on all Group entities
and in all areas, including ESG. A dedicated ESG expertise line
oversees the coordination of ESG topics across General Inspection.

In order to verify the strict application of ESG risk management
tools, BNP Paribas has rolled out a CSR operational control plan
which establishes a continuous improvement process. This control
plan, linked to the application of sectoral policies, exclusion and
monitoring lists, and questionnaires on the duty of care, is applied to
the Group’s business lines and functions.
In addition, BNP Paribas' 2024 Sustainability statements are audited
with a limited assurance report by the statutory auditors.

OUR COMMITMENT TO CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT
BNP Paribas’ vigilance approach is part of a drive for continuous improvement. As such, the Group will complete, where necessary, its
identification, control and management tools for identified risks, and will report on them each year in its Universal registration document.

898

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Statement on modern slavery and human trafficking

7

7.3 Statement on modern slavery and human
trafficking
INTRODUCTION
This Statement outlines the steps that BNP Paribas has taken to
ensure that human trafficking (1) and modern slavery (2) are not
taking place in its business or in any of its supply chains. It also
refers to the risk management processes that the Group has put in
place in the context of its financing and investment activities, which
govern the potential cases of human rights violations that may affect
the activities of its clients.
This Statement is for the financial year ended 31 December 2024.
The Board and the Director and Chief Executive Officer attest

annually that the Group complies with this Statement through the
information provided by the respective departments of corporate
social responsibility (CSR), Procurement & Performance and Human
Resources (HR).
This Statement applies to all companies within the BNP Paribas
Group that are required to have a slavery and modern trafficking
statement. Those who have chosen to prepare their own declaration
are not concerned.

THE BNP PARIBAS GROUP
BNP Paribas is Europe’s leading provider of banking and financial
services. It operates in 64 countries and employs 177,952 full‑time
equivalent workforce. It holds key positions in its three main areas of
activity: Corporate & Institutional Banking (personalised solutions for
our corporate and institutional customers), Commercial, Personal
Banking & Services (network of commercial & personal banks in the
Eurozone and the Europe‑Mediterranean zone, as well as some of
the Group’s specialised business lines (3), and Investment &

Protection Services (expertise in savings, investment and protection
solutions). More information on BNP Paribas operations can be found
in section 1.4 Presentation of operating divisions and business lines.
The Group purchases nearly EUR 10 billion of expenditures
worldwide broken down into nine categories: Real Estate, Market
Data, Marketing & Communication, Consumables & General Services,
Banking Services, Professional Services, Technology, Transaction fees
and Travel.

RISKS OF MODERN SLAVERY & HUMAN TRAFFICKING
Academic studies, field investigations and recent news coverage
have all clearly demonstrated that all sectors, industries and areas
may be affected, to varying degrees, by these types of serious
infringements to human rights.
In this regard, risk assessment policies devoted to the matter of
modern slavery practices need to be multi‑factorial (with
complementary thematic screenings performed, on sector & industry,
products & services, geographical and entity level) and regularly
updated, in order to tackle this complex issue as fully and efficiently
as possible.

7

The risk‑assessment process BNP Paribas implements to address the
risks of modern slavery and human trafficking takes into account the
vastly different situations of its stakeholders and is complemented
by the ad hoc monitoring and regular discussions performed by
Group teams on this subject.

WORKFORCE’S INHERENT RISKS
Concerning Group employees, the risks of modern slavery and
human trafficking were considered very low, most of them being
highly qualified professionals.

(1) “Recruitment, transportation, transfer, harbouring or receipt of persons, by means of the threat or use of force or other forms of coercion, of abduction, of fraud, of deception, of
the abuse of power or of a position of vulnerability or of the giving or receiving of payments or benefits to achieve the consent of a person having control over another person,
for the purpose of exploitation”, United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime.
(2) “Slavery is the status or condition of a person over whom any or all of the powers attaching to the right of ownership are exercised.” United Nations Convention on Slavery.
(3) Arval, BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions, BNP Paribas Personal Finance, BNP Paribas Investors, new digital business lines (Nickel, Floa, Lyf).

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

899

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Statement on modern slavery and human trafficking

SUPPLIERS’ INHERENT RISKS
As a bank, BNP Paribas’ supply chains are mainly focused on indirect
procurements and expenditure (consulting services, IT services,
security, IT equipment, office furniture, promotional items, cleaning
and catering services). Depending on the procurement categories,
supply chains may be simple or very complex, with human rights
related risks being higher, and more difficult to monitor, where
supply chain arrangements are complex. Based on the
non‑production expenses (1) risk mapping tool developed by
BNP Paribas, less than 20% (in spending) of the Group procurement
categories are at high or very high risk in terms of human rights and
labour conditions (including modern slavery and child labour).

FINANCING AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES’
INHERENT RISKS
BNP Paribas meets the needs of millions of individual and
professional customers, entrepreneurs, small, medium and large
companies in business sectors facing multiple environmental, social
and governance (ESG) challenges. The Group also operates in
countries where legal and governance systems are at diverse levels
of development. This diversity of context calls for structured,
comprehensive and expert‑driven review and analysis processes, in
order to identify potential risks of modern slavery and human
trafficking in BNP Paribas clients’ activities, or in the activities of the
entities in which BNP Paribas invests on the behalf of its clients.

As for production purchases, an analysis was carried out at the level
of the subsidiaries concerned by specific purchases, which made it
possible to identify the ESG risks of their main suppliers and to
prioritise the measures to be implemented.

BNP PARIBAS POLICY ON MODERN SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING
Respect for human rights is one of the pillars on which BNP Paribas’
CSR strategy is based. The Group has committed itself to the
promotion of the following principles and standards that form the
basis of its activities:

These public commitments are backed by internal policies
implemented at Group level, with the goal of handling the many
subjects revolving around social, environmental and governance
matters, including human rights. These policies include:

■ the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals;

■ BNP Paribas Group Code of conduct;

■ the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact;

■ BNP Paribas and Human Rights (released in 2024);

■ the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human

■ the BNP Paribas Sustainable Sourcing Charter;

Rights (United Nations Guiding Principles);

■ the BNP Paribas Asset Management Business Conduct Policy

(updated in 2024);

■ the internationally‑accepted OECD Guidelines for multinational

enterprises;
■ the internationally‑accepted standards of human rights, as

defined in the International Bill of Human Rights;
■ the core labour standards set out by the International Labour

Organization.

■ the BNP Paribas Responsible Business Principles.

Early and efficient identification of modern slavery risks is the first
step towards its prevention, alleviation and remediation, and calls
for specific policies and practices. In this regard, BNP Paribas has
taken the following steps and actions in order to exert its duty of
care with all due seriousness.

(1) “Production expenses” refer to purchases of goods and services specific to a commercial activity.

900

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Statement on modern slavery and human trafficking

TOWARDS ITS EMPLOYEES

Raising concerns

BNP Paribas is committed to providing a motivating working
environment in which all employees are treated with fairly and with
respect. In particular, the Group focuses on respect and the need to
apply the most stringent norms of professional behaviour, and
rejects all forms of discrimination. BNP Paribas’ policies and
procedures notably include an annual review of high‑risk countries
in terms of human rights, as well as a monitoring of employees
under the age of 18 (in 2024 the Group had only one such employee,
aged 17 and working in the United Kingdom).

The Group pays particular attention to the concerns of customers,
employees, shareholders, suppliers and society as a whole. The
Group is committed to listening, understanding and seeking to
respond to the concerns raised by its stakeholders in a fair and
effective manner.

In addition, the Group’s policies and procedures notably include a
diversity and inclusion policy as well as fair remuneration principles
(excluding any form of discrimination) at the time of recruitment and
during employees’ tenure within the Group. In accordance with the
Global Agreement concluded in 2024, the Group ensures that all its
employees receive a decent wage (1).
The BNP Paribas Code of conduct, which applies to all employees,
reaffirms the Group’s commitment to changing behaviour. The
Group’s “Respect for people” policy aims to combat inappropriate
behaviour, in particular harassment and discrimination. Thus, every
employee within the Group has to treat all individuals with respect,
to ensure that interactions with them are professional, to listen and
to consider their contributions, even if they express different
opinions.
In the wake of its 2018 commitments, taken with UNI Global Union
and materialised in the Global Agreement (2), the Group renegotiated
a new agreement that was signed in November 2024 for a period of
4 years. This agreement enables the Group to put in place an
ambitious plan to help improve the quality of life and working
conditions of all employees and, in so doing, to achieve greater
equality and inclusive growth.

Awareness and training
BNP Paribas took part in the development of an awareness‑raising
e‑learning module called “Human Rights into Business”, co‑created
with the other members of the French association Entreprises pour
les Droits de l’Homme (Businesses for Human Rights – EDH). This
e‑learning module is mandatory for all employees who directly
contribute to the promotion of human rights. It is available in eight
languages and freely accessible to all Group employees.

7

BNP Paribas employees should report any effective or suspected
breach of laws, regulations, the Code of conduct, Group policies or
procedures.
As part of the “Respect for people” policy aimed at preventing
discrimination, harassment and violence at work, the Group has
initiated several actions, including measures to inform and raise
awareness among employees and managers, and to professionalise
the Human Resources sector. Employees can report issues via a
single and secure platform, the BNP Paribas Whistleblowing
Platform, or, for alerts not in relation with the “Respect for people”
policy, to their line manager.
The framework implemented by BNP Paribas includes both
prevention measures (the awareness‑raising module “Diversity,
Equality & Inclusion”, assignment of an annual objective relating to
the Code of conduct, training of managers on their roles and duties,
etc.) and remediation (disciplinary and accompanying measures,
monitoring over time and protection against reprisals).
Any violation or suspected violation of human rights in the context of
the Group’s activities or its suppliers may be reported in the Group’s
whistleblowing system, except if local regulations or procedures
prevent this.
Pursuant to 2016‑1691 law of December 9, 2016 (“Sapin II law”),
amended by 2022‑401 law of March 21, 2022 (“Waserman law”), the
Group’s whistleblowing system is open to the Group’s employees
and external third parties through the BNP Paribas Whistleblowing
Platform, which can be accessed on the intranet and BNP Paribas
corporate website. The whistleblowing policy guarantees employees
exercising their right to raise an alert protection against reprisal for
having raised an internal alert, in accordance with the terms of the
policy.
A summary note (3) on whistleblowing is available on the
BNP Paribas Group website.

7

(1) The Group defines decent wage as the adequate wage level to cover the basic needs of an employee and his or her family, in particular in terms of housing, food, health,
education, transport, means of communication and precautionary savings. To this end, BNP Paribas relies on a leading organisation in this field, the Fair Wage Network, which
has been active on decent wages issues since 2009. The decent wage is calculated on the basis of the individual compensation data managed in the Group tool and covers
approximately 175,000 employees present in the Group as at 30/09/2024.Only fixed remuneration is taken into account.
(2) In September 2018, BNP Paribas signed a comprehensive and ambitious agreement with UNI Global Union, the International Trade Union Federation of the Services Sector.
With this agreement, BNP Paribas committed to the strengthening of fundamental rights at work and the establishment of a common global social foundation for its
employees, on the following main themes: Human rights, social dialogue and trade union rights; Social and environmental responsibility; Employment and skills management;
Gender equality; Promotion of diversity and inclusion; Prevention and fight against moral and sexual harassment; Health and quality of working life.
(3) Summary of the system – BNP Paribas’whistleblowing procedure (https://cdn‑group.bnpparibas.com/uploads/file/2024_09_summary_of_bnp_paribas_wb_framework.pdf).
.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

901

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Statement on modern slavery and human trafficking

TOWARDS ITS SUPPLIERS
Within the Procurement & Performance Function, dedicated teams
address ESG risks linked to suppliers and subcontractors through the
following framework:
■ a responsible purchasing policy that aligns the Function’s

objectives with the Group’s CSR objectives, as expressed in the
Group purpose;
■ the definition by the Function of a normative reference

framework. This framework includes:
■

■

■

■

■

■

an ESG risk mapping tool encompassing 13 themes, including
modern slavery and child labour, allowing the identification
of procurement categories at high environmental or social
risk,
a Sustainable Sourcing Charter, setting out the reciprocal
commitments of the Group and its suppliers and
subcontractors from an environmental and social standpoint,
This Charter commits suppliers to promote these principles
towards their own suppliers and subcontractors and have
them comply with these standards. The onboarding process
of external suppliers includes the signing of this Charter.
contractual clauses requiring compliance with the ILO
conventions in supplier contract standard templates in all
countries where suppliers are located, allowing contract
termination in case of non‑compliance by the suppliers of the
Group ESG requirements,
ESG questionnaire models, used during the onboarding of
new suppliers and during calls for tenders, and including
environment, ethics and human rights targeted questions.
External ESG scorings can also be used as a complementary
source of information. BNP Paribas Procurement Norms set a
minimum weight of 15% for CSR‑related criteria in calls for
tenders,
supplier monitoring rules, targeting ESG criteria used during
the selection process and completed by the thematic
regulatory watches and external ESG ratings, and
training for employees of Procurement & Performance (1).

TOWARDS ITS CLIENTS (FINANCING
AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES)
BNP Paribas strives to reduce potential violation of social and
environmental rights, including human rights, from its financing and
investment activities
These provisions are based on:
■ the development of financing and investment policies managing

the Group’s activities in sectors with significant ESG issues;
■ the respect of the United Nations Guiding Principles in the

financing and investment activities;
■ the respect of the Equator Principles for major industrial and

infrastructure projects;
■ the integration of ESG criteria in the Know Your Customer (KYC)

process;
■ the progressive integration of ESG criteria in lending and rating

policies;
■ the development and use of management and monitoring tools

for these risks, including specific questionnaires for activities
with salient environmental and social risks;
■ the training of financing and investing business lines and

control functions on the ESG risk framework;
■ an operational control plan.

In addition to the tools described above, an ESG Assessment
framework has been deployed since 2021. It enables the
identification, assessment and monitoring of the performance and
ESG risks of corporate customers, in a sector‑specific manner, with a
common approach within the Group for a given customer segment.
The ESG Assessment covers five major extra financial topics,
including respect for human rights, and is used from the onboarding
(as part of the KYC process) and throughout the business
relationship.
Implemented initially towards the Group’s large corporate clients,
the ESG Assessment is also being gradually deployed towards
corporate clients with a turnover exceeding EUR 50 million, and
financial institutions.

(1) In the process of being rolled out for the Australian Purchasing function.

902

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
Statement on modern slavery and human trafficking

7

ASSESSING EFFECTIVENESS
Acknowledging the challenges of assessing and addressing modern
slavery and human trafficking issues, BNP Paribas remains committed
to the review and enhancement of its own processes and policies, in
order to continually improve their range and effectiveness.

Another indicator, the number of suppliers belonging to the Sensitive
Suppliers List who have signed BNP Paribas’ Responsible Sourcing
Charter, is also monitored. By the end of 2024, 2,007 suppliers had
done so (compared with 1,287 at the end of 2023).

FOR EMPLOYEE‑TARGETED POLICIES

FOR FINANCING AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES

BNP Paribas tracks the effectiveness of its actions in this field
through the number of employees who have received specific
training on the respect of human rights in business practices. In
2024, more than 1,600 Group employees performed this training.

The opening and maintenance of a high‑quality dialogue between
the Group and the entities it finances or in which it invests, plays an
important role in monitoring and remedying certain issues, including
those relating to human rights. The changes in exclusion and
monitoring lists (i.e. the companies with which the Group does not
wish to maintain commercial relations or invest in, or which are
subject to increased monitoring, which may result from serious
violations of human rights) is another indicator monitored by
BNP Paribas. At the end of 2024, these lists numbered 2,703 legal
entities (1,752 under exclusion and 951 under monitoring), against
1,718 at the end of 2023.

FOR SUPPLIER‑TARGETED POLICIES
The number of ESG assessments of suppliers and subcontractors
carried out as part of onboarding is an indicator monitored by
BNP Paribas for this category of stakeholders. In 2024, 5,214 ESG
assessments were conducted (compared to 5,312 in 2023).

PROCESS OF CONSULTATION FOR PREPARING THIS STATEMENT
The information on this statement has been prepared thanks to the
work and collaboration of relevant subject matter specialists, as well
as members of the BNP Paribas CSR network, reaching through all
functions, business lines and countries of the Group, where

applicable. The Company Engagement Direction and the LEGAL
Function have coordinated this collaborative process over the past
year, and in particular have consulted the designated contacts and
experts for the United Kingdom and Australia.

CONCLUSION
This statement has been used by BNP Paribas to establish the annual statements required by the Modern Slavery Act 2015 of the United
Kingdom and Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth) of Australia. The annual statement can be found on the Publications page of the Group
website (1) (https://group.bnpparibas/publications).

7

This statement for the Group was approved by the Board of BNP Paribas SA as the parent entity on 25 February 2025.
Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ

Jean LEMIERRE

Director and Chief Executive Officer

Chairman of the Board of directors

(1) BNP Paribas also publishes its statement on modern slavery and human trafficking on the Modern slavery statement registry, a platform run by the British government.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

903

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
SASB and TCFD standards

7.4 SASB and TCFD standards
The table below takes into account the codified standards of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) for the “Commercial Banking”
category. It should be noted that the SASB standards present, at this stage, a “United States”-oriented approach to defining the criteria. This
table best represents the information and data mapping according to the SASB indicators for Commercial & Personal Banking. Note that this
mapping has not been audited.

Domain

SASB indicator
Description of the approach to identify
and address data security risks

SASB code of the
indicator

References of information and data available in the Universal registration document and the 2024
annual financial report

FN‑CB‑230a.2

■ Chapter 2.4 Internal control: p123 to 133, in particular p131

“Management of risks related to information and communication
technologies” and “Management of risks related to the protection of
personal data”

Data security

■ Chapter 5.9 Operational risk: p555‑556 “Cybersecurity and

technology”

Financial
inclusion
and capacity
building

(1) Number and (2) amount of
FN‑CB‑240a.1
outstanding loans eligible for
programmes to promote the development
of small businesses and local authorities

■ Chapter 5.4 Credit risk: p405 table 25 “Gross credit risk exposure by

(1) Number and (2) amount of past due FN‑CB‑240a.2
loans or loans with unrecognised interest
eligible for programmes to promote small
business and community development

■ Chapter 5.4 Credit risk: p405 table 25 “Gross credit risk exposure by

Number of fee‑free bank accounts
opened for previously unbanked
or under‑banked individual customers

FN‑CB‑240a.3

■ Chapter 7.1.1.2.A Strategy, business model and value chain:

Number of participants in financial
education initiatives for unbanked,
underbanked or underserved customers

FN‑CB‑240a.4

Commercial and industrial credit
exposure by industry

FN‑CB‑410a.1

Description of the approach for
integrating environmental, social and
Incorporation governance (ESG) factors into the credit
of ESG factors analysis

asset class and approach”

asset class and approach type”

p692-693 “CSR management dashboards” and “2024 Results"

■ Chapter 7.1.5.3.A Metrics and targets related to opportunities: p772

■ Chapter 5.4 Credit risk: p413 table 28 “Credit risk exposure by asset

class and approach type”

FN‑CB‑410a.2

■ Chapter 5.4 Credit risk: p376 “Credit risk management system –

Consideration of social and environmental responsibility (CSR)”

■ Chapter 5.11 Environmental, social and governance risk

in credit
analysis

■ Chapter 5 appendix 5 Environmental, Social and Governance risk:

p621

■ Chapter 7.1.1.1.D Due Diligence Approach: p688
■ Chapter 7.1.1.3 Material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities: p697 to

705

Corporate
ethics

Total amount of monetary losses
resulting from legal proceedings related
to fraud, insider trading, antitrust
practices, anti‑competitive behaviour,
market manipulation, abusive practices
or other financial industry laws or
regulations

FN‑CB‑510a.1

Description of whistleblower policies
and procedures

FN‑CB‑510a.2

■ Chapter 4.6 Notes to the financial statements prepared in

accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union: p294‑295
Note 8.c “Legal and arbitration proceedings”

■ Chapter 2.4 Internal control: p123 to 133, in particular p128‑130

“Compliance”, p130 “Legal”, p131‑132 “Risk and Permanent Control”
and p132‑133 “Periodic control”

■ Chapter 7.1.1.2.A Policies related to consumers and end‑users:

p766‑767

■ Chapter 7.1.6.1.A

Corporate culture and business conduct policies:
The whistleblowing system: p777‑778

■ Chapter 7.2.4.2 Whistleblowing framework: p892‑893

904

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
SASB and TCFD standards

Domain

SASB indicator
Global Systemically Important Bank
(G‑SIB) score, by category

SASB code of the
indicator

References of information and data available in the Universal registration document and the 2024
annual financial report

FN‑CB‑550a.1

■ Chapter 5.2 “Capital management and capital adequacy”: p383‑384

7

“Requirements related to banking regulations and banking
supervision”

■ https://invest.bnpparibas/en/document/

notification‑by‑the‑ecb‑of‑the‑2023‑srep

■ Chapter 5 Appendix 3: counter‑cyclical capital buffer and G‑SIB buffer

p614

Risk
Description of the approach for
management integrating the results of mandatory
and internal stress tests into capital
system

FN‑CB‑550a.2

■ Chapter 5.2 “Capital management and capital adequacy”
■ Chapter 5.3 Risk management: p396 to p404 in particular “Stress

tests”

adequacy planning, long‑term
organisational strategy and other
operational activities

■ Chapter 5.4 Credit risk: p411 “Stress tests – credit risk”
■ Chapter 5.6 Counterparty risk: p502 “Stress tests and adverse

correlation risk”

■ Chapter 5.7 Market risk: p527 “Stress tests – market risk”
■ Chapter 5.8 Liquidity risk: p537‑538 “Stress tests and liquidity

reserve”

(1) Number and value (2) of loans by
segment: a) retail customers and
b) small businesses

FN‑CB‑000.A

■ Chapter 1.4 Presentation of operating divisions and business lines: p8

to p19

■ Chapter 6 Notes to the parent company financial statements:

Activity
metrics

p649‑650 note 3.b “Customer transactions”

(1) Number and value (2) of loans by
segment: a) retail customers, b) small
business and c) corporate clients

FN‑CB‑000.B

■ Chapter 5.4 Credit risk: p460‑461 table 48 “Performing and

non‑performing exposures and corresponding provisions (EU CR1)”

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

905

7

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
SASB and TCFD standards

TCFD CROSS‑REFERENCE TABLE
TCFD recommendations
a) Board’s oversight of climate‑related risks and
opportunities

Governance

BNP Paribas Sustainability statements

Page

■ 7.1.1.1.a. Role of administrative, management and

684

■ 7.1.1.1.a. Role of administrative, management and

684

supervisory bodies in sustainability

b) Management’s role in assessing and managing supervisory bodies in sustainability
climate‑related risks and opportunities
■ 7.1.1.1.b. Integration of sustainability‑related

performance in incentive schemes

■ 7.1.1.3. Material impacts, risks and opportunities
■ 7.1.1.3.a. Description of the processes to identify and

assess material impacts, risks and opportunities

a) Climate‑related risks and opportunities the
organisation has identified over the short,
medium, and long term

■ 7.1.1.3.b. Material impacts, risks and opportunities and

their interaction with strategy and business model

■ 7.1.2.1.b. Material impacts, risks and opportunities and

their interaction with strategy and business model

■ 7.1.2.1.c. Description of the resilience of the Group’s

strategy and business model to climate risks

688
697
699
702
710
711

■ 7.1.1.3.a. Description of the processes to identify and

699

■ 7.1.1.3.b. Material impacts, risks and opportunities and

702

■ 7.1.2.1.a. Transition plan for climate mitigation

706

assess material impacts, risks and opportunities

their interaction with strategy and business model

■ 7.1.2.1.b. Material impacts, risks and opportunities and

their interaction with strategy and business model

■ 7.1.2.1.c. Description of the resilience of the Group’s

strategy and business model to climate risks

Strategy

b) Impact of climate‑related risks and
opportunities on the organisation’s businesses,
strategy, and financial planning

■ 7.1.2.2.a. Policies related to climate change mitigation

and adaptation

706
710
714

■ 7.1.2.2.b. Synthesis of actions related to climate

716

■ 7.1.2.2.c. Actions related to the management of climate

716

■ 7.1.2.2.d. Group actions related to climate change

719

■ 7.1.2.2.e. Resources dedicated to the transition

720

change policies

impacts and risks
opportunities

■ 7.1.2.3.a. Group’s metrics and targets related to its

impact on climate change

■ 7.1.2.3.b. Group's metrics and targets related to its

climate change opportunities

721
725

■ 7.1.1.3.a. Description of the process to identify and

699

■ 7.1.1.3.b. Material impacts, risks and opportunities and

702

assess material impacts, risks and opportunities

c) Resilience of the organisation’s strategy, taking their interaction with strategy and business model
into consideration different climate‑related
■ 7.1.2.1.b. Material impacts, risks and opportunities and
scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario

their interaction with strategy and business model

■ 7.1.2.1.c. Description of the resilience of the Group’s

strategy and business model to climate risks

906

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

710
711

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
SASB and TCFD standards

TCFD recommendations
a) Organisation’s processes for identifying and
assessing climate‑related risks

BNP Paribas Sustainability statements

Page

■ 7.1.1.3. Material impacts, risks and opportunities

697

■ 7.1.1.3.a. Description of the process to identify and

assess material impacts, risks and opportunities

7

699

■ 7.1.2.2.a. Policies related to climate change mitigation

714

■ 7.1.2.2.b. Synthesis of actions related to climate

716

■ 7.1.2.2.c. Actions related to the management of climate

716

and adaptation

change policies

impacts and risks

Risk management

b) Organisation’s processes for managing
climate‑related risks

■ 7.1.2.2.d. Group actions related to climate change

opportunities

■ 7.1.2.2.e. Resources dedicated to the transition
■ 7.1.2.3.a. Group’s metrics and targets related to its

impact on climate change

719
720
721

■ 7.1.2.3.b. Group’s metrics and targets related to its

725

■ 7.1.1.1.c. Risk management and internal controls over

688

climate change opportunities

c) How processes for identifying, assessing, and
sustainability reporting
managing climate‑related risks are integrated
into the organisation’s overall risk management ■ 7.1.1.3. Material impacts, risks and opportunities

697

■ 7.1.2.2.b. Synthesis of actions related to climate

716

■ 7.1.2.2.c. Actions related to the management of climate

716

■ 7.1.2.2.d. Group actions related to climate change

719

change policies

impacts and risks

a) Metrics used by the organisation to assess
climate‑related risks and opportunities in line
with its strategy and risk management process

opportunities

■ 7.1.2.2.e. Resources dedicated to the transition
■ 7.1.2.3.d. Gross greenhouse gas emissions

Metrics and targets

■ 7.1.2.3.e. Greenhouse gas removal and mitigation

projects, financed through carbon credits

b) Scope 1, scope 2, and scope 3 greenhouse gas ■ 7.1.2.3.d. Gross greenhouse gas emissions
(GHG) emissions, and the related risks
c) Targets used by the organisation to manage
climate‑related risks and opportunities and
performance against targets

720
726
730
726

■ 7.1.2.3.a. Group’s metrics and targets related to its

721

■ 7.1.2.3.b. Group’s metrics and targets related to its

725

impact on climate change

climate change opportunities

7

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

907

7

908

A COMMITTED BANK: INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY OF BNP PARIBAS
SASB and TCFD standards

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

8

GENERAL INFORMATION

8.1

Documents on display

910

8.2

Material contracts

910

8.3

Dependence on external parties

910

8.4

Significant changes

911

8.5

Investments

911

8.6

Information on locations and businesses in 2024

912

8.7

Founding documents and Articles of Association

931

8.8

Statutory auditors’ report on related party agreements

936

8.9

Person responsible for auditing the financial statements

938

8.10

Person responsible for the Universal registration document

939

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

909

8

GENERAL INFORMATION
Documents on display

8.1 Documents on display
This document is available on the BNP Paribas website, https://invest.bnpparibas/en/, and the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) website,
https://www.amf‑france.org/en.
Any person wishing to receive additional information about the BNP Paribas Group can request documents, without commitment, as follows:
■ by writing to:

BNP Paribas – Finance & Strategy
Investor Relations and Financial Information
Palais du Hanovre
16 rue de Hanovre – CAT03B2
75002 Paris
FRANCE
■ by calling: +33 (0)1 40 14 63 58

BNP Paribas’ regulatory information can be viewed at: https://invest.bnpparibas.com/en/regulated‑information.
Head office: 16, boulevard des Italiens, 75009 Paris, France
Legal form: BNP Paribas is a limited company authorised as a bank under the provisions of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Book V,
Title 1) on banking institutions.
Legal identity identifier: R0MUWSFPU8MPRO8K5P83
Law governing its activities: BNP Paribas is a company incorporated under French law and operates in many countries, both in Europe and
outside Europe. Many foreign regulations can therefore govern its activities.
Country of origin: France

8.2 Material contracts
To date, BNP Paribas has not entered into any material contracts – other than those entered into during the normal course of business – that
create an obligation or commitment for the entire Group.

8.3 Dependence on external parties
To date, BNP Paribas is not dependent on external parties.

910

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

GENERAL INFORMATION
Significant changes

8

8.4 Significant changes
There have been no significant changes in the Group’s financial or business situation since the end of the last financial year for which audited
financial statements were published, and in particular since the signature of the Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial
statements on 20 March 2025.

8.5 Investments
Investments since 1 January 2022 that are individually valued at over EUR 500 million and considered material at Group level are as follows:

Country

Announcement date

Transaction

Transaction amount

Comments

France

21 December 2024

Signing by BNP Paribas Cardif and AXA of the
€5.1bn
Share Purchase Agreement for the acquisition by
BNP Paribas Cardif of 100% of AXA IM and a
long‑term partnership to manage a large part of
AXA’s assets. With the combined contribution of
BNP Paribas’ asset management platforms, the
newly formed business would become a European
leader in the management of long‑term savings
for insurers and pension funds, with a total
amount of c. €1,500bn of assets under
management, of which €850bn assets from
long‑term savings

France

14 April 2024

Acquisition by BNP Paribas Group, through its
Fosun: c. €730m
insurance subsidiary BNP Paribas Cardif, of Fosun Market: Not public
Group’s stake of 17 million shares in Ageas,
complemented by subsequent market acquisition
of 4.5 million Ageas shares

Spain

n.c.

Acquisition by Banco Cetelem of Orange Bank in
Spain of a portfolio of loans for the financing of
mobile devices

Not public

In parallel of the takeover
of Orange Bank’s business
in Spain

Canada

16 December 2022

Participation of BNP Paribas SA in a capital
increase organised via a private placement by
Bank of Montreal, in the amount of
CAD 750 million for a price of CAD 118.60 per
share

CAD 750m

In connection with the
acquisition of Bank of the
West by BMO Financial
Group. Disposal in 2023

Subject to approvals from
relevant authorities

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

8

911

8

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

8.6 Information on locations and businesses
in 2024
In accordance with article L.511‑45 of the French Monetary and
Financial Code and Decree No. 2014‑1657 of 29 December 2014,
credit institutions, financial holding companies, mixed financial

I.

holding companies and investment firms are obliged to disclose
information about their locations and activities, included in their
scope of consolidation, in each State or territory.

LOCATIONS BY COUNTRY

Locations

Business

1. European Union member States
Austria
Arval Austria GmbH

Arval

BNPP Asset Management Europe (Austria branch) (Ex- BNPP Asset Management France (Austria branch))

Asset Management

BNPP Leasing Solutions GmbH

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Personal Finance (Austria branch)

Personal Finance

BNPP SA (Austria branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Assurance Vie (Austria branch)

Insurance

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Austria branch)

Insurance

CNH Industrial Capital Europe GmbH

Leasing Solutions

Stellantis Bank SA (Austria branch)

Personal Finance

Belgium

912

AG Insurance

Insurance

Alpha Crédit SA

Personal Finance

Arval Belgium NV SA

Arval

Astridplaza

Insurance

Axepta BNPP Benelux

Retail Banking

Bancontact Paytoniq Company

Retail Banking

BASS Master Issuer NV

Retail Banking

Batopin

Retail Banking

Belgian Mobile ID

Retail Banking

BNPP 3 Step IT (Belgium branch)

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Asset Management Be Holding

Asset Management

BNPP Asset Management Europe (Belgium branch) (Ex- BNPP Asset Management France (Belgium branch))

Asset Management

BNPP B Institutional II

Asset Management

BNPP Fortis

Retail Banking

BNPP Fortis Factor NV

Retail Banking

BNPP Fortis Film Finance

Retail Banking

BNPP FPE Belgium

Retail Banking

BNPP FPE Management

Retail Banking

BNPP Lease Group Belgium

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Partners for Innovation Belgium

Property Companies (Property used in operations) and
Others

BNPP Real Estate Belgium SA

Real Estate Services

BNPP SA (Belgium branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPPF Credit Brokers (Ex- Demetris NV)

Retail Banking

Cardif Assurance Vie (Belgium branch)

Insurance

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Belgium branch)

Insurance

CNH Industrial Capital Europe (Belgium branch)

Leasing Solutions

Credissimo

Retail Banking

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

Credissimo Hainaut SA

Retail Banking

Crédit pour Habitations Sociales

Retail Banking

Eos Aremas Belgium SA NV

Personal Finance

Epimede

Retail Banking

ES Finance

Leasing Solutions

Esmee Master Issuer

Retail Banking

Financière des Paiements Électroniques (Belgium branch)

New Digital Businesses

FL Zeebrugge

Leasing Solutions

Fortis Lease Belgium

Leasing Solutions

FScholen

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Gambit Financial Solutions

Asset Management

Immobilière Sauveniere SA

Retail Banking

Isabel SA NV

Retail Banking

Locadif

Arval

Microstart

Retail Banking

Private Equity Investments (a)

Retail Banking

Sagip

Retail Banking

Sowo Invest SA NV

Retail Banking

Terberg Leasing Justlease Belgium BV

Arval

8

Bulgaria
BNPP SA (Bulgaria branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Assurance Vie (Bulgaria branch)

Insurance

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Bulgaria branch)

Insurance

Czech Republic
Arval CZ SRO

Arval

BNPP Cardif Pojistovna AS

Insurance

BNPP Cardif Services SRO

Insurance

BNPP Personal Finance (Czech Republic branch)

Personal Finance

BNPP SA (Czech Republic branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Denmark
Arval AS

Arval

BNPP Cardif Livforsakring AB (Denmark branch)

Insurance

BNPP Factor AS

Retail Banking

BNPP Leasing Solutions AS

Leasing Solutions

BNPP SA (Denmark branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Forsakring AB (Denmark branch)

Insurance

Ekspres Bank AS

Personal Finance

Finland
Arval OY

Arval

BNPP SA (Finland branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

France
2SF - Société des Services Fiduciaires

Retail Banking

AEW Immocommercial

Insurance

Agathe Retail France

Insurance

Antin Participation 5

Property Companies (Property used in operations) and
Others

Aprolis Finance

Leasing Solutions

Artegy

Leasing Solutions

Arval Fleet Services

Arval

Arval Service Lease

Arval

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

8

913

8

914

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

Arval Trading

Arval

Autonoria DE 2023

Personal Finance

Axa Banque Financement

Personal Finance

Banque de Wallis et Futuna

Retail Banking

Becquerel

Insurance

BNP Paribas SA

Banking

BNPP 3 Step IT

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Actions Croissance ISR

Insurance

BNPP Actions Euro ISR

Insurance

BNPP Actions Monde ISR

Insurance

BNPP Actions Patrimoine ISR

Insurance

BNPP Agility Fund Equity SLP

Asset Management

BNPP Agility Fund Private Debt SLP

Asset Management

BNPP AM International Hedged Strategies

Asset Management

BNPP Antilles Guyane

Retail Banking

BNPP Aqua

Insurance

BNPP Asset Management Europe (Ex- BNPP Asset Management France)

Asset Management

BNPP Asset Management Holding

Asset Management

BNPP Best Selection Actions Euro ISR

Insurance

BNPP Cardif

Insurance

BNPP Convictions

Insurance

BNPP Dealing Services

Asset Management

BNPP Développement

Retail Banking

BNPP Développement Humain

Insurance

BNPP Développement Oblig

Retail Banking

BNPP Diversipierre

Insurance

BNPP Euro Climate Aligned

Insurance

BNPP Factor

Retail Banking

BNPP Financial Markets

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP France Crédit

Insurance

BNPP Global Senior Corporate Loans

Insurance

BNPP Home Loan SFH

Property Companies (Property used in operations) and
Others

BNPP Immobilier Promotion

Real Estate Services

BNPP Immobilier Résidences Services

Real Estate Services

BNPP Indice Amérique du Nord

Insurance

BNPP Indice France ESG

Insurance

BNPP Infrastructure Investments Fund

Insurance

BNPP IRB Participations

Europe‑Mediterranean

BNPP Lease Group

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Nouvelle‑Calédonie

Retail Banking

BNPP Obliselect Euro Dec 2028

Insurance

BNPP Partners for Innovation

Property Companies (Property used in operations) and
Others

BNPP Partners For Innovation Global Connect

Property Companies (Property used in operations) and
Others

BNPP Personal Finance

Personal Finance

BNPP Procurement Tech

Property Companies (Property used in operations) and
Others

BNPP Public Sector SA

Property Companies (Property used in operations) and
Others

BNPP Real Estate

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Conseil Habitation & Hospitality

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Consult France

Real Estate Services

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

BNPP Real Estate Financial Partner

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management France

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Property Management France SAS

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Transaction France

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Valuation France

Real Estate Services

BNPP Réunion

Retail Banking

BNPP Select

Asset Management

BNPP Sélection Dynamique Monde

Insurance

BNPP Selection Patrimoine Responsable

Insurance

BNPP Smallcap Euroland ISR

Insurance

BNPP Social Business France

Insurance

C Santé

Insurance

Cafineo

Personal Finance

Capital France Hotel

Insurance

Cardif Alternatives Part I

Insurance

Cardif Assurance Vie

Insurance

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers

Insurance

Cardif BNPP AM Emerging Bond

Insurance

Cardif BNPP AM Euro Paris Climate Aligned

Insurance

Cardif BNPP AM Global Environmental Equity

Insurance

Cardif BNPP AM Sustainable Euro Equity

Insurance

Cardif BNPP AM Sustainable Europe Equity

Insurance

Cardif BNPP IP Signatures

Insurance

Cardif CPR Global Return

Insurance

Cardif Edrim Signatures

Insurance

Cardif IARD

Insurance

Cardif Retraite

Insurance

Cardimmo

Insurance

Carma Grand Horizon SARL

Insurance

Carrefour Banque

Personal Finance

Cedrus Carbon Initiative Trends

Insurance

Cent ASL

Arval

Centre Commercial Francilia

Insurance

CFH Bercy

Insurance

CFH Bercy Hotel

Insurance

CFH Bercy Intermédiaire

Insurance

CFH Boulogne

Insurance

CFH Cap d’Ail

Insurance

CFH Montmartre

Insurance

CFH Montparnasse

Insurance

Claas Financial Services

Leasing Solutions

CNH Industrial Capital Europe

Leasing Solutions

Cofica Bail

Personal Finance

Cofiparc

Arval

Cofiplan

Personal Finance

Compagnie pour le Financement des Loisirs

Retail Banking

Construction‑Sale Companies (c)

Real Estate Services

Copartis

Retail Banking

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

8

8

915

8

916

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

Corosa

Insurance

Crédit Moderne Antilles Guyane

Personal Finance

Crédit Moderne Océan Indien

Personal Finance

Défense CB3 SAS

Insurance

Diversipierre DVP 1

Insurance

Domofinance

Personal Finance

DVP European Channel

Insurance

DVP Green Clover

Insurance

DVP Haussmann

Insurance

DVP Heron

Insurance

EP L

Insurance

EP1 Grands Moulins

Insurance

Eurotitrisation

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Evollis

Personal Finance

Exane Asset Management

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Exane Finance

Corporate and Institutional Banking

FCT Juice

Corporate and Institutional Banking

FCT Lafayette 2021

Property Companies (Property used in operations) and
Others

FCT Laffitte 2021

Property Companies (Property used in operations) and
Others

FCT Opera 2023

Property Companies (Property used in operations) and
Others

FCT Pulse France 2022

Arval

FCT Pyramides 2022

Property Companies (Property used in operations) and
Others

Financière des Paiements Électroniques

New Digital Businesses

Financière du Marché Saint‑Honoré

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Floa

New Digital Businesses

Foncière Partenaires

Insurance

Fondev (Ex- FDI Poncelet)

Insurance

Fondo BNPP Aqua Protetto

Insurance

Fonds d’Investissements Immobiliers pour le Commerce et la Distribution

Insurance

Fortis Lease

Leasing Solutions

FP Cardif Convex Fund USD

Insurance

GIE BNPP Cardif

Insurance

GIE BNPP Real Estate

Real Estate Services

GIE Groupement Auxiliaire de Moyens

Property Companies (Property used in operations) and
Others

GIE Groupement d’Etudes et de Prestations

Property Companies (Property used in operations) and
Others

GIE Ocean

Retail Banking

GPinvest 10

Insurance

Harmony Prime

Insurance

Hemisphere Holding

Insurance

Hibernia France

Insurance

Icare

Insurance

Icare Assurance

Insurance

JCB Finance

Leasing Solutions

Jivago Holding

Retail Banking

Korian et Partenaires Immobilier 1

Insurance

Korian et Partenaires Immobilier 2

Insurance

Loisirs Finance

Personal Finance

Louveo

Arval

Lyf SA

New Digital Businesses

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

Lyf SAS

New Digital Businesses

MGF

Leasing Solutions

Nanterre Arboretum

Real Estate Services

Natio Énergie 2

Leasing Solutions

Natio Fonds Ampère 1

Insurance

Natiocredibail

Leasing Solutions

Neuflize Vie

Insurance

Neuilly Contentieux

Personal Finance

New Alpha Cardif Incubator Fund

Insurance

Noria 2021

Personal Finance

Noria 2023

Personal Finance

Noria De 2024

Personal Finance

Opéra Rendement

Insurance

Parilease

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Partecis

Retail Banking

Paylib Services

Retail Banking

Permal Cardif Co Investment Fund

Insurance

Personal Finance Location

Personal Finance

Pixel 2021

Leasing Solutions

Portzamparc

Retail Banking

Preim Healthcare SAS

Insurance

Public Location Longue Durée

Arval

PWH

Insurance

Reumal Investissements

Insurance

Rueil Ariane

Insurance

Same Deutz Fahr Finance

Leasing Solutions

SCI 68/70 rue de Lagny Montreuil

Insurance

SCI Batipart Chadesrent

Insurance

SCI Biv Malakoff

Insurance

SCI BNPP Pierre I

Insurance

SCI BNPP Pierre II

Insurance

SCI Bouleragny

Insurance

SCI Cardif Logement

Insurance

SCI Citylight Boulogne

Insurance

SCI Clichy Nuovo

Insurance

SCI Défense Etoile

Insurance

SCI Défense Vendôme

Insurance

SCI Etoile du Nord

Insurance

SCI Fontenay Plaisance

Insurance

SCI Imefa Velizy

Insurance

SCI Nantes Carnot

Insurance

SCI Odyssée

Insurance

SCI Pantin Les Moulins

Insurance

SCI Paris Batignolles

Insurance

SCI Paris Cours de Vincennes

Insurance

SCI Paris Grande‑Armée

Insurance

SCI Paris Turenne

Insurance

SCI Portes de Claye

Insurance

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

8

8

917

8

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

SCI Rue Moussorgski

Insurance

SCI Rueil Caudron

Insurance

SCI Saint‑Denis Landy

Insurance

SCI Saint‑Denis Mitterrand

Insurance

SCI Saint‑Denis Jade

Insurance

SCI SCOO

Insurance

SCI Vendôme Athènes

Insurance

Secar

Insurance

Services Épargne Entreprise

Insurance

Services Logiciels d’Intégration Boursière

Securities Services

SNC Batipart Mermoz

Insurance

SNC Batipart Poncelet

Insurance

SNC Natiocredimurs

Leasing Solutions

SNC Taitbout Participation 3

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Société Francaise d’Assurances sur la Vie

Insurance

Société Orbaisienne de Participations

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Stellantis Bank SA

Personal Finance

Tikehau Cardif Loan Europe

Insurance

United Partnership

Personal Finance

Uptevia SA

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Valeur Pierre Épargne

Insurance

Valtitres FCP

Insurance

Velizy Holding

Insurance

Germany

918

Arval Deutschland GmbH

Arval

AssetMetrix

Securities Services

BGL BNPP (Germany branch)

Retail Banking

BNPP 3 Step IT (Germany branch)

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Asset Management Europe (Germany branch) (Ex- BNPP Asset Management France (Germany branch))

Asset Management

BNPP Emissions Und Handels GmbH

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Factor GmbH

Retail Banking

BNPP Lease Group (Germany branch)

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Real Estate Consult GmbH

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate GmbH

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Holding GmbH

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management Germany GmbH

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Property Development & Services GmbH

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Property Management GmbH

Real Estate Services

BNPP SA (Germany branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Assurance Vie (Germany branch)

Insurance

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Germany branch)

Insurance

CFH Berlin GP GmbH

Insurance

Claas Financial Services (Germany branch)

Leasing Solutions

CNH Industrial Capital Europe (Germany branch)

Leasing Solutions

Diversipierre Germany GmbH

Insurance

Financière des Paiements Électroniques (Germany branch)

New Digital Businesses

Horizon Development GmbH

Insurance

ID Cologne A1 GmbH

Insurance

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

ID Cologne A2 GmbH

Insurance

JCB Finance (Germany branch)

Leasing Solutions

MGF (Germany branch)

Leasing Solutions

OC Health Real Estate GmbH

Insurance

PF Services GmbH

Personal Finance

Seniorenzentren Reinbeck Oberursel München Objekt GmbH

Insurance

Seniorenzentrum Butzbach Objekt GmbH

Insurance

Seniorenzentrum Heilbronn Objekt GmbH

Insurance

Seniorenzentrum Kassel Objekt GmbH

Insurance

Seniorenzentrum Wolfratshausen Objekt GmbH

Insurance

Stellantis Bank SA (Germany branch)

Personal Finance

8

Greece
Arval Hellas Car Rental SA

Arval

BNPP SA (Greece branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Hungary
Arval Magyarorszag KFT

Arval

BNPP SA (Hungary branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Ireland
Aries Capital DAC

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BGZ Poland ABS1 DAC

Europe‑Mediterranean

BNPP Fund Administration Services Ireland Ltd

Securities Services

BNPP Ireland Unlimited Co

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Prime Brokerage International Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Real Estate Advisory and Property Management Ireland Ltd

Real Estate Services

BNPP SA (Ireland branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Vartry Reinsurance DAC

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Darnell DAC

Insurance

Greenval Insurance DAC

Arval

Madison Arbor Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Matchpoint Finance PLC

Corporate and Institutional Banking

SME Alternative Financing DAC

Asset Management

Italy
Arval Service Lease Italia SPA

Arval

AutoFlorence 1 SRL

Personal Finance

AutoFlorence 2 SRL

Personal Finance

AutoFlorence 3 SRL

Personal Finance

Banca Agevolarti SPA (Ex- Artigiancassa SPA)

Retail Banking

Banca Nazionale Del Lavoro SPA

Retail Banking

BCC Vita SPA

Insurance

BNL Leasing SPA

Leasing Solutions

BNPP 3 Step IT (Italy branch)

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Asset Management Europe (Italy branch) (Ex- BNPP Asset Management France (Italy branch))

Asset Management

BNPP BNL Equity Investment SPA

Retail Banking

BNPP Cardif Vita Compagnia di Assicurazione E Riassicurazione SPA

Insurance

BNPP Lease Group (Italy branch)

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Lease Group Leasing Solutions SPA

Leasing Solutions

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

8

919

8

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

BNPP Real Estate Advisory Italy SPA

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management Germany GmbH (Italy branch)

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management Italy SPA

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management Luxembourg SA (Italy branch)

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Property Management Italy SRL

Real Estate Services

BNPP Rental Solutions SPA

Leasing Solutions

BNPP SA (Italy branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Assurance Vie (Italy branch)

Insurance

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Italy branch)

Insurance

CFH Algonquin Management Partners France Italia

Insurance

CFH Milan Holdco SRL

Insurance

Claas Financial Services (Italy branch)

Leasing Solutions

CNH Industrial Capital Europe (Italy branch)

Leasing Solutions

Diamante Re SRL

Corporate and Institutional Banking

EMF IT 2008 1 SRL

Retail Banking

Era Uno SRL

Retail Banking

Eutimm SRL

Retail Banking

Financit SPA

Retail Banking

Findomestic Banca SPA

Personal Finance

Florence Real Estate Developments SPA

Personal Finance

Florence SPV SRL

Personal Finance

Fundamenta

Insurance

Horti Milano SRL

Real Estate Services

Immera SRL

Retail Banking

International Factors Italia SPA

Retail Banking

JCB Finance (Italy branch)

Leasing Solutions

MGF (Italy branch)

Leasing Solutions

Permicro SPA

Retail Banking

Servizio Italia SPA

Retail Banking

Sviluppo HQ Tiburtina SRL

Retail Banking

Sviluppo Residenziale Italia SRL

Real Estate Services

Tierre Securitisation SRL

Retail Banking

Vela OBG SRL

Retail Banking

Worldline Merchant Services Italia SPA

Retail Banking

Luxembourg

920

AM Select

Asset Management

Arval Luxembourg SA

Arval

Batipart Participations SAS

Insurance

BGL BNPP

Retail Banking

BNPP Asset Management Luxembourg

Asset Management

BNPP Easy

Asset Management

BNPP Flexi I

Asset Management

BNPP Fortis Funding SA

Retail Banking

BNPP Funds

Asset Management

BNPP Lease Group Luxembourg SA

Retail Banking

BNPP Leasing Solutions

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Real Estate Advisory & Property Management Luxembourg SA

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management Luxembourg SA

Real Estate Services

BNPP SA (Luxembourg branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

BNPP SB Re

Retail Banking

Cardif Lux Vie

Insurance

CFH Alexanderplatz Hotel SARL

Insurance

CFH Berlin Holdco SARL

Insurance

CFH Hostel Berlin SARL

Insurance

CFH Hotel Project SARL

Insurance

Compagnie Financière Ottomane SA

Retail Banking

Ecarat De SA

Personal Finance

Exane Solutions Luxembourg SA

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Greenstars BNPP

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Le Sphinx Assurances Luxembourg SA

Retail Banking

Luxhub SA

Retail Banking

PBD Germany Auto Lease Master SA

Personal Finance

Rubin SARL

Insurance

Schroder European Operating Hotels Fund 1

Insurance

Securasset SA

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Seniorenzentren Deutschland Holding SARL

Insurance

Single Platform Investment Repackaging Entity SA

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Société Immobilière du Royal Building SA

Insurance

Theam Quant

Asset Management

Visalux

Retail Banking

Volantis SARL

Corporate and Institutional Banking

8

Netherlands
Arval BV

Arval

BNPP 3 Step IT (Netherlands branch)

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Asset Management Europe (Netherlands branch) (Ex- BNPP Asset Management France (Netherlands
branch)

Asset Management

BNPP Cardif BV

Insurance

BNPP Factoring Support

Retail Banking

BNPP Islamic Issuance BV

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Issuance BV

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Leasing Solutions NV

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Personal Finance BV

Personal Finance

BNPP Real Estate Advisory Netherlands BV

Real Estate Services

BNPP SA (Netherlands branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Assurance Vie (Netherlands branch)

Insurance

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Netherlands branch)

Insurance

CNH Industrial Capital Europe BV

Leasing Solutions

Dynamic Credit Group BV

Asset Management

Heffiq Heftruck Verhuur BV

Leasing Solutions

Phedina Hypotheken 2010 BV

Personal Finance

Poland
Arval Service Lease Polska SP ZOO

Arval

BNPP Asset Management Europe (Poland branch)

Asset Management

BNPP Bank Polska SA

Europe‑Mediterranean

BNPP Faktoring Spolka ZOO

Europe‑Mediterranean

BNPP Group Service Center SA

Europe‑Mediterranean

BNPP Lease Group SP ZOO

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Leasing Services

Leasing Solutions

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

8

921

8

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

BNPP Real Estate Poland SP ZOO

Real Estate Services

BNPP SA (Poland branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Poland branch)

Insurance

Claas Financial Services (Poland branch)

Leasing Solutions

CNH Industrial Capital Europe (Poland branch)

Leasing Solutions

Portugal
Arval Service Lease Aluger Operational Automoveis SA

Arval

BNPP Factor (Portugal branch)

Retail Banking

BNPP Lease Group (Portugal branch)

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Personal Finance (Portugal branch)

Personal Finance

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management Germany GmbH (Portugal branch)

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Portugal Unipersonal LDA

Real Estate Services

BNPP SA (Portugal branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Assurance Vie (Portugal branch)

Insurance

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Portugal branch)

Insurance

Cardif Support Unipessoal Lda

Insurance

Exeo Aura & Echo Offices Lda

Real Estate Services

Expo Atlantico EAII Investimentos Imobiliarios SA

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Expo Indico EIII Investimentos Imobiliarios SA

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Financière des Paiements Électroniques (Portugal branch)

New Digital Businesses

Services Logiciels d’Intégration Boursière (Portugal branch)

Securities Services

Romania
Arval Service Lease Romania SRL

Arval

BNPP Leasing Solutions IFN SA

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Personal Finance (Romania branch)

Personal Finance

BNPP SA (Romania branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Assurance Vie (Romania branch)

Insurance

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Romania branch)

Insurance

Central Europe Technologies SRL

Personal Finance

Slovakia
Arval Slovakia SRO

Arval

BNPP Personal Finance (Slovakia branch)

Personal Finance

Spain

922

Arval Service Lease SA

Arval

Autonoria Spain 2019

Personal Finance

Autonoria Spain 2021 FT

Personal Finance

Autonoria Spain 2022 FT

Personal Finance

Autonoria Spain 2023 FT

Personal Finance

Banco Cetelem SA

Personal Finance

BNPP 3 Step IT (Spain branch)

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Factor (Spain branch)

Retail Banking

BNPP Lease Group (Spain branch)

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management Germany GmbH (Spain branch)

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management Spain SA

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Spain SA

Real Estate Services

BNPP SA (Spain branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Assurance Vie (Spain branch)

Insurance

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Spain branch)

Insurance

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

Cariboo Development SL

Real Estate Services

Cetelem Gestion AIE

Personal Finance

Cetelem Servicios Informaticos AIE

Personal Finance

Claas Financial Services (Spain branch)

Leasing Solutions

CNH Industrial Capital Europe (Spain branch)

Leasing Solutions

Financière des Paiements Électroniques (Spain branch)

New Digital Businesses

GCC Consumo Establecimiento Financiero de Credito SA

Personal Finance

International Development Resources AS Services SA

Personal Finance

Kantox European Union SL

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Noria Spain 2020 FT

Personal Finance

Ribera Del Loira Arbitrage

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Securitisation funds UCI and RMBS Prado (b)

Personal Finance

Servicios Financieros Carrefour EFC SA

Personal Finance

Union de Creditos Inmobiliarios SA

Personal Finance

Wapiti Development SL

Real Estate Services

XFERA Consumer Finance EFC SA

Personal Finance

8

Sweden
Alfred Berg Kapitalforvaltning AS (Sweden branch)

Asset Management

Arval AB

Arval

BNPP Cardif Livforsakring AB

Insurance

BNPP Leasing Solutions AB

Leasing Solutions

BNPP SA (Sweden branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Forsakring AB

Insurance

Cardif Nordic AB

Insurance

Ekspres Bank AS (Sweden branch)

Personal Finance

2. Other European countries
Guernsey
BNPP SA (Guernsey branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Suisse SA (Guernsey branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Jersey
BNPP SA (Jersey branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Kosovo
TEB SH A

Europe‑Mediterranean

Monaco
Arval Fleet Services (succ. Monaco)

Arval

BNPP SA (Monaco branch)

Retail Banking

Norway
Alfred Berg Kapitalforvaltning AS

Asset Management

Arval AS Norway

Arval

BNPP Cardif Livforsakring AB (Norway branch)

Insurance

BNPP Leasing Solution AS

Leasing Solutions

BNPP SA (Norway branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Forsakring AB (Norway branch)

Insurance

Drypnir AS

Asset Management

Ekspres Bank AS (Norway branch)

Personal Finance

8

Russia
Arval LLC

Arval

BNPP Bank JSC

Corporate and Institutional Banking

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

923

8

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

Switzerland
Arval Schweiz AG

Arval

BNPP Leasing Solutions Suisse SA

Leasing Solutions

BNPP SA (Switzerland branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Suisse SA

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Assurance Vie (Switzerland branch)

Insurance

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Switzerland branch)

Insurance

United Kingdom
Allfunds Group PLC

Securities Services

Arval UK Group Ltd

Arval

Arval UK Leasing Services Ltd

Arval

Arval UK Ltd

Arval

BNP PUK Holding Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP 3 Step IT (United Kingdom branch)

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Asset Management UK Ltd

Asset Management

BNPP Commercial Finance Ltd

Retail Banking

BNPP Fleet Holdings Ltd

Arval

BNPP Lease Group Ltd (Ex- BNPP Lease Group PLC)

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Leasing Solutions Ltd

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Real Estate Advisory & Property Management UK Ltd

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Facilities Management Ltd

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management Ltd

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Investment Management UK Ltd

Real Estate Services

BNPP Real Estate Property Development UK Ltd

Real Estate Services

BNPP SA (United Kingdom branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Trust Corp. UK Ltd

Securities Services

Cardif Insurance Holdings PLC

Insurance

Claas Financial Services Ltd

Leasing Solutions

CNH Industrial Capital Europe Ltd

Leasing Solutions

Creation Consumer Finance Ltd

Personal Finance

Creation Financial Services Ltd

Personal Finance

Fortis Lease UK Ltd

Leasing Solutions

Harewood Helena 1 Ltd

Asset Management

Harewood Helena 2 Ltd

Insurance

Impax Asset Management Group PLC

Asset Management

JCB Finance Holdings Ltd

Leasing Solutions

Kantox Holding Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Kantox Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Manitou Finance Ltd

Leasing Solutions

Parker Tower Ltd

Real Estate Services

Pinnacle Pet Holdings Ltd

Insurance

Pulse UK 2024 PLC

Arval

REPD Parker Ltd

Real Estate Services

Stellantis Financial Services UK Ltd

Personal Finance

Ukraine
Joint Stock Company Ukrsibbank

924

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

Europe‑Mediterranean

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

8

Business

3. Africa & Mediterranean basin
Algeria
BNPP El Djazair

Europe‑Mediterranean

Cardif El Djazair

Insurance

Bahrain
BNPP SA (Bahrain branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Botswana
RCS Botswana Pty Ltd

Personal Finance

Kuwait
BNPP SA (Kuwait branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Morocco
Arval Maroc SA

Arval

Banque Marocaine pour le Commerce et l’Industrie

Europe‑Mediterranean

Banque Marocaine pour le Commerce et l’Industrie Banque Offshore

Europe‑Mediterranean

BDSI

Europe‑Mediterranean

BMCI Leasing

Europe‑Mediterranean

Namibia
RCS Investment Holdings Namibia Pty Ltd

Personal Finance

Qatar
BNPP SA (Qatar branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Saudi Arabia
BNPP Investment Co KSA

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP SA (Saudi Arabia branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

South Africa
BNPP Personal Finance South Africa Ltd

Personal Finance

BNPP SA (South Africa branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

RCS Cards Pty Ltd

Personal Finance

Türkiye
Bantas Nakit AS

Europe‑Mediterranean

BNPP Cardif Emeklilik AS

Insurance

BNPP Cardif Hayat Sigorta AS

Insurance

BNPP Cardif Sigorta AS

Insurance

BNPP Finansal Kiralama AS

Leasing Solutions

BNPP Fortis Yatirimlar Holding AS

Europe‑Mediterranean

BNPP Yatirimlar Holding AS

Europe‑Mediterranean

TEB ARF Teknoloji Anonim Sirketi

Europe‑Mediterranean

TEB Arval Arac Filo Kiralama AS

Arval

TEB Faktoring AS

Europe‑Mediterranean

TEB Finansman AS

Europe‑Mediterranean

TEB Holding AS

Europe‑Mediterranean

TEB Yatirim Menkul Degerler AS

Europe‑Mediterranean

Turk Ekonomi Bankasi AS

Europe‑Mediterranean

8

United Arab Emirates
BNPP Real Estate (United Arab Emirates branch)

Real Estate Services

BNPP SA (United Arab Emirates branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

4. Americas
Argentina
BNPP SA (Argentina branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Bermuda
Decart Re Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Brazil
Arval Brasil Ltda

Arval

Banco BNPP Brasil SA

Corporate and Institutional Banking

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

925

8

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

BNPP Asset Management Brasil Ltda

Asset Management

BNPP EQD Brazil Fund Fundo de Investmento Multimercado

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Proprietario Fundo de Investimento Multimercado

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif do Brasil Seguros e Garantias SA

Insurance

Cardif do Brasil Vida e Previdencia SA

Insurance

Cardif Ltda

Insurance

Cetelem Servicos Ltda

Personal Finance

Luizaseg Seguros SA

Insurance

NCVP Participacoes Societarias SA

Insurance

Canada
BNPP IT Solutions Canada Inc.

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP SA (Canada branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Corporation BNPP Canada (Ex- BNPP Canada Corp.)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Chile
Arval Relsa SPA

Arval

Bancoestado Administradora General de Fondos SA

Asset Management

BNPP Cardif Seguros de Vida SA

Insurance

BNPP Cardif Seguros Generales SA

Insurance

BNPP Cardif Servicios y Asistencia Ltda

Insurance

Comercializadora de Vehiculos SA

Arval

Rentaequipos Leasing SA

Arval

Colombia
Arval Relsa Colombia SAS

Arval

BNPP Colombia Corporacion Financiera SA

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Colombia Seguros Generales SA

Insurance

Cardif Servicios de Colombia SAS

Insurance

Mexico
BNPP Mexico Holding

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Mexico SA Institucion de Banca Multiple

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Mexico Seguros de Vida SA de CV

Insurance

Cardif Mexico Seguros Generales SA de CV

Insurance

Cetelem SA de CV

Personal Finance

Peru
BNPP Cardif Compania de Seguros y Reaseguros SA

Insurance

Rentaequipos Leasing Peru SA

Arval

USA

926

BNPP Asset Management USA Holdings Inc.

Asset Management

BNPP Asset Management USA Inc.

Asset Management

BNPP Capital Services Inc.

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Financial Services LLC

Securities Services

BNPP Fortis (United States branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP RCC Inc.

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP SA (United States branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Securities Corp.

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP US Investments Inc.

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP US Wholesale Holdings Corp.

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP USA Inc.

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP VPG Brookline Cre LLC

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP VPG EDMC Holdings LLC

Corporate and Institutional Banking

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

BNPP VPG Express LLC

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP VPG I LLC

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP VPG II LLC

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP VPG III LLC

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP VPG IV LLC

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP VPG Master LLC

Corporate and Institutional Banking

FSI Holdings Inc.

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Starbird Funding Corp.

Corporate and Institutional Banking

8

5. Asia & Pacific
Australia
BNPP Fund Services Australasia Pty Ltd

Securities Services

BNPP SA (Australia branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

China
Bank of Nanjing

Europe‑Mediterranean

BNPP ABC Wealth Management Co Ltd

Asset Management

BNPP China Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Securities China Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BOB Cardif Life Insurance Co Ltd

Insurance

BON BNPP Consumer Finance Co Ltd

Personal Finance

Cetelem Business Consulting Shanghai Co Ltd

Personal Finance

Genius Auto Finance Co Ltd

Personal Finance

Haitong Fortis Private Equity Fund Management Co Ltd

Asset Management

HFT Investment Management Co Ltd

Asset Management

JFL BNPP Agriculture And Technology Financial Leasing Co Ltd

Leasing Solutions

Securitisation funds Genius (d)

Personal Finance

Securitisation funds Wisdom (e)

Personal Finance

Zhejiang Wisdom Puhua Financial Leasing Co Ltd

Personal Finance

Hong Kong
BNPP Arbitrage Hong Kong Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Asset Management Asia Ltd

Asset Management

BNPP Finance Hong Kong Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP SA (Hong Kong branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Securities Asia Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

India
Baroda BNPP AMC Private Ltd

Asset Management

BNPP India Holding Private Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP India Solutions Private Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP SA (India branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Securities India Private Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Geojit Technologies Private Ltd

Personal Investors

Indonesia
Andalan Multi Guna PT

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Bank BNPP Indonesia PT

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Asset Management PT

Asset Management

BNPP Sekuritas Indonesia PT

Corporate and Institutional Banking

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

8

927

8

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

Locations

Business

Japan
BNPP Asset Management Japan Ltd

Asset Management

BNPP SA (Japan branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Securities Japan Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Life Insurance Japan

Insurance

Cardif Non‑Life Insurance Japan

Insurance

Malaysia
BNPP Malaysia Berhad

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP SA (Malaysia branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

New Zealand
BNPP Fund Services Australasia Pty Ltd (New Zealand branch)

Securities Services

Philippines
BNPP SA (Philippines branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Republic of Korea
BNPP SA (Republic of Korea branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Securities Korea Co Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Life Insurance Co Ltd

Insurance

Singapore
BNPP Real Estate Singapore Pte Ltd

Real Estate Services

BNPP SA (Singapore branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BPP Holdings Pte Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Taiwan
BNPP Asset Management Taiwan Co Ltd

Asset Management

BNPP Cardif TCB Life Insurance Co Ltd

Insurance

BNPP SA (Taiwan branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

BNPP Securities Taiwan Co Ltd

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Cardif Assurance Vie (Taiwan branch)

Insurance

Cardif Assurances Risques Divers (Taiwan branch)

Insurance

Thailand
BNPP SA (Thailand branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

Viet Nam
BNPP SA (Viet Nam branch)

Corporate and Institutional Banking

(a) At 31 December 2024, 13 Private Equity investment entities versus 14 Private Equity investment entities at 31 December 2023.
(b) At 31 December 2024, the securitisation funds UCI and RMBS Prado include 13 funds (FCC UCI 11, 12, 14 to 17, RMBS Prado VII to XI, Green Belem I et RMBS Belem No
2) unchanged from 31 December 2023.
(c) At 31 December 2024, 102 Construction‑sale companies (71 Full and 31 Equity) versus 117 Construction‑sale companies (82 Full and 35 Equity) at 31 December 2023.
(d) At 31 December 2024, the securitisation funds Genius include 8 funds (Generation 2024‑1‑4 Retail Auto Mortgage Loan Securitisation, Generation 2023‑2 to 5 Retail
Auto Mortgage Loan Securitisation) versus 11 funds (Generation 2021‑4 Retail Auto Mortgage Loan Securitisation, Generation 2022‑1 to 5 Retail Auto Mortgage Loan
Securitisation, Generation 2023‑1 to 5 Retail Auto Mortgage Loan Securitisation) at 31 December 2023.
(e) At 31 December 2024, the securitisation funds Wisdom include 10 funds (Wisdom Puhua Leasing 2022‑2 à 3 Asset‑Backed Securities, Wisdom Puhua Leasing 2023‑2
Asset‑Backed Notes, Wisdom Puhua Leasing 2023‑1 & 2 Asset‑Backed Securities, Wisdom Puhua Leasing Xinghe 2023‑1 Asset‑Backed Securities, Wisdom Puhua Leasing
Xinghe 2024‑1 à 4 Asset‑Backed Securities) versus 13 funds (Wisdom Puhua Leasing 2021‑2 & 3 Asset‑Backed Securities, Wisdom Puhua Leasing 2022‑1 Asset‑Backed
Notes, Wisdom Puhua Leasing 2022‑1 to 3 Asset‑Backed Securities, Wisdom Puhua Leasing 2023‑1 & 2 Asset‑Backed Notes, Wisdom Puhua Leasing 2023‑1 & 2
Asset‑Backed securities, Wisdom Puhua Leasing Zhixing 2023‑1 & 2 Asset‑Backed Notes, Wisdom Puhua Leasing Xinghe 2023‑1 Asset‑Backed Securities) at 31
December 2023.

928

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

8

II. DATA BY COUNTRY
The financial data by country correspond to the contribution of fully
consolidated entities under exclusive control to the Group’s
consolidated financial statements established under IFRS standards.
Whereas the current tax is determined based on the tax income,
calculated based on local standards, and which can be different
from the IFRS contribution.

The financial headcount corresponds to Full‑Time Equivalents (FTE)
at 31 December 2024 in fully consolidated entities under exclusive
control.

FY 2024 (in million of EUR)
Revenues

Public subsidies
received Income before Tax

Current tax
expense

Defered tax

Financial headcount
Corporate income
tax as at 31 December 2024

European Union member States
Austria

79

0

21

(3)

(2)

(5)

212

Belgium

4,955

0

1,911

(301)

(223)

(524)

12,386

Bulgaria

27

0

16

(2)

0

(2)

98

Czech Republic

84

0

45

(7)

(7)

(14)

420
275

Denmark

125

0

(5)

(7)

0

(7)

Finland

11

0

3

(1)

0

(1)

46

France

12,855

0

1,741

40

(51)

(11)

54,112

Germany

2,787

0

1,180

(253)

(118)

(371)

5,908

Greece

15

0

3

0

(2)

(2)

86

Hungary

56

0

11

(2)

(1)

(3)

147

Ireland

336

0

189

(29)

1

(28)

531

Italy

5,282

0

1,885

(260)

(392)

(652)

15,380

Luxemburg

1,658

0

828

(198)

18

(180)

3,537

Netherlands

604

0

324

(62)

(31)

(93)

1,128

Poland

2,013

0

783

(177)

17

(160)

9,681

Portugal

183

0

89

(26)

(4)

(30)

9,221

Romania

92

0

53

(9)

(2)

(11)

689

Slovakia

15

0

1

0

(2)

(2)

427

Spain

1,276

0

513

(116)

(37)

(153)

4,996

Sweden

165

0

(1)

(12)

2

(10)

355

Guernsey

14

0

5

0

0

0

31

Jersey

31

0

(1)

0

0

0

250

Other European countries

Kosovo

59

0

29

(3)

0

(3)

618

Monaco

30

0

(37)

(12)

0

(12)

182
180

Norway

66

0

(1)

(2)

1

(1)

Russia

79

0

70

(16)

2

(14)

79

Switzerland

405

0

4

(10)

(3)

(13)

921

332

0

173

(98)

5

(93)

4,237

3,898

0

1,397

(415)

(18)

(433)

7,369

Ukraine
United Kingdom
Africa & Mediterranean basin
Algeria

111

0

51

(19)

2

(17)

1,152

Bahrain

8

0

(54)

0

0

0

252

Botswana

2

0

2

(1)

0

(1)

7

Kuwait

2

0

0

(1)

0

(1)

2

Morocco

372

0

86

(38)

(7)

(45)

2,855

Namibia

1

0

0

0

0

0

10

Qatar

38

0

23

(3)

0

(3)

23

Saudi Arabia

46

0

62

(9)

0

(9)

54

South Africa

153

0

20

(6)

0

(6)

1,301

Turkey
United Arab Emirates

1,052

0

28

(89)

6

(83)

9,031

126

0

69

(15)

(1)

(16)

135

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

8

929

8

GENERAL INFORMATION
Information on locations and businesses in 2024

FY 2024 (in million of EUR)
Revenues

Public subsidies
received Income before Tax

Current tax
expense

Defered tax

Financial headcount
Corporate income
tax as at 31 December 2024

Americas
Argentina

82

0

53

(4)

0

(4)

Bermuda

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Brazil

298

0

38

(26)

12

(14)

1,484

Canada

64

0

56

(14)

(2)

(16)

1,226

Chile

96

0

64

(27)

10

(17)

554

Colombia

72

0

37

(23)

2

(21)

468

Mexico

178

0

94

(18)

(2)

(20)

359

Peru

43

0

30

(2)

(8)

(10)

220

4,646

0

2,062

(325)

(127)

(452)

3,628

United States of America

80

Asia & Pacific
Australia

265

0

95

(34)

(2)

(36)

489

China

200

0

75

(14)

0

(14)

555

Hong Kong

981

0

38

(18)

3

(15)

2,348

India

391

0

284

(116)

(1)

(117)

12,210

Indonesia

61

0

32

(11)

(1)

(12)

159

Japan

702

0

447

(142)

6

(136)

628

Malaysia

42

0

24

(6)

0

(6)

86

New Zealand

21

0

8

(2)

0

(2)

53

0

0

0

0

0

0

9

Republic of Korea

Philippines

115

0

30

20

(32)

(12)

306

Singapore

833

0

329

(64)

5

(59)

1,789

Taiwan

218

0

133

(16)

(5)

(21)

699

Thailand

29

0

9

(2)

0

(2)

82

Viet Nam

51

0

33

(7)

1

(6)

97

48,831

0

15,487

(3,013)

(988)

(4,001)

175,853

GROUP TOTAL

930

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

GENERAL INFORMATION
Founding documents and Articles of Association

8

8.7 Founding documents and Articles of Association
SECTION I

SECTION II

FORM – NAME – REGISTERED OFFICE –
CORPORATE PURPOSE

SHARE CAPITAL - SHARES

Article 1

The share capital of BNP PARIBAS shall stand at 2,261,621,342 euros
divided into 1,130,810,671 fully paid‑up shares with a nominal value
of 2 euros each.

Article 4

BNP PARIBAS is a French Public Limited Company (société anonyme)
licensed to conduct banking operations under the French Monetary
and Financial Code, Book V, Section 1 (Code Monétaire et Financier,
Livre V, Titre 1er) governing banking sector institutions.
The Company was founded pursuant to a decree dated 26 May 1966.
Its legal life was extended to 99 years with effect from 17 September
1993.
Apart from the specific rules relating to its status as an
establishment in the banking sector (Book V, Section 1 of the French
Monetary and Financial Code - Code Monétaire et Financier, Livre V,
Titre 1er), BNP PARIBAS shall be governed by the provisions of the
French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce) concerning
commercial companies, as well as by these Articles of Association.

Article 2
The registered office of BNP PARIBAS shall be located in Paris
(9th arrondissement), at 16, Boulevard des Italiens (France).

Article 3
The purpose of BNP PARIBAS shall be to provide and carry out the
following services with any individual or legal entity, in France and
abroad, subject to compliance with the French laws and regulations
applicable to credit institutions licensed by the Credit Institutions
and Investment Firms Committee (Comité des Etablissements de
Crédit et des Entreprises d’Investissement):
■ any and all investment services,

Article 5
The fully paid‑up shares shall be held in registered or bearer form at
the shareholder’s discretion, subject to the French laws and
regulations in force.
The shares shall be registered in an account in accordance with the
terms and conditions set out in the applicable French laws and
regulations in force. They shall be assigned by transfer from one
account to another.
The Company may request disclosure of information concerning the
ownership of its shares in accordance with the provisions of
article L. 228‑2 of the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce).
Without prejudice to the legal thresholds set in article L. 233‑7,
paragraph 1 of the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce),
any shareholder, whether acting alone or in concert, who comes to
directly or indirectly hold at least 0.5% of the share capital or voting
rights of BNP PARIBAS, or any multiple of that percentage less than
5%, shall be required to notify BNP PARIBAS by registered letter with
return receipt within the timeframe set out in article L. 233‑7 of the
French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce).
Above 5%, the disclosure obligation provided for in the previous
paragraph shall apply to 1% increments of the share capital or
voting rights.
The disclosures described in the previous two paragraphs shall also
apply when the shareholding falls below the above‑mentioned
thresholds.

■ any and all services related to investment services,
■ any and all banking transactions,
■ any and all services related to banking transactions,
■ any and all equity investments,

as defined in the French Monetary and Financial Code Book III
– Section 1 (Code Monétaire et Financier, Livre III, Titre 1er)
governing banking transactions and Section II (Titre II) governing
investment services and related services.
On a regular basis, BNP PARIBAS may also conduct any and all other
activities and any and all transactions in addition to those listed
above, in particular any and all arbitrage, brokerage and commission
transactions, subject to compliance with the regulations applicable
to banks.
In general, BNP PARIBAS may, on its own behalf, and on behalf of
third parties or jointly therewith, perform any and all financial,
commercial, industrial or agricultural, personal property or real
estate transactions directly or indirectly related to the activities set
out above or which further the accomplishment thereof.

Failure to report either legal or statutory thresholds shall result in
the loss of voting rights as provided for by article L. 233‑14 of the
French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce) at the request of one
or more shareholders jointly holding at least 2% of the Company’s
share capital or voting rights.

8

Article 6
Each share shall grant a right to a part of ownership of the
Company’s assets and any liquidation surplus that is equal to the
proportion of share capital that it represents.
In cases where it is necessary to hold several shares in order to
exercise certain rights, and in particular where shares are
exchanged, combined or allocated, or following an increase or
reduction in share capital, regardless of the terms and conditions
thereof, or subsequent to a merger or any other transaction, it shall
be the responsibility of those shareholders owning less than the
number of shares required to exercise those rights to combine their
shares or, if necessary, to purchase or sell the number of shares or
voting rights leading to ownership of the required percentage of
shares.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

931

8

GENERAL INFORMATION
Founding documents and Articles of Association

SECTION III

GOVERNANCE
Article 7
The Company shall be governed by a Board of Directors composed
of:
1. Directors appointed by the Ordinary General Shareholders’
Meeting
There shall be at least nine and no more than eighteen Directors.
Directors representing employees as well as Directors representing
employee shareholders shall not be included when calculating the
minimum and maximum number of Directors.

3. Director representing employee shareholders
Where the report presented by the Board of Directors at the Annual
General Meeting, in accordance with article L. 225‑102 of the French
Commercial Code, establishes that shares held by company
employees or by employees of related companies within the
meaning of article L. 225‑180 of said Code, account for over 3% of the
Company’s share capital, a Director representing the employee
shareholders is appointed by the Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting in
accordance with the procedures set out in current regulations as
well as by these Articles of Association.
Candidates for election to the office of Director representing
employee shareholders are selected on the following basis:
■ when the voting right attached to the shares held by the

employees, and former employees, referred to in
article L. 225‑102 of the French Commercial Code is exercised
by the Supervisory Board, or Boards, of one, or more, mutual
funds (FCPE), the Board, or Boards, of the FCPE or FCPEs, jointly
selects two candidates;

They shall be appointed for a three‑year term.
When a Director is appointed to replace another Director, in
accordance with applicable French laws and regulations in force, the
new Director’s term of office shall be limited to the remainder of the
predecessor’s term.

■ when the voting right attached to the shares, held directly or

Directors may be re‑appointed, subject to the provisions of French
law, in particular with regard to their age.

via an FCPE by the employees, and where applicable, former
employees, as referred to in article L. 225‑102 of the French
Commercial Code, is exercised directly by said employees, they
appoint two candidates, given that each employee shareholder
will have the same number of votes as the number of shares
that they directly, or indirectly, hold. The two employees with
the most votes are appointed as candidates.

Each Director, with the exception of Directors representing
employees and Directors representing employee shareholders, must
own at least 10 Company shares.

Only employee shareholders or employees who are members of the
Supervisory Board of an FCPE holding company shares may be
selected as candidates.

2. Directors elected by BNP PARIBAS SA employees

Each candidate must be presented together with a replacement who
meets the same requirements as the said candidate.

A Director’s term of office shall end at the close of the Ordinary
General Shareholders’ Meeting convened to deliberate on the
financial statements for the previous financial year and held in the
year during which the Director’s term of office expires.

The status of these Directors and the related election procedures
shall be governed by articles L. 225‑27 to L. 225‑34 of the French
Commercial Code (Code de Commerce) as well as by the provisions
of these Articles of Association.
There shall be two such Directors – one representing executive staff
and the other representing non‑executive staff.
They shall be elected by BNP PARIBAS SA employees.
They shall be elected for a three‑year term.
Elections shall be organised by the Executive Management. The
timetable and terms and conditions for elections shall be drawn up
by the Executive Management in consultation with the national
trade union representatives within the Company such that the
second round of elections shall be held no later than fifteen days
before the end of the term of office of the outgoing Directors.
Each candidate shall be elected on a majority basis after two rounds
held in each of the electoral colleges.
Each application submitted during the first round of elections shall
include both the candidate’s name and the name of a substitute, if
any.
Applications may not be amended during the second round of
elections.
The candidates shall belong to the electoral college where they
stand for election.
Applications other than those presented by a trade union
representative within the Company must be submitted together with
a document including the names and signatures of one hundred
electors belonging to the electoral college where the candidate is
running for election.

932

The Board of Directors presents the candidates to the Annual
General Meeting under separate resolutions and, where applicable,
approves the resolution relating to its preferred candidate. The
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders decides, under the
conditions of quorum and majority applicable to the appointment of
any member of the Board of Directors, on the appointment of the
Director representing the employee shareholders. Out of the
candidates referred to above, the one who has received the most
votes from shareholders present, or represented, at the Ordinary
General Meeting of Shareholders, will be appointed as Director
representing employee shareholders.
This Director’s term and the conditions under which the term of
office is exercised are exactly the same as for Directors appointed by
the Annual General Meeting.
Should the Director cease to be an employee, or in the event of a
vacancy arising due to death or resignation of office, the term of
office of the Director representing employee shareholders ends
automatically.
Under these circumstances, the Director representing the employee
shareholders shall be replaced at the next Ordinary Annual General
Meeting.
Should the next Annual General Meeting be held within four months
of the date on which the term of office is expected to end, the
replacement is appointed at the next Annual General Meeting.
The new Director is appointed by the Annual General Meeting for the
remainder of his/her predecessor’s term of office.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

GENERAL INFORMATION
Founding documents and Articles of Association

Should the Director cease to be an employee, or in the event of a
vacancy arising due to death or resignation from office, the
replacement’s term of office automatically ends and new candidates
must be selected as described above. The candidates selected by
this process shall be voted on by shareholders at the next Annual
General Meeting. The new Director is appointed by the Annual
General Meeting as described above. This Director’s term of office
and the conditions under which the directorship is exercised are
identical to those of Directors appointed by the Annual General
Meeting. Should the next Annual General Meeting be held within six
months of the date on which the replacement’s term of office is due
to end, the replacement is appointed at the next Annual General
Meeting.
Under the different circumstances mentioned above, the Board of
Directors may meet and validly deliberate until the date on which
the Director representing the employee shareholders is replaced.
The provisions of the first paragraph of 3/ shall cease to apply when,
at year‑end, the percentage of capital owned by Company employees
and employees of related companies under the aforementioned
article L. 225‑102, accounts for less than 3% of the share capital,
given that the term of office of any Director appointed in accordance
with this article shall end on its expiry date.
Detailed procedures relating to the organisation and holding of the
vote by all the shareholders referred to in the aforementioned
article L. 225‑102, particularly with regard to the timetable for the
selection of candidates, are approved by the Executive Management
directly, or by delegation.

Article 8
The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be appointed from
among the members of the Board of Directors.
Upon proposal from the Chairman, the Board of Directors may
appoint one or more Vice‑Chairmen.

Article 9
The Board of Directors shall meet as often as necessary in the best
interests of the Company. Board meetings shall be convened by the
Chairman. Where requested by at least one‑third of the Directors,
the Chairman may convene a Board meeting with respect to a
specific agenda, even if the last Board meeting was held less than
two months before. The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) may also
request that the Chairman convene a Board meeting to discuss a
specific agenda.
Board meetings shall be held either at the Company’s registered
office, or at any other location specified in the notice of meeting.
Notices of meetings may be communicated by any means, including
verbally.
The Board of Directors may meet and make valid decisions at any
time, even if no notice of meeting has been communicated, provided
all its members are present or represented.

Article 10
Board meetings shall be chaired by the Chairman, by a Director
recommended by the Chairman for such purpose or, failing this, by
the oldest Director present.

8

Any Director may attend a Board meeting and take part in its
deliberations by videoconference (visioconférence) or all
telecommunications and remote transmission means, including
Internet, subject to compliance with the conditions set out in
applicable legislation at the time of its use.
Decisions within the remit of the Board of Directors referred to by
article L. 225‑37 French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce) may
be taken by means of written consultation.
Any Director who is unable to attend a Board meeting may ask to be
represented by a fellow Director, by granting a written proxy, valid
for only one specific meeting of the Board. Each Director may
represent only one other Director.
At least half of the Board members must be present for decisions
taken at Board meetings to be valid.
Should one or both of the offices of Director elected by employees
remain vacant, for whatever reason, without the possibility of a
replacement as provided for in article L. 225‑34 of the French
Commercial Code (Code de Commerce), the Board of Directors shall
be validly composed of the members elected by the General
Shareholders’ Meeting and may validly meet and vote.
Members of the Company’s Executive Management may, at the
request of the Chairman, attend Board meetings in an advisory
capacity.
A permanent member of the Company’s Central Social and Economic
Committee, appointed by said Committee, shall attend Board
meetings in an advisory capacity, subject to compliance with the
provisions of French laws in force.
Decisions shall be made by a majority of Directors present or
represented. In the event of a split decision, the Chairman of the
meeting shall have the casting vote, except as regards the proposed
appointment of the Chairman of the Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors’ deliberations shall be recorded in minutes
entered in a special register prepared in accordance with French
laws in force and signed by the Chairman of the meeting and one of
the Directors who attended the meeting.
The Chairman of the meeting shall appoint the Secretary to the
Board, who may be chosen from outside the Board’s members.
Copies or excerpts of Board minutes may be signed by the Chairman,
the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officers (COOs) or any
representative specifically authorised for such purpose.

Article 11
The Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting may grant Directors’
remuneration under the conditions provided for by French law.
The Board of Directors shall split these fees among its members.

8

The Board of Directors may grant exceptional compensation for
specific assignments or duties performed by the Directors under the
conditions applicable to agreements subject to approval, in
accordance with the provisions of articles L. 225‑38 to L. 225‑43 of
the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce). The Board may
also authorise the reimbursement of travel and business expenses
and any other expenses incurred by the Directors in the interests of
the Company.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

933

8

GENERAL INFORMATION
Founding documents and Articles of Association

SECTION IV

DUTIES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, THE
CHAIRMAN, THE EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT
AND THE NON‑VOTING DIRECTORS (CENSEURS)
Article 12
The Board of Directors shall determine the business strategy of
BNP PARIBAS and supervise the implementation thereof. Subject to
the powers expressly conferred on the Shareholders’ Meetings and
within the limit of the corporate purpose, the Board shall handle any
issue concerning the smooth running of BNP PARIBAS and settle
matters concerning the Company pursuant to its deliberations. The
Board of Directors shall receive from the Chairman or the Chief
Executive Officer all of the documents and information required to
fulfil its duties.
The Board of Directors’ decisions shall be carried out either by the
Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Operating Officers,
or by any special representative appointed by the Board.
Upon proposal from the Chairman, the Board of Directors may decide to
set up committees responsible for performing specific tasks.

Article 13
The Chairman shall organise and manage the work of the Board of
Directors and report thereon to the General Shareholders’ Meeting.
The Chairman shall also oversee the smooth running of
BNP PARIBAS’s management bodies and ensure, in particular, that
the Directors are in a position to fulfil their duties.

Article 15
The Chief Executive Officer shall be vested with the broadest powers
to act in all circumstances in the name of BNP PARIBAS. He shall
exercise these powers within the limit of the corporate purpose and
subject to those powers expressly granted by French law to
Shareholders’ Meetings and the Board of Directors.
He shall represent BNP PARIBAS in its dealings with third parties.
BNP PARIBAS shall be bound by the actions of the Chief Executive
Officer even if such actions are outside the scope of the corporate
purpose, unless BNP PARIBAS can prove that the third party knew
that the relevant action was outside the scope of the corporate
purpose or had constructive knowledge thereof in view of the
circumstances. The publication of the Company’s Articles of
Association alone shall not constitute such proof.
The Chief Executive Officer shall be responsible for the organisation
and procedures of internal control and for all information required
by French law regarding the internal control report.
The Board of Directors may limit the powers of the Chief Executive
Officer, but such limits shall not be binding as against third parties.
The Chief Executive Officer may delegate partial powers, on a
temporary or permanent basis, to as many persons as he sees fit,
with or without the option of redelegation.

The remuneration of the Chairman of the Board shall be freely
determined by the Board of Directors.

The remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer shall be freely
determined by the Board of Directors.

Article 14

The Chief Executive Officer may be removed from office by the Board
of Directors at any time. Damages may be payable to the Chief
Executive Officer if he is removed from office without a valid reason,
except where the Chief Executive Officer is also the Chairman of the
Board of Directors.

The Board of Directors shall decide how to organise the Executive
Management of the Company: the Executive Management of the
Company shall be conducted, under his responsibility, either by the
Chairman of the Board of Directors or by another individual
appointed by the Board of Directors and who shall have the title of
Chief Executive Officer.
Shareholders and third parties shall be informed of this choice in
accordance with the regulatory provisions in force.
The Board of Directors shall have the right to decide that this choice
be for a fixed term.
Once the Board of Directors has decided to dissociate the functions
of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman shall be
deemed to have automatically resigned at the close of the General
Shareholders’ Meeting held to approve the financial statements for
the year in which he reaches seventy‑five years of age. However, the
Board may decide to extend the term of office of the Chairman of the
Board until the close of the General Shareholders’ Meeting held to
approve the financial statements for the year in which he reaches
seventy‑six years of age. The Chief Executive Officer shall be deemed
to have automatically resigned at the close of the General
Shareholders’ Meeting held to approve the financial statements for
the year in which he reaches sixty‑five years of age. However, the
Board may decide to extend the term of office of the Chief Executive
Officer until the close of the General Shareholders’ Meeting held to
approve the financial statements for the year in which he reaches
sixty‑six years of age.
In the event that the Board of Directors decides that the Executive
Management shall be conducted by the Chairman of the Board, the
provisions of these Articles of Association concerning the Chief

934

Executive Officer shall apply to the Chairman of the Board of
Directors who will in such case have the title of Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer. He shall be deemed to have automatically resigned
at the close of the General Shareholders’ Meeting held to approve
the financial statements for the year in which he reaches sixty‑five
years of age.

In the event that the Chief Executive Officer is a Director, the term of
his office as Chief Executive Officer shall not exceed that of his term
of office as a Director.

Article 16
Upon proposal from the Chief Executive Officer, the Board of
Directors may, within the limits of French law, appoint one or more
individuals, who shall have the title of Chief Operating Officer,
responsible for assisting the Chief Executive Officer.
In agreement with the Chief Executive Officer, the Board of Directors
shall determine the scope and term of the powers granted to the
Chief Operating Officers. However, as far as third parties are
concerned, the Chief Operating Officers shall have the same powers
as the Chief Executive Officer.
When the Chief Executive Officer ceases to perform his duties or is
prevented from doing so, the Chief Operating Officers shall, unless
the Board of Directors decides otherwise, retain their functions and
responsibilities until a new Chief Executive Officer is appointed.
The remuneration of the Chief Operating Officers shall be freely
determined by the Board of Directors, at the proposal of the Chief
Executive Officer.
The Chief Operating Officers may be removed from office by the
Board of Directors at any time, at the proposal of the Chief Executive
Officer. Damages may be payable to the Chief Operating Officers if
they are removed from office without a valid reason.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

GENERAL INFORMATION
Founding documents and Articles of Association

Where a Chief Operating Officer is a Director, the term of his office as Chief
Operating Officer may not exceed that of his term of office as a Director.
The term of office of the Chief Operating Officers shall expire at the latest
at the close of the General Shareholders’ Meeting convened to approve
the financial statements for the year in which the Chief Operating Officers
reach sixty‑five years of age. However, the Board may decide to extend the
term of office of the Chief Operating Officers until the close of the General
Shareholders’ Meeting held to approve the financial statements for the
year in which they reach sixty‑six years of age.

Article 17
Upon proposal from the Chairman, the Board of Directors may
appoint one or two non‑voting Directors (censeurs).
Non‑voting Directors shall be convened to and take part in Board
meetings in an advisory capacity.
They shall be appointed for six years and may be reappointed for
further terms. They may also be removed at any time under similar
conditions.
They shall be selected from among the Company’s shareholders and
may receive a remuneration determined by the Board of Directors.

8

communicated in the notice of meeting published in the French Bulletin
of Compulsory Legal Announcements (Bulletin des Annonces Légales
Obligatoires – BALO).
Any shareholder may also, if the Board of Directors so decides at the time
of convening the General Shareholders’ Meeting, take part in the vote by
videoconference (visioconférence) or all telecommunications and remote
transmission means, including Internet, subject to compliance with the
conditions set out in the applicable laws at the time of its use. If an
electronic voting form is used, the shareholder’s signature may be in the
form of a secured digital signature or a reliable identification process
safeguarding the link with the document to which it is attached and may
consist, in particular, of a user identifier and a password. Where
applicable, this decision shall be communicated in the notice of meeting
published in the French Bulletin of Compulsory Legal Announcements
(Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires – BALO).

SECTION VI

STATUTORY AUDITORS
Article 19

SECTION V

At least two principal auditors shall be appointed by the General
Shareholders’ Meeting for a term of six financial years. Their term of
office shall expire after approval of the financial statements for the
sixth financial year.

SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGS
Article 18
General Shareholders’ Meetings shall be composed of all shareholders.

SECTION VII

General Shareholders’ Meetings shall be convened and deliberate
subject to compliance with the provisions of the French Commercial
Code (Code de Commerce).

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

As an exception to the last paragraph of article L. 225‑123 of the
French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce), each share carries
one voting right, and no double voting rights are conferred.
They shall be held either at the registered office or at any other
location specified in the notice of meeting.
They shall be chaired by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or,
in his absence, by a Director appointed for this purpose by the
Shareholders’ Meeting.
Any shareholder may, subject to providing proof of identity, attend a
General Shareholders’ Meeting, either in person, or by returning a
postal vote or by designating a proxy.
Taking part in the meeting is subject to the shares having been
entered either in the BNP PARIBAS’ registered share accounts in the
name of the shareholder, or in the bearer share accounts held by the
authorised intermediary, within the timeframes and under the
conditions provided for by the French regulations in force. In the
case of bearer shares, the authorised intermediary shall provide a
certificate of participation for the shareholders concerned.
The deadline for returning postal votes shall be determined by the
Board of Directors and stated in the notice of meeting published in
the French Bulletin of Compulsory Legal Announcements (Bulletin
des Annonces Légales Obligatoires – BALO).
At all General Shareholders’ Meetings, the voting right attached to the
shares bearing beneficial rights shall be exercised by the beneficial owner.
If the Board of Directors so decides at the time that the General
Shareholders’ Meeting is convened, the public broadcasting of the entire
General Shareholders’ Meeting by videoconference (visioconférence) or
all telecommunications and remote transmission means, including
Internet, shall be authorised. Where applicable, this decision shall be

Article 20
The Company’s financial year shall start on 1st January and end on
31st December.
At the end of each financial year, the Board of Directors shall draw up
annual financial statements and write a management report on the
Company’s financial position and its business activities during the
previous year.

Article 21
Net income for the year is composed of income for the year minus
costs, depreciation, amortizations and impairment.
The distributable profit is made up of the year’s profit, minus
previous losses as well as the sums to be allocated to the reserves in
accordance with French law, plus the profit carried forward.

8

The General Shareholders’ Meeting is entitled to levy all sums from
the distributable profit to allocate them to all optional, ordinary or
extraordinary reserves or to carry them forward.
The General Shareholders’ Meeting may also decide to distribute
sums levied from the reserves at its disposal.
However, except in the event of a capital reduction, no amounts may
be distributed to the shareholders if the shareholders’ equity is, or
would become following such distribution, lower than the amount of
capital plus the reserves that are not open to distribution pursuant
to French law or these Articles of Association.
In accordance with the provisions of article L. 232‑18 of the French
Commercial Code (Code de Commerce), a General Shareholders’
Meeting may offer to the shareholders an option for the payment, in
whole or in part, of dividends or interim dividends through the
issuance of new shares in the Company.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

935

8

GENERAL INFORMATION
Statutory auditors’ report on related party agreements

SECTION VIII

SECTION IX

DISSOLUTION

DISPUTES

Article 22

Article 23

Should BNP PARIBAS be dissolved, the shareholders shall determine
the form of liquidation, appoint the liquidators at the proposal of the
Board of Directors and, in general, take on all of the duties of the
General Shareholders’ Meeting of a French Public Limited Company
(société anonyme) during the liquidation and until such time as it
has been completed.

Any and all disputes that may arise during the life of BNP PARIBAS or
during its liquidation, either between the shareholders themselves or
between the shareholders and BNP PARIBAS, pursuant to these
Articles of Association, shall be ruled on in accordance with French
law and submitted to the courts having jurisdiction.

8.8 Statutory auditors’ report on related party
agreements
Annual General Meeting held to approve the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024
This is a translation into English of a report issued in French and it is provided solely for the convenience of English‑speaking users.
This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and professional auditing standards applicable in
France.
To the Annual General Meeting of BNP Paribas,
In our capacity as statutory auditors of your Company, we hereby present to you our report on related party agreements.
We are required to inform you, on the basis of the information provided to us, of the terms and conditions of those agreements indicated to us,
or that we may have identified in the performance of our engagement, as well as the reasons justifying why they benefit the Company. We are
not required to give our opinion as to whether they are beneficial or appropriate or to ascertain the existence of other agreements. It is your
responsibility, in accordance with Article R. 225‑31 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), to assess the relevance of these
agreements prior to their approval.
We are also required, where applicable, to inform you in accordance with Article R. 225‑31 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)
of the continuation of the implementation, during the year ended December 31, 2024, of the agreements previously approved by the annual
general meeting.
We performed those procedures which we deemed necessary in compliance with the professional guidance issued by the French Institute of
Statutory Auditors (Compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes) relating to this type of engagement. These procedures consisted in
verifying the consistency of the information provided to us with the relevant source documents.

AGREEMENTS SUBMITTED FOR APPROVAL TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
We hereby inform you that we have not been notified of any agreements authorized and concluded during the year ended December 31, 2024 to
be submitted to the annual general meeting for approval in accordance with Article L. 225‑38 of the French Commercial Code (Code de
commerce).

AGREEMENTS PREVIOUSLY APPROVED BY THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
In accordance with Article R. 225‑30 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), we have been notified that the implementation of the
following agreements, which were approved by the annual general meeting in prior years, continued during the year ended December 31, 2024.

936

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

GENERAL INFORMATION
Statutory auditors’ report on related party agreements

8

With M. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé, Director and Chief Executive Officer of your Company
Non‑compete agreement

Nature, purpose and conditions
At its meeting on February 25, 2016, your Board of Directors authorized the conclusion of a non‑compete agreement between your Company and
M. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé.
Under this agreement, in the event that M. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé ceases to hold a position with your Company or carry out any work for its
benefit, he undertakes not to exercise, directly or indirectly, any professional activity for a period of twelve months for the benefit of a banking,
investment or insurance firm whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market in France or abroad, or for the benefit of a banking,
investment or insurance firm in France whose securities are not admitted to trading on a regulated market. As consideration for this agreement,
M. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé will receive an indemnity equal to 1.2 times the total of the fixed and variable remuneration (excluding multi‑annual
variable remuneration) he received during the year preceding his departure. One‑twelfth of the indemnity would be paid each month.
This agreement was concluded in order to protect the interests of your Company, its employees and its shareholders in the event of
M. Jean‑Laurent Bonnafé’s departure.
Paris‑La Défense, March 20, 2025
The Statutory Auditors
French original signed by
DELOITTE & ASSOCIES

ERNST & YOUNG et Autres

Damien Leurent

Olivier Drion

Jean‑Vincent Coustel

8

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

937

8

GENERAL INFORMATION
Person responsible for auditing the financial statements

8.9 Person responsible for auditing the financial
statements
STATUTORY AUDITORS
Deloitte & Associés

Ernst & Young et Autres

6, place de la Pyramide
92908 Paris‑La Défense Cedex

Tour First - TSA 14 444
92037 Paris‑La Défense Cedex

■ Deloitte & Associés was re‑appointed as Statutory Auditor at the Annual General Meeting of 14 May 2024 for a six‑year period expiring at

the close of the Annual General Meeting called in 2030 to approve the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2029. It
was first appointed at the Annual General Meeting of 23 May 2006.
Deloitte & Associés is represented by Damien Leurent and Jean‑Vincent Coustel.
■ Ernst & Young et Autres was appointed as Statutory Auditor at the Annual General Meeting of 14 May 2024 for a six‑year period expiring

at the close of the Annual General Meeting called in 2030 to approve the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2029.
Ernst & Young et Autres is represented by Olivier Drion.
Deloitte & Associés and Ernst & Young et Autres are registered as Statutory Auditors with the Versailles and Centre Regional Association of
Statutory Auditors and placed under the “Haute autorité de l’audit”.

938

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

GENERAL INFORMATION
Person responsible for the Universal registration document

8

8.10 Person responsible for the Universal
registration document
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
AND THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Mr. Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ, Chief Executive Officer of BNP Paribas.

STATEMENT BY THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE
I hereby declare that, to the best of my knowledge, the information contained in the Universal registration document is in accordance with the
facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.
I further declare that, to the best of my knowledge, the financial statements and consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance
with applicable accounting standards and give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position, and profit or loss of the Company
and all the entities included in the consolidation, and that the information provided in the management report (the contents of which are set
out in the concordance table attached in chapter 9 of the annual financial report) includes a fair review of the development and performance of
the business, profit or loss and financial position of the Company and all the entities included in the consolidation, and that it describes the
principal risks and uncertainties that they face and it is prepared in accordance with applicable sustainability standards.
Paris, 20 March 2025
Chief Executive Officer
Jean‑Laurent BONNAFÉ

8

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

939

8

940

GENERAL INFORMATION

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

9

TABLES OF CONCORDANCE

Universal registration document

942

Annual financial report (including the Management Report and the Report on
Corporate governance)

945

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

941

9

TABLES OF CONCORDANCE
Universal registration document

Universal registration document
In order to assist readers of the Universal registration document, the following table of concordance cross‑references the main headings
required by the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (Annex I), supplementing European Regulation 2017/1129 known as “Prospectus 3” and
refers to the pages of this Universal registration document on which information relating to each of the headings is mentioned.
Headings as listed by Annex I of Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980

942

Page

1.

PERSONS RESPONSIBLE

1.1.

Person responsible for the Universal registration document

939

1.2.

Statement of the person responsible for the Universal registration document

939

1.3.

Statement or report attributed to a person as an expert

1.4.

Information from a third party

1.5.

Approval from a competent authority

2.

STATUTORY AUDITORS

3.

RISK FACTORS

4.

INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER

5.

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

5.1.

Principal activities

8‑19 ; 231‑235 ; 912‑930

5.2.

Principal markets

8‑19 ; 231‑235 ; 912‑930

5.3.

History and development of the issuer

5.4.

Strategy and objectives

5.5.

Possible dependency

5.6.

Basis for any statements made by the issuer regarding its competitive position

5.7.

Investments

6.

ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE

6.1

Brief description

6.2.

List of significant subsidiaries

7.

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

7.1.

Financial condition

7.2.

Operating results

8.

CAPITAL RESOURCES

8.1.

Issuer’s capital resources

8.2.

Sources and amounts of cash flows

8.3.

Borrowing requirements and funding structure

8.4.

Information regarding any restrictions on the use of capital resources that have materially affected, or
could materially affect, the issuer’s operations

1
938
340‑354
4‑7

6‑7
168‑169
910
8‑19 ; 142‑153
295‑297 ; 674 ; 911
4 ; 689
303‑320 ; 666‑672 ; 912‑928
170 ; 190‑195 ; 636‑637
142‑153 ; 160‑161 ; 174‑185 ; 190 ;
232 ; 636
194‑195 ; 336‑337 ; 663
193
170 ; 534‑551
N/A

8.5.

Anticipated sources of funds

N/A

9.

REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT

333 ; 356

10.

TREND INFORMATION

168‑169 ; 911

10.1. Main recent trends

168‑169 ; 911

10.2. Trends likely to have a material impact on the issuer’s outlook

168‑169 ; 911

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

TABLES OF CONCORDANCE
Universal registration document

Headings as listed by Annex I of Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980
11.

Page

PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES

11.1. Published earnings forecasts and estimates

N/A

11.2. Statement on the main forecast assumptions

N/A

11.3. Statement on the comparability of information

N/A

12.

ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES, AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

12.1

Administrative and management bodies

12.2

Administrative and management bodies’ conflicts of interest

13.

REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS

33‑51 ; 79‑85 ; 95 ; 115 ; 122
56‑58 ; 73‑74 ; 81‑82

13.1. Amount of remuneration paid and benefits in kind granted

87‑115 ; 281‑288 ; 299

Total amounts set aside or accrued by the issuer or its subsidiaries to provide pension, retirement or similar
13.2. benefits

87‑115 ; 281‑288 ; 299

14.

BOARD PRACTICES

14.1. Date of expiry of the current terms of office

35‑51

14.2. Information about members of the administrative bodies’ service contracts with the issuer
14.3. Information about the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee
14.4. Corporate governance regime in force in the issuer’s country of incorporation
14.5. Potential material impacts on the Corporate governance
15.

9

N/A
68‑69 ;75‑77
52‑69
49 ; 79‑85

EMPLOYEES

15.1. Number of employees

4 ; 661 ; 690 ; 737 ; 752‑756

15.2. Shareholdings and stock options

22‑29 ; 87‑115 ; 216‑217

15.3. Description of any arrangements for involving the employees in the capital of the issuer
16.

MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS

16.1. Shareholders owning more than 5% of the issuer’s capital or voting rights

20‑21

16.2. Existence of different voting rights

20

16.3. Control of the issuer

20‑21

Description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent date
16.4. result in a change of control of the issuer
17.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

18.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION, AND
PROFITS AND LOSSES

18.1. Historical financial information

21
86‑115 ; 229 ; 300‑302 ; 936‑937

5 ; 24 ; 142‑322 ; 635‑674

18.2. Interim and other financial information
18.3. Auditing of historical annual financial information

N/A
323‑329 ; 675‑680

18.4. Pro forma financial information
18.5. Dividend policy
18.6. Legal and arbitration proceedings

N/A
25 ; 27‑28 ; 144 ; 665
294‑295

18.7. Significant change in the issuer’s financial or trading position
19.

911

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

19.1. Share capital
19.2. Memorandum and Articles of association

20 ; 289‑290 ; 659‑660; 931 ; 948
931‑936

20.

MATERIAL CONTRACTS

910

21.

DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE

910

9

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

943

9

TABLES OF CONCORDANCE
Universal registration document

Headings as listed by Annex I of European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980
Pursuant to Annex I of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, the
following items are incorporated by reference:

■ the annual financial statements for the year ended 31

■ the annual financial statements for the year ended 31

December 2023 and the associated Statutory Auditors’ report,
the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
31 December 2023 and the associated Statutory Auditors’
report, the management report (the contents of which are set
out in the concordance table attached in chapter 9 of the
annual financial report) of Registration Document No. 24‑0158
filed with the AMF on 22 March 2024. The information is
available via the following link:
https://invest.bnpparibas/en/document/universal‑registrationdocument‑2023;
■ the annual financial statements for the year ended 31

December 2022 and the associated Statutory Auditors’ report,
the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
31 December 2022 and the associated Statutory Auditors’
report, the management report (the contents of which are set
out in the concordance table attached in chapter 9 of the
annual financial report) of Registration Document No. 23‑0143
filed with the AMF on 24 March 2023. The information is
available via the following link:
https://invest.bnpparibas/en/document/universal‑registrationdocument‑2022;

944

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

December 2021 and the associated Statutory Auditors’ report,
the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
31 December 2021 and the associated Statutory Auditors’
report, the management report (the contents of which are set
out in the concordance table attached in chapter 9 of the
annual financial report)of Registration Document No. D.22‑0156
filed with the AMF on 25 March 2022. The information is
available via the following link:
https://invest.bnpparibas/en/document/universal‑registrationdocument‑and‑annual‑financial‑report‑2021;

TABLES OF CONCORDANCE
Annual financial report (including the Management Report and the Report on Corporate governance)

9

Annual financial report (including the Management
Report and the Report on Corporate governance)
In order to assist readers of the annual financial report, the following table cross‑references the information required by article L.451‑1‑2 of the
French Monetary and Financial Code.

Annual financial report

Page

Statement by the person responsible for the Universal registration document

939

The concordance table below makes it possible to identify in this Universal registration document the information that constitutes the
management report of the Company (including the report on Corporate Governance) and the consolidated management report, as required by
legal and regulatory provisions.

I. Company and Group Business and Situation (1)
Information (reference texts)

Page

■ Company and Group position over the past year (L.232‑1 II and L.233‑26 of the French Commercial Code)
■ Objective and comprehensive analysis of business performance, results and position of the Company and Group

(L.232‑1 II and L.233‑26 of the French Commercial Code)

4‑5; 142‑161; 168‑170;
190‑322; 636‑674
142‑161; 168‑170; 190‑322;
636‑674

■ Key financial performance indicators for the Company and Group (L.232‑1 II and L.233‑26 of the French

Commercial Code)

142‑161; 168‑185

■ Foreseeable developments of the Company and Group (L.232‑1 II and L.233‑26 of the French Commercial Code)

168‑169

■ Key events occurring between the financial year‑end and the preparation date of the management report

(L.232‑1 II and L.233‑26 of the French Commercial Code)

911

■ Company and Group research and development activities (2) (L.232‑1 II and L.233‑26 of the French Commercial

Code)

N/A

■ Equity investments in, or takeovers of, companies that have their head office in France

(L.233‑6 and L.247‑1 I of the French Commercial Code)

674

■ Business and results for the Company as a whole, Company subsidiaries and companies it controls by branch of

activity (L.233‑6 and L.247‑1 I of the French Commercial Code)

8‑19; 142‑161

■ Existing branches of the Company and of Group companies (L.232‑1 II and L.233‑26 of the French Commercial

Code)

912‑930

■ Information on Company locations and businesses (L.511‑45 and R.511‑16‑4 of the French Monetary

and Financial Code)

303‑320; 912‑930

9

(1) Information on events after the Board of directors’ meeting of 3 February 2025 is not included in the management report.
(2) Some of the corresponding activities and investments fall within the scope of the research tax credit base accounted in the section entitled “corporate income tax”.

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

945

9

TABLES OF CONCORDANCE
Annual financial report (including the Management Report and the Report on Corporate governance)

II. Risk factors and characteristics of internal control procedures
Information (reference texts)

Page

■ Description of the main risks and contingencies faced by the Company and Group

(L.232‑1 II and L.233‑26 of the French Commercial Code)

340‑359

■ Objectives and policy for hedging each main transaction category by the Company and Group

(L.232‑1 II and L.233‑26 of the French Commercial Code)

528‑532

■ Exposure to price, credit, liquidity and cash flow risks of the Company and Group

(L.232‑1 II and L.233‑26 of the French Commercial Code)

398‑551

III. Information on share capital
Information (reference texts)

Page

■ Name of individuals or legal entities holding directly or indirectly more than 5% of the share capital or voting

rights and changes arising during the year (L.233‑13 of the French Commercial Code)

20‑21

■ Name of companies controlled and share of the Company’s share capital held by them

(L.233‑13 of the French Commercial Code)

■ Employee share ownership status (L.225‑102 of the French Commercial Code)

303‑320
20‑21

■ Share disposals made to regularise cross‑shareholdings (L.233‑29 and R.233‑19 of the French Commercial

Code)

N/A

■ Information on share buyback transactions undertaken by the Company

(L.225‑211 of the French Commercial Code)

116‑120; 289; 652

■ Any adjustments made to securities giving access to share capital (L.225‑181, L.228‑99, R.225‑137, R.228‑91

of the French Commercial Code)

N/A

■ Summary of transactions carried out by corporate officers, executives, certain company managers and persons

with close connections to them during the past year and which have been the subject of a declaration
(223‑26 of the AMF General Regulation, L.621‑18‑2 and R.621‑43‑1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code)

115

IV. Other accounting, financial and legal information
Information (reference texts)

Page

■ Information on payment terms (L.441‑14 and D.441‑6 of the French Commercial Code)

654

■ Expenses and charges referred to in Article 39.4 of the French General Tax Code (223 quater of the French

General Tax Code)

674

■ Amount of dividends distributed for the prior three years and revenue distributed eligible for the 40% tax

reduction (243 bis of the French General Tax Code)

■ Injunctions or fines for anti‑competitive practices (L.464‑2 of the French Commercial Code)

24; 27‑28
904‑905

■ Information on financial instruments with an agricultural commodity as their underlying and measures taken

by the Company to prevent this having a significant impact on agricultural commodity prices
(L.511‑4‑2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code)

N/A

■ Amount and features of loans financed or distributed by the Company or distributed as defined in III of

Article 80 of the Planning Act for Social Cohesion Law No. 2005‑32 of 18 January 2005 and hence covered by
public guarantees (L.511‑4‑1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code)

■ Return on Company assets (R.511‑16‑1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code)

946

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

N/A
393

TABLES OF CONCORDANCE
Annual financial report (including the Management Report and the Report on Corporate governance)

9

V. Sustainability information and vigilance plan
Information (reference texts)

Page

■ Sustainability information of the Group (L.233‑28‑4, L.232‑6‑3 and R.232‑8‑4 of the French Commercial Code as

transposed into French law in accordance with the publication requirements of the European Directive
2022/2464 of 14 December 2022 amending Regulation (EU) 537/2014 and Directives 2004/109/EC, 2006/43/EC
and 2013/34/EU)

682‑873

■ Essential intangible resources (L.232‑1 II and L.233‑26 of the French Commercial Code)

N/A

■ Information on actions to promote the link between the Nation and the armed forces (L.22‑10‑35 of the French

Commercial Code)

750

■ Information on the impact of the Company and the Group’s activities on the fight against tax evasion

(L.22‑10‑35 of the French Commercial Code)

777

■ Information for companies operating at least one facility listed under article L.515‑36 of the French

Environmental Code (L.232‑1‑1 of the French Commercial Code)

N/A

■ Information required under article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 entitled “Taxonomy Regulation”
■ Vigilance plan (L.225‑102‑1 of the French Commercial Code)

732‑736; 800‑873
878‑898

VI. Report on Corporate Governance
Information (reference texts)

Page

■ Information on the remuneration policy for directors and corporate officers (L.22‑10‑8 of the French

Commercial Code)

87‑94

■ Information on the remuneration and benefits in kind of the directors and corporate officers

(L.22‑10‑9 Of the French Commercial Code)

95‑108

■ Holding conditions for free shares allocated to corporate officers (L.225‑197‑1 of the French Commercial Code)

N/A

■ Conditions for exercising and holding options granted to directors and corporate officers

(L.225‑185 of the French Commercial Code)

N/A

■ List of all directorships and positions held in any company by each director and corporate officer during the

year (L.22‑10‑10 and L.225‑37‑4 1° of the French Commercial Code)

35‑50

■ Agreements entered into by one of the Company’s directors or corporate officers and a subsidiary of the

Company (L.22‑10‑10 and L.225‑37‑4 2° of the French Commercial Code)

■ Summary table of capital increase delegations (L.22‑10‑10 and L.225‑37‑4 3° of the French Commercial Code)

52
116‑120

■ Arrangements for exercising General Management (L.22‑10‑10 and L.225‑37‑4 4° of the French Commercial

Code)

54‑55

■ Composition, and conditions governing the preparation and organisation of the work, of the Board of directors

(L.22‑10‑10 1° of the French Commercial Code)

35‑49; 53‑54, 61‑69

■ Description of the diversity policy applied to the members of the Board of directors, as well as the objectives,

how the policy was implemented and results obtained during the past financial year (L.22‑10‑10 2° of the
French Commercial Code)

55‑59; 79‑85

■ Information on the way to ensure balanced representation of men and women in Management bodies and

gender balance results

60; 749‑750; 757‑758; 884

■ Any limits to the powers of the Chief Executive Officer imposed by the Board of directors

(L.22‑10‑10 3° of the French Commercial Code)

55

■ Corporate Governance Code prepared by corporate representative organisations to which the Company refers

(L.22‑10‑10 4° of the French Commercial Code)

52

■ Arrangements for shareholder participation at the General Shareholders’ Meeting (L.22‑10‑10 5° of the French

Commercial Code)

28‑32

■ Description of the procedure relating to current agreements concluded under normal conditions put in place by

the Company and its implementation (L.22‑10‑10 6° and L.22‑10‑12 of the French Commercial Code)

9

86

■ Main characteristics of the internal control and risk management systems of the Company and the Group as

part of the process of preparing financial information (L.22‑10‑10 7° of the French Commercial Code)

123‑139

■ Items that could have an impact in case of a public tender offer (L.22‑10‑11° of the French Commercial Code)

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

120

947

9

TABLES OF CONCORDANCE
Annual financial report (including the Management Report and the Report on Corporate governance)

Annexes

Page

■ Table summarising Company results over the last 5 years (R.225‑102 of the French Commercial Code)

673

■ Statutory Auditors’ report on the certification of sustainability information (L.233‑28‑4 III of the French

Commercial Code) and on the verification of the disclosure requirements of the information provided for in
article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852

874‑877

■ Statutory Auditors’ report on the Board of directors’ report on Corporate Governance (L.22‑10‑71 of the French

948

Commercial Code)

121

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page

■ Financial statements

636‑674

■ Statutory Auditors’ report on the parent company financial statements

675‑680

■ Consolidated financial statements

190‑322

■ Statutory Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements

323‑329

2024 Universal registration document and annual financial report - BNP PARIBAS

This document is printed in France by an Imprim’Vert certified printer on PEFC certified paper produced from sustainably managed forest.

HEAD OFFICE
16 boulevard des Italiens - 75009 Paris (France)
Tel: +33 (0)1 40 14 45 46
Paris Trade and Company Register - RCS Paris 662 042 449
Société Anonyme (Public Limited Company)
with capital of EUR 2,261,621,342
SHAREHOLDERS’ RELATIONS
Tél : +33 (0)1 40 14 63 58
www.bnpparibas.com

The bank
for a changing
world

