2018/2019 Financial calendar
8 May 2018

Annual General Meeting

15 May 2018

Interim Report as at 31 March 2018

7 August 2018

Interim Report as at 30 June 2018

8 November 2018

Interim Report as at 30 September 2018

End-March 2019

Annual Report 2018

2017

Commerzbank AG
Head Office
Kaiserplatz
Frankfurt am Main
www.commerzbank.com
Postal address
60261 Frankfurt am Main
Tel. + 49 69 136-20
info@commerzbank.com
Investor Relations
Tel. + 49 69 136-21331
Fax + 49 69 136-29492
ir@commerzbank.com

Annual Report 2017

Annual Report

Key figures

Significant Group companies

Income statement

Germany

Abroad

1,399

comdirect bank AG, Quickborn

Commerzbank Brasil S.A. – Banco Múltiplo, São Paulo

1.12

Commerz Real AG, Eschborn

Commerzbank (Eurasija) AO, Moscow

1.1.– 31.12.2017

1.1.– 31.12.2016 1

Operating profit (€m)

1,303

Operating profit per share (€)

1.04

Pre-tax profit or loss (€m)

495

643

Commerzbank Finance & Covered Bond S.A., Luxembourg

Consolidated profit or loss2 (€m)

156

279

Commerzbank Zrt., Budapest

Earnings per share (€)

0.12

0.22

Commerz Markets LLC, New York
mBank S.A., Warsaw

Operating return on equity based on CET1

5.5

6.0

Return on equity of consolidated profit or loss7 (%)

0.6

1.1

Cost/income ratio in operating business (%)

77.3

75.5

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Total assets (€bn)

452.5

480.4

Risk-weighted assets (€bn)

171.4

190.5

Equity as shown in balance sheet (€bn)

30.0

29.6

Total capital as shown in balance sheet (€bn)

40.1

40.5

Regulatory key figures

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Tier 1 capital ratio (%)

15.2

13.9

Common Equity Tier 1 ratio5 (%)

14.9

13.9

Common Equity Tier 1 ratio5 (fully phased-in; %)

14.1

12.3

Total capital ratio (%)

18.3

16.9

Leverage ratio (%)

5.5

5.4

Leverage ratio (fully phased-in, %)

5.1

4.8

3, 4

(%)

Balance sheet

Staff

31.12.2017

30.9.2017

Germany

36,917

36,837

Abroad

12,500

12,385

Total

49,417

49,222

Ratings6
Moody’s Investors Service, New York

31.12.2017

30.9.2017

A2/Baa1/P–1

A2/Baa1/P–1

A–/A–/A–2

A–/A–/A–2

A–/BBB+/F2

A–/BBB+/F2

–/A/S–1

–/A/S–1

S&P Global, New York
Fitch Ratings, New York/London
Scope Ratings, Berlin
Prior-year figures restated.
Insofar as attributable to Commerzbank shareholders.
3
Average Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital with full application of Basel 3.
4
Annualised.
5
The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is the ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital (mainly subscribed capital,
reserves and deduction items) to risk-weighted assets. The fully phased-in basis anticipates full application of
the new regulations.
6
Deposit rating/issuer credit rating/short-term liabilities (further information can be found online at
www.commerzbank.com).
7
Ratio of net income attributable to Commerzbank shareholders and average IFRS equity before minority after
deduction of goodwill and other intangible assets.
1

Operative foreign branches
Amsterdam, Barcelona, Bratislava, Beijing, Brno (office),
Brussels, Dubai, Hong Kong, London, Luxembourg, Madrid,
Milan, New York, Ostrava (office), Paris, Plzeň (office),
Prague, Shanghai, Singapore, Tianjin, Tokyo, Vienna, Zurich

Commerzbank worldwide
Operative foreign branches

23

Representative offices

34

Significant Group companies abroad

6

2

Domestic branches in
private customer business
Foreign branches

390

Worldwide staff

49,417

International staff

12,500

Domestic staff

36,917

As at 31.12.2017

Due to rounding, numbers and percentages in this report may not add up precisely to the totals
provided.

~ 1,000

Representative Offices and Financial Institutions Desks
Abidjan, Addis Ababa, Almaty, Ashgabat, Baghdad, Baku,
Bangkok, Beijing (FI Desk), Beirut, Belgrade, Brussels
(Liaison Office to the European Union), Bucharest,
Buenos Aires, Cairo, Caracas, Dhaka, Dubai (FI Desk),
Ho Chi Minh City, Hong Kong (FI Desk), Istanbul, Jakarta,
Johannesburg, Kiev, Kuala Lumpur, Lagos, Luanda,
Melbourne, Milan (FI Desk), Minsk, Moscow, Mumbai,
New York (FI Desk), Novosibirsk, Panama City, São Paulo,
Seoul, Shanghai (FI Desk), Singapore (FI Desk), Taipei,
Tashkent, Tblisi, Tokyo (FI Desk), Zagreb

C2 –C4

C2
C3
C4

Key Figures
Significant subsidiaries and Commerzbank worldwide
Financial calendar, contact addresses

2 –18

2
5
6
13
16

Letter from the Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors
The Board of Managing Directors
Report of the Supervisory Board
Committees and Supervisory Board
Our share

19 –52

21

Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HBG)
Remuneration Report
Details pursuant to Art. 315 of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
Combined separate non-financial report

27
40
44

53 –98

55
60
68

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
68 Private and Small-Business Customers
74 Corporate Clients
81 Asset & Capital Recovery
84 Others and Consolidation

85
88

Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

99 –134

101
102
108
120

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk

124
126
128

Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

135 –298

139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash Flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board of Managing Directors
Auditor’s report

299 –310

300
303
305
308
310

Seats on supervisory boards and similar bodies
Independent Practitioner’s Report of the combined separate non-financial report
Information on the encumbrance of assets
Quarterly results by segment
Five-year overview

Contents

Contents

2

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Letter from the Chairman of the
Board of Managing Directors

To our Shareholders

Frankfurt/Main, March 2018

In the 2017 financial year, Commerzbank focused on implementing the “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy.
As you know, we began a fundamental restructuring of the Bank at the end of 2016. The profound
structural change in the banking sector represents a challenge for everyone, but we are ready to seize
this opportunity and emerge among the winners. As part of our strategy, we are digitalising our
processes and becoming more efficient, so as to enhance profitability. The 2017 financial year was an
important stage of this journey. We achieved nearly all of our strategic objectives for 2017 and even
exceeded some. Our growth in terms of customers and assets is very respectable, as is the progress
made in digitalisation, as reflected in new apps and increasingly digitalised processes. Our Digital
Campus is now completely staffed and operating at full speed. The Campus is the engine driving
digitalisation within Commerzbank with around 1,000 employees who are working on digitalisation
projects in flexible teams. We want to digitalise 80% of our relevant business processes by 2020.
Having started at 30%, we have now achieved a level of nearly 50% and plan to increase the
proportion of digital processes to 65% by the end of 2018. This means that almost two thirds of our
key processes will then operate digitally.
Another focal point of our strategy is growth. With our two strong business segments Private and
Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients we are focusing even more closely on areas where we
can provide special added value to our customers, and thus stand out from competitors. In the past
financial year, we maintained our strong market position in corporate customer business, despite the
ongoing challenges of the market environment, and we continued to grow in retail banking and at mBank.
In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment, we attracted over 500,000 new customers
and more than ř38bn in assets during the reporting year. New retail mortgage financing business
amounted to ř15bn, topping the nearly ř12bn in new business in the previous year. We are now
operating our consumer lending business on our in-house Commerzbank platform. In 2017, we ended
the joint venture with BNP Paribas and transferred a portfolio of around ř3.5bn to the Bank’s books
and systems, which will allow us to further expand this business. At the same time, in Private and

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

3

2 Letter from the Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors
5 The Board of Managing Directors
6 Report of the Supervisory Board
13 Committees and the Supervisory Board
16 Our share

Small-Business Customers we made a conscious decision to invest in the digital and personal services
as the interaction with our digital offerings gains in importance. In the branch business, we work with
our “ONE” platform, available to both customers and advisors, and we can be reached day and night
thanks to our customer centres and mobile and online banking services. We are becoming more
efficient all the time. mBank again performed very well in Poland, where it gained around 292,000 net
new customers in 2017. As in the previous year, it contributed close to ř300m to the segment’s total
operating profit of ř867m. The decline compared with the previous year was due to higher loan loss
provisions at mBank and higher costs resulting from greater investment in digitalisation and
regulatory charges.
The Corporate Clients segment is truly integral to Commerzbank’s DNA. Germany is the Mittelstand.
And we are the Mittelstand bank. We will continue to underscore this, not least through a further rollout of our recently launched corporate customer campaign. In Mittelstand financing, Commerzbank is
the undisputed market leader in Germany and finances around 30% of German foreign trade. We are
also making good progress in digitalisation. Our corporate customers now have the option of opening
accounts online. In the first phase of this service, it is only being offered to smaller companies,
although it will naturally become available to larger companies in the future. Just in the past two years,
the Bank has gained close to 5,400 new corporate customers, mainly from the German Mittelstand,
with more than 4,000 of these coming on board last year. In 2017, the Corporate Clients segment
recorded an operating profit of ř809m. Operating profitability came under pressure from various
directions: intense price competition in the business with Mittelstand customers, weak demand for
hedging products as a result of low capital market volatility, and the realignment of the Financial
Institutions division.
In the Asset & Capital Recovery run-off segment, we reduced the shipping finance and commercial
real estate portfolios by around ř3.3bn to ř4.1bn over the past year in a value-preserving manner. The
shipping finance portfolio was scaled down considerably by ř2.2bn to ř2.6bn. We also significantly
reduced the operating loss of the segment to ř–269m.
At Group level, operating business developed soundly overall in 2017, despite the ongoing
restructuring. Income before loan loss provisions fell to ř9.2bn. However, when adjusted for positive
one-off income and remeasurement effects, largely deriving from income from the takeover of the
instalment loan portfolio and proceeds from the disposal of a stake in the financial services provider
Concardis and from a real estate sale, the income before loan loss provisions rose slightly from the
previous year to ř8.6bn. Net loan loss provisions fell versus the previous year to ř781m. In addition,
operating expenses were reduced slightly to ř7.1bn in 2017, as we employed active cost management
methods to offset stronger investment in digitalisation and growth, higher costs for regulatory projects,
compliance, deposit protection schemes and various banking levies. Operating profit was down slightly
from the previous year at ř1.3bn.

To our Shareholders

we offer to customers. Our branches will continue to play a crucial role in our growth strategy, even

4

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

In the year under review, the Bank reached a binding agreement with the employee representative

To our Shareholders

committees on achieving a socially responsible reduction in headcount. The associated restructuring
costs of just over ř800m were charged in full in the 2017 financial year. After deducting tax and
minority interests, Commerzbank achieved a consolidated profit of ř156m in the first year of
implementing the new strategy, compared with ř279m in 2016. The positive trend in our capital
position continued in the year under review. The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 14.1% at the
end of December, compared with 12.3% in the previous year. As a result, the Bank’s capital position is
comfortable and we clearly exceed all the applicable regulatory requirements. Our loan loss provisions
remain low thanks to the stable economic situation in Germany and the quality of our loan book, as
reflected in an excellent non-performing loan ratio of just 1.3%.
Dear shareholders, we achieved a great deal last year and laid the foundation for the restructuring of
Commerzbank. We are working hard to make the Bank even better. For the first year of strategy
implementation, we are not paying out a dividend, so we can be better equipped to push ahead with
our restructuring. However, this must not be allowed to become the future status quo. We are making
progress. Therefore, we are targeting a dividend distribution for the 2018 financial year. Meanwhile, we
will continue the restructuring of Commerzbank in 2018 and take further key steps as we evolve to
become a digital enterprise, all the while striving to achieve higher growth in our core business areas
and enhance profitability. These are our objectives, and we will pursue them diligently.
I would like to take this opportunity to join with my colleagues on the Board of Managing Directors
in extending a special thanks to all our employees throughout the Bank for their hard work and
commitment.
We sincerely hope that you will continue supporting Commerzbank on its path into the future. I am
delighted to invite you to our Annual General Meeting in Frankfurt am Main, to be held on 8 May 2018.
I look forward to seeing you there.

Martin Zielke
Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

5

2 Letter from the Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors
5 The Board of Managing Directors
6 Report of the Supervisory Board
13 Committees and the Supervisory Board
16 Our share

Martin Zielke

Stephan Engels

Age 55, Chairman

Age 56, Chief Financial Officer

Member of the Board of Managing

Member of the Board of Managing

Directors since 5.11.2010

Directors since 1.4.2012

Frank Annuscheit

Michael Mandel

Age 55, Chief Operating Officer
Member of the Board of Managing

Age 51, Private- and
Small-Business Customers

Directors since 1.1.2008

Member of the Board of Managing
Directors since 23.5.2016

Dr. Marcus Chromik

Dr. Bettina Orlopp

Age 45, Chief Risk Officer

Age 47, Compliance,

Member of the Board of Managing
Directors since 1.1.2016

Human Resources, Legal
Member of the Board of Managing
Directors since 1.11.2017

Michael Reuther
Age 58, Corporate Clients
Member of the Board of Managing
Directors since 1.10.2006

To our Shareholders

The Board of Managing Directors

6

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Report of the Supervisory Board

To our Shareholders

Frankfurt/Main, March 2018

During the year under review, we advised the Board of Managing Directors on its conduct of the Bank’s
affairs and regularly supervised the way in which Commerzbank was managed. The Board of Managing
Directors reported to us at regular intervals, promptly and extensively, in both written and verbal form, on all
the main developments at the Bank, including between meetings. We received frequent and regular
information on the company’s business position and the economic situation of its individual business
segments, its corporate planning, implementation of the “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy, compliance issues, the
performance of the share price, and the strategic orientation of the Bank, including its risk strategy, and we
advised the Board of Managing Directors on these topics. Between meetings I, as the Chairman of the
Supervisory Board, was also continually in touch with the Chairman and other members of the Board of
Managing Directors according to a set timetable and kept myself up-to-date with the current business
progress and major business transactions within both the Bank and the Group.
We were involved in all decisions of major importance for the Bank, giving our approval after extensive
consultation and examination wherever required.

Meetings of the Supervisory Board
Seven meetings of the Supervisory Board were held during the financial year, plus two full-day strategy
meetings: one for the employee representatives and one for the shareholder representatives.
The focus of all ordinary meetings was the Bank’s current business position, which we discussed in detail
with the Board of Managing Directors. We considered in depth the Bank’s financial and business performance,
the risk situation, strategy, planning, compliance issues, the risk management system and the internal control
system. Another area of emphasis was the financial performance and strategy of the individual business
segments. We were also kept continually informed of the status of cooperation with the US monitor and
internal investigations concerning cum-ex transactions of the Bank.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

7

2 Letter from the Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors
5 The Board of Managing Directors
6 Report of the Supervisory Board
13 Committees and the Supervisory Board
16 Our share

We subjected the reports of the Board of Managing Directors to critical analysis, in some cases requesting
supplementary information, which was always provided immediately and to our satisfaction. We also received
questions regarding these, and then formed our verdict on them. When necessary, we also passed resolutions
between meetings by way of circulars.
At the meeting on 8 February 2017, our discussions centred on the report on the implementation status of
the “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy and reports on the current business situation and the provisional results for
financial year 2016. We were kept informed of the status of cooperation with the US monitor and internal
investigations concerning cum-ex transactions of the Bank. We discussed and resolved on the target
achievement of the members of the Board of Managing Directors for 2016, and set the total amount of their
variable remuneration, also reviewing the suitability of the Board members’ overall remuneration levels. The
Group’s risk strategies for 2017 were also discussed. We were informed of the process for selecting the new
auditor for financial year 2018 and resolved, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, to propose the
auditing firm Ernst & Young GmbH, based in Eschborn/Frankfurt a.M., as the auditor for financial year 2018
to the 2017 Annual General Meeting.
In addition, we considered the Report of the Supervisory Board and the Corporate Governance Report for
the Annual Report 2016. We also resolved on changes to the membership of committees.
At the accounts review meeting on 22 March 2017, we reviewed the 2016 financial statements for the
parent company and the Group, and approved them on the Audit Committee’s recommendation.
We furthermore approved the proposed resolutions for the agenda of the 2017 Annual General Meeting,
including the proposal for the appropriation of profit. The senior management of the ECB’s Single
Supervisory Mechanism gave a presentation on the main supervisory focal points in 2017, and we discussed a
range of issues with them. We were also informed of progress in IT developments within the Bank
and discussed the Remuneration Report for the Annual Report.
At the meeting on 3 May 2017, we discussed the programme for the Annual General Meeting.
At the meeting on 21 June 2017, we again addressed the “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy as well as the
report on the current business situation and the status of internal investigations concerning cum-ex
transactions of the Bank. Dr. Tobias Guldimann was selected as a new member of the Audit Committee and
we set the new target for the proportion of women on the Board of Managing Directors. We were informed of
the ECB’s “Guide to fit and proper assessments” published on 16 May 2017 and its regulatory impact, as well
as measures relating to career development within Commerzbank.
At the meeting of 5 September 2017, the Board of Managing Directors reported to us on the business
situation and in particular on the key financial indicators, the shareholder structure, the status of cooperation
with the US monitor and compliance issues. We discussed selected issues from the “Commerzbank 4.0”
strategy and the implementation status in detail. We also considered the results of the evaluation and
efficiency review of the Supervisory Board for 2017 and were informed of the structure of the remuneration
models for Commerzbank staff and the amendments to the Remuneration Ordinance for Institutions. We also
resolved on amendments to the model pension agreement and current pension agreements for members of
the Board of Managing Directors. Finally, there was a discussion of a range of issues where the Board of
Managing Directors was not present.
The Board of Managing Directors met with employee representatives on 27 September 2017 to have indepth discussions of Commerzbank’s strategy, and on 28 September met with shareholder representatives for
the same purpose.

To our Shareholders

information on internal and official investigations into the Bank in Germany and other countries, asked

8

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

In its report on the business situation at the meeting on 8 November 2017, the Board of Managing
Directors reported on the performance of the business segments, the financial results for the third quarter

To our Shareholders

of 2017, the implementation status of IFRS 9 and the status of internal investigations concerning cum-ex
transactions of the Bank. We also discussed the medium-term planning until 2021 and received a status
report on foreign operating entities and their progress in rectifying issues identified by regulators. We
addressed the Supervisory Board’s statutory audit duty with regard to the non-financial report (CSR report),
as well as the manner and means by which this report is published. For this purpose, we appointed the
auditing firm PricewaterhouseCoopers, based in Frankfurt am Main, to audit the combined separate nonfinancial report as at 31 December 2017 for Commerzbank AG and the Group. Other topics covered at this
meeting included the Bank’s corporate governance; in particular, we approved the annual Declaration of
Compliance with the German Corporate Governance Code pursuant to Art. 161 of the German Stock
Corporation Act, set objectives for the composition of the Supervisory Board, and resolved diversity policies
for the composition of the Board of Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board. More details on
corporate governance at Commerzbank can be found on pages 21 to 26 of this Annual Report. We also
extended the appointment of Martin Zielke as member and Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors.
On the basis of the ECB’s “Guide to fit and proper assessments”, we approved guidelines on conflicts of
interest for members of the Board of Managing Directors. We discussed and took note of the business, risk,
IT and outsourcing strategies.
At the last meeting of the year on 13 December 2017, we considered and approved the targets for
members of the Board of Managing Directors for 2018. We also received a report on the design of the
employee remuneration systems. We added to the skills profile for members of the Supervisory Board of
Commerzbank AG and resolved on guidelines on the independence of Supervisory Board members and on
conflicts of interest. We also approved amended rules of procedure for the Board of Managing Directors.

Committees
To ensure that it can perform its duties efficiently, the Supervisory Board has formed seven committees from
its members. The current composition of the committees is shown on page 13 of this Annual Report. The
duties and responsibilities of the individual committees are defined in the Supervisory Board’s rules of
procedure, which can be found online at https://www.commerzbank.com.
In observance of the provisions of (EU) Regulation No. 537/2014 on the mandatory rotation of statutory
auditors, a public tendering process was implemented in the 2016 financial year and in the period under
review to select a new statutory auditor for Commerzbank AG and the Commerzbank Group for financial year
2018. The tendering process was supported operationally by an in-house project team. The major process
steps, selection criteria and key decisions were established through advance consultation with the Chairman
of the Audit Committee and were then adopted by the Audit Committee. In meetings, the Audit Committee
received regular reports on the progress of the tendering process and discussed and made decisions about
the further key steps to be taken. In compliance with the EU regulations for public tenders, the entire process
was carried out in a fair, transparent and non-discriminatory way. An announcement of the tendering process
in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) invited auditing firms to communicate their interest in participating
in the selection process. The interested parties were then provided with extensive documentation so that they
could submit a well-founded written tender. All candidates were also given the opportunity to pose questions
in a Q&A session. The two written tenders that were then submitted were analysed and evaluated by the
project team and by the Chairman of the Audit Committee.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

9

2 Letter from the Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors
5 The Board of Managing Directors
6 Report of the Supervisory Board
13 Committees and the Supervisory Board
16 Our share

The candidates were also invited to present their tender and the key members of their team in person.
These presentations were attended by the Chairman of the Audit Committee, representatives of the project
with both candidates. After completion of the process, and on the basis of a detailed report on the process
and the evaluation of the candidates, the Audit Committee recommended to the Supervisory Board to propose
the auditing firm Ernst & Young GmbH as the new statutory auditor to the Annual General Meeting. This
preference having been expressed, the second-ranked candidate, auditing firm Deloitte & Touche GmbH, was
also presented to the Supervisory Board as an alternative. The Supervisory Board then resolved to follow the
recommendation of the Audit Committee.
The Audit Committee met a total of six times in the 2017 financial year. It also passed urgent resolutions
by way of circulars. With the auditors in attendance, it discussed Commerzbank’s parent company and Group
financial statements and the auditor’s reports. The Audit Committee obtained the auditor’s declaration of
independence pursuant to Section 7.2.1 of the German Corporate Governance Code and submitted proposals
to the Supervisory Board for the appointment of the auditor, the amount of the auditor’s fee and the focal
points of the audit. The Audit Committee dealt with requests for the auditor to perform non-audit services; it
also received regular reports from the auditor on the current status and individual findings of the audit of the
annual financial statements and discussed the review of the interim financial reports before they were
published. The work of the Bank’s Group Audit and Group Compliance units was also discussed in detail.
Both departments reported regularly about the results of their work and on measures to optimise this work.
The Audit Committee received regular reports on developments in the monitorship in the USA and the status
of implementation of the monitor’s findings, as well as the findings in the underlying settlement agreements
with US regulatory authorities. In addition, the Audit Committee requested to be provided by the Board of
Managing Directors with continuous special reporting, or selective event-related special reporting, regarding
specific issues pertaining to the monitorship, the underlying settlement agreements and closely related
regulatory procedures, and it accepted such reporting at the meetings of the Audit Committee. The Audit
Committee furthermore received information on internal and external (regulatory) investigations and obtained
regular reports on progress in implementing regulatory findings. The Audit Committee also addressed
internal investigations of cum-ex transactions of the Bank. It reviewed the effectiveness of the Bank’s risk
management system and of the internal control system in particular. It discussed developments in whistleblowing cases and the auditor’s report on the review of reporting obligations and rules of conduct under the
German Securities Trading Act. The Audit Committee further discussed algorithmic trading, the segments’
compliance business reports and the MiFiD II/MiFiR projects. The Audit Committee was informed of the
implementation status of IFRS 9 and the progress in transferring the audit to Ernst & Young. Auditor
representatives regularly attended the meetings to report on their audit activities.
The Risk Committee convened a total of five times in the 2017 financial year. At its meetings, it closely
examined the Bank’s risk situation and risk management, devoting particular attention to the overall risk
strategy for 2017, the sub-risk strategies and credit, market, liquidity, operational, reputational and
compliance risks. Significant individual exposures of the Bank were also discussed in detail with the Board
of Managing Directors, as were portfolios and sub-portfolios. The Risk Committee considered the Bank’s
equity holdings and its recovery plan and was briefed on measures taken by the Bank to prevent cybercrime activities.

To our Shareholders

team, the heads of the relevant divisions and the CFO. The key economic points of the tenders were discussed

10

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

It checked that terms and conditions in customer business are compatible with the Bank’s business model
and risk structure. It also discussed various stress tests and their results. The meetings included consideration

To our Shareholders

of the employee remuneration system and the audits and risk assessment of Commerzbank by its regulators.
The Risk Committee examined Commerzbank’s risk-bearing capacity, any large exposures of Commerzbank
Group companies, loans to officers at those companies and high-risk exposures.
The Presiding Committee held five meetings during the year under review. Its discussions were devoted to
preparing the plenary Supervisory Board meetings and in-depth treatment of the meeting deliberations,
especially with regard to business and capital market conditions and Commerzbank’s new strategy. The
Presiding Committee also prepared the plenary body’s resolutions regarding amendments to the pension
agreements of members of the Board of Managing Directors and agreed to members of the Board of
Managing Directors taking up mandates at other companies. In addition, it looked into loans to employees
and officers of the Bank. Urgent resolutions were passed by way of circulars.
The Remuneration Control Committee met three times. It considered the target achievement of the Board
of Managing Directors for 2016 and reviewed both the suitability of board remuneration levels and the total
variable remuneration for employees in respect of 2016. It also dealt with the employee remuneration systems
and the appropriateness of the design of the remuneration systems for employees and the Board of Managing
Directors in relation to financial year 2017. Finally, the committee considered the objectives of the members
of the Board of Managing Directors for 2018.
The Social Welfare Committee met twice in the year under review, with the meetings focusing primarily on
human resources policy and staff development. It also looked at progress on headcount reduction, the
“Commerzbank 4.0” strategy and general HR indicators.
The Nomination Committee held four meetings during the year under review. It gave in-depth
consideration to the new membership of the Supervisory Board for the period after the 2018 Annual General
Meeting. The Committee also discussed extending the appointment of Martin Zielke as member and
Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors. In addition, it performed the duties of the Nomination
Committee pursuant to Art. 25 d (11) sentence 2 of the German Banking Act, in particular the assessment of
the Supervisory Board and Board of Managing Directors required by that act. Finally, the Nomination
Committee examined the profile of skills and expertise for the members of Commerzbank’s Supervisory Board.
There was no need for any meetings of the Conciliation Committee formed in accordance with the German
Codetermination Act.
The chairs of the committees regularly reported on their work to the plenary body of the Supervisory
Board at the next meeting.

Conflicts of interest
In accordance with section 5.5.2 of the German Corporate Governance Code and Art. 3 (6) of the rules of
procedure of the Supervisory Board, members of Commerzbank’s Supervisory Board are required to disclose
potential conflicts of interest to the Chairman of the Supervisory Board or the Chairman’s deputy, who will in
turn consult with the Presiding Committee and disclose the conflict of interest to the Supervisory Board. No
member of the Supervisory Board declared a potential conflict of interest during the year under review.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

11

2 Letter from the Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors
5 The Board of Managing Directors
6 Report of the Supervisory Board
13 Committees and the Supervisory Board
16 Our share

Training and development measures
The members of the Supervisory Board undertook the training and development measures required for their
at the Supervisory Board meetings. In 2017, this involved talks on the ECB’s “Guide to fit and proper
assessments”, the new Remuneration Ordinance for Institutions, IFRS 9 and MiFiD II/MiFiR. In addition, the
Supervisory Board members considered Commerzbank’s new branch concept and branch strategy in detail
and visited local branches in connection with this. The Supervisory Board also discussed the issues of
digitalisation and direct banking in depth and visited comdirect Bank AG. New Supervisory Board members
were offered internal qualification and onboarding measures. Various Supervisory Board members also took
part in external training. Board members were offered the opportunity to take part in a separate meeting with
the auditors on the annual financial statements in advance of the Board’s accounts review meeting.

Participation in meetings
All members of the Supervisory Board attended more than half the plenary sessions in financial year 2017.
Dr. Helmut Perlet, Mr. Karl-Heinz Flöther, Mr. Mark Roach and Dr. Gertrude Tumpel-Gugerell each missed
one meeting of the seven meetings in total of the Supervisory Board. Dr. Stefan Lippe did not take part in
two meetings. All other members of the Supervisory Board were present at all of the meetings of the
Supervisory Board.
Mr. Hans-Hermann Altenschmidt and Mr. Uwe Tschäge were absent at one meeting of the Nomination
Committee. Dr. Stefan Lippe did not take part in one meeting of the Risk Committee.
In general, Supervisory Board members issue voting instructions if they are unable to attend a meeting
of the Supervisory Board or a committee meeting.

Parent company and Group financial statements
The auditor and Group auditor appointed by the Annual General Meeting – the auditing firm
PricewaterhouseCoopers Aktiengesellschaft (PwC), based in Frankfurt am Main – audited the parent company
and Group financial statements of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and also the management reports of the
parent company and the Group, giving them their unqualified certification. The parent company financial
statements were prepared according to the rules of the German Commercial Code (HGB), and the Group
financial statements according to the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The financial
statements and auditor’s reports were sent to all members of the Supervisory Board in good time. In addition,
the members of the Audit Committee received the complete annexes and notes relating to the auditor’s
reports, and all members of the Supervisory Board had the opportunity to inspect these documents. The Audit
Committee dealt at length with the financial statements at its meeting on 20 March 2018. At its meeting on
21 March 2018, the Supervisory Board examined and approved the parent company and Group financial
statements of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as well as the management reports of the parent company
and the Group. The auditors attended the above-mentioned meetings of the Audit Committee and of the
plenary Supervisory Board, explaining the main findings of their audit and answering questions. At both
meetings, the financial statements were discussed at length with the Board of Managing Directors and the
auditor representatives.

To our Shareholders

duties at their own initiative, with appropriate support from Commerzbank. Regular training also takes place

12

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Following the final review by the Audit Committee and our own examination, we raised no objections to
the parent company and Group financial statements and concurred with the findings of the auditors. The

To our Shareholders

Supervisory Board has approved the financial statements of the parent company and the Group presented by
the Board of Managing Directors; the financial statements of the parent company are thus adopted. We
concur with the recommendation made by the Board of Managing Directors on the appropriation of profit.
The Audit Committee and the Supervisory Board also reviewed the combined separate non-financial report
as at 31 December 2017 for Commerzbank AG and the Group, as prepared by the Board of Managing
Directors. PwC conducted an audit to obtain limited assurance and issued an unqualified certification. The
documents were carefully reviewed by the Audit Committee at its meeting on 20 March 2018 and by the
Supervisory Board at its meeting on 21 March 2018. The Board of Managing Directors provided an in-depth
explanation of the reports at both meetings. Auditor representatives took part in both meetings. They
reported on the main results of their audit and answered further questions from the members of the
Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board raised no objections following its review.

Changes in the Supervisory Board and the Board of Managing Directors
Dr. Bettina Orlopp was appointed to the Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank AG with effect from
1 November 2017. She is responsible on the board for the topics she has been in charge of as Senior General
Manager since May 2016: Compliance, Human Resources and Legal.
Heike Anscheit became a member of the Supervisory Board on 1 January 2017, succeeding Barbara
Priester, who left the board on 31 December 2016. Margit Schoffer resigned her position as a member of the
Supervisory Board with effect from 31 January 2017. Her successor, Stefan Jennes, joined the Supervisory
Board of Commerzbank on 1 February 2017.
We thank Barbara Priester and Margit Schoffer for their valuable service to Commerzbank.
We would also like to thank the Board of Managing Directors and all our employees for their tremendous
commitment and performance in 2017.
After nearly 52 years of working for Commerzbank in a range of roles both domestically and abroad, my term
of office as Chairman of the Supervisory Board will end with the Annual General Meeting on 8 May. I would
like to extend my very sincere thanks to our many faithful shareholders, who have stood by us through thick
and thin. We hope that you will continue to support this great bank.

For the Supervisory Board

Klaus-Peter Müller
Chairman

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

13

2 Letter from the Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors
5 The Board of Managing Directors
6 Report of the Supervisory Board
13 Committees and the Supervisory Board
16 Our share

Presiding Committee
Compensation Control Committee

Audit Committee

Risk Committee

Klaus-Peter Müller
Chairman

Dr. Helmut Perlet
Chairman

Nicholas Teller
Chairman

Hans-Hermann Altenschmidt

Hans-Hermann Altenschmidt

Stefan Burghardt

Dr. Markus Kerber

Gunnar de Buhr

Dr. Markus Kerber

Uwe Tschäge

Karl-Heinz Flöther

Dr. Stefan Lippe

Dr. Tobias Guldimann

Dr. Helmut Perlet

Anja Mikus

Dr. Gertrude Tumpel-Gugerell

Mediation Committee

Nomination Committee

Social Welfare Committee

Klaus-Peter Müller
Chairman

Klaus-Peter Müller
Chairman

Klaus-Peter Müller
Chairman

Hans-Hermann Altenschmidt

Gunnar de Buhr

Hans-Hermann Altenschmidt

Dr. Markus Kerber

Stefan Burghardt

Nicholas Teller

Nicholas Teller

Sabine U. Dietrich

Uwe Tschäge

Uwe Tschäge

Anja Mikus

Uwe Tschäge

(Art. 27, (3) German Co-determination Act)

To our Shareholders

Committees of the Supervisory Board

14

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

To our Shareholders

Members of the Supervisory Board
of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Klaus-Peter Müller

Stefan Burghardt1

Age 73, Member of the Supervisory Board

Age 58, Member of the Supervisory Board

since 15.5.2008, Chairman of the Supervisory
Board of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft

since 19.4.2013, branch manager
Mittelstand Bremen

Uwe Tschäge1

Sabine U. Dietrich

Age 50, Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory

Age 57, Member of the Supervisory Board

Board since 30.5.2003, banking professional

since 30.4.2015, former member of the Board
of Managing Directors of BP Europe SE

Hans-Hermann Altenschmidt1

Karl-Heinz Flöther

Age 56, Member of the Supervisory Board

Age 65, Member of the Supervisory Board

since 30.5.2003, banking professional

since 19.4.2013, independent management
consultant

Heike Anscheit1

Dr. Tobias Guldimann

Age 47, Member of the Supervisory Board

Age 56, Member of the Supervisory Board

since 1.1.2017, banking professional

since 3.5.2017, independent consultant in the
financial sector

Gunnar de Buhr1

Stefan Jennes1

Age 50, Member of the Supervisory Board

Age 50, Member of the Supervisory Board

since 19.4.2013, banking professional

since 1.2.2017, banking professional

1

Elected by the bank’s employees.

You will find detailed curriculum vitae for the members of the
Supervisory Board online on our Group page under “Management“.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

15

Dr. Markus Kerber

Anja Mikus

Age 54, Member of the Supervisory Board

Age 59, Member of the Supervisory Board

since 19.4.2013, former Chief Executive
Director of the Federal Association of German

since 30.4.2015, CEO/CIO of the foundation
“Fund for the Financing of Nuclear Waste”

Industry (Bundesverband der Deutschen

German Federal Ministry of Economics and

Industrie)

Energy

Alexandra Krieger1

Dr. Helmut Perlet

Age 47, Member of the Supervisory Board
since 15.5.2008, Head Business Administration/

Age 70, Member of the Supervisory Board
since 16.5.2009, Chairman of the Supervisory

Corporate Strategy Industrial Union Mining,

Board of GEA GROUP AG

Chemical and Energy (Industriegewerkschaft
Bergbau, Chemie, Energie)

Oliver Leiberich1

Mark Roach1

Age 61, Member of the Supervisory Board
since 19.4.2013, banking professional

Age 63, Member of the Supervisory Board
since 10.1.2011, Trade Union Secretary
ver.di Trade Union National Administration
(Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft ver.di)

Dr. Stefan Lippe

Nicholas Teller

Age 62, Member of the Supervisory Board
since 8.5.2014, former President of the

Age 58, Member of the Supervisory Board
since 8.5.2014, Chairman of the Advisory

Company Management of Swiss Re AG

Board E.R. Capital Holding GmbH & Cie. KG

Beate Mensch1

Dr. Gertrude Tumpel-Gugerell

Age 55, Member of the Supervisory Board

Age 65, Member of the Supervisory Board

since 19.4.2013, Trade Union Secretary
ver.di Region of the Federal State Hessen

since 1.6.2012, former member of the
Executive Board of the European Central Bank

(Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft ver.di),
Organisational development

To our Shareholders

2 Letter from the Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors
5 The Board of Managing Directors
6 Report of the Supervisory Board
13 Committees and the Supervisory Board
16 Our share

16

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Our share
Development of equity markets and
performance indices

bank stocks, which outperformed the market in the year under
review. Against the backdrop of continued expansionary monetary

To our Shareholders

policy by the European Central Bank, there was no upward moveThe international stock markets were dominated by a host of geo-

ment in short-term interest rates in 2017. European banks includ-

political events in 2017, including parliamentary elections in the

ing Commerzbank therefore remained under ongoing pressure

Netherlands, France and Germany, the ongoing Brexit negotia-

from low net interest margins. In light of a more positive interest

tions between the UK and the European Union and continued po-

rate outlook in 2018, however, with the majority of analysts antici-

litical tensions in the Middle East and North Korea. Nonetheless,

pating a rise in 10-year Bund yields, investors are at least expect-

the improved economic outlook in Europe combined with a global

ing a gradual recovery in interest income in the sector. The DAX

economic upturn put the capital markets in bullish mood, which

stock index rose by around 13% in 2017, ending the year at

was reflected in rising broad stock market indices and a stronger

12,918. While the EURO-STOXX 50 rose by around 7% during the

euro relative to other major currencies, such as the US dollar.

year, the EURO-STOXX Banks Index outperformed in relative

Higher sovereign bond yields in the euro area boosted demand for

terms with a rise of 11%.

Commerzbank share vs. Performance indices in 2017
Daily figures, 30.12.2016 = 100
200%
180%
160%
140%
120%
100%
80%
Jan
Commerzbank

Feb

Mar

DAX

Apr

May

Jun

Jul

Aug

Sep

Oct

Nov

Dec

EURO STOXX Banks

The Commerzbank share

Owing to the significant rise in the share price, Commerzbank’s
market capitalisation rose to ř15.7bn at year-end 2017 (high:

The Commerzbank share price saw a continual uptrend over the

ř16.1bn; low ř8.9bn), compared with ř9.1bn one year earlier. In

course of the year, rising by around 73% compared with the end

terms of its price-to-book ratio, Commerzbank traded in a range of

of 2016. This uptrend reflected a number of factors, such as grow-

0.3 to 0.6 over the course of 2017. By way of comparison, the EURO

ing optimism about the implementation of the Commerzbank 4.0

STOXX Banks Index had a price-to-book ratio of 0.8–1.0x.

strategy and expectations that a possible increase in interest rates

The daily turnover of Commerzbank shares in 2017 was close

combined with the Bank’s high interest rate sensitivity would have

to the prior-year level in terms of the number of shares traded.

a positive impact on Commerzbank’s earnings profile. Occasional

The average daily trading volume in the year under review was

takeover speculation has also driven up the Commerzbank share

11.9 million shares, compared with 12.5 million shares in 2016.

price, as has the fact that the US private equity investor Cerberus
took a stake in the Bank, amounting to 5.01% according to Cer-

Securities codes

berus, in July 2017.

Bearer shares

CBK100

Reuters

CBKG.DE

With a closing price of ř12.51 at the end of the year, the
Commerzbank share was within touching distance of the high of

Bloomberg

ř12.96 reached in the course of 2017.

ISIN

CBK GR
DE000CBK1001

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

17

2 Letter from the Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors
5 The Board of Managing Directors
6 Report of the Supervisory Board
13 Committees and the Supervisory Board
16 Our share

Commerzbank share – key figures

the Bank’s business model. Thanks to its strong capitalisation well
in excess of the statutory requirements (SREP) and a fully phased-in

With the number of shares unchanged, the earnings per share fell

Tier 1 capital ratio of 14.1%, the Bank significantly improved its

from ř0.22 to ř0.12 in financial year 2017, which primarily re-

risk profile in the year under review.

Highlights of the Commerzbank share

2017

2016

Shares issued in million units (31.12.)

1,252.4

1,252.4

High

12.96

9.50

Low

6.97

5.16

Closing price (31.12.)

12.51

7.25

High

46.0

42.3

Low

2.6

3.2

Average

11.9

12.5

1.2

0.9

Xetra intraday prices in ř

Daily trading volume1 in million units

Index weighting in % (31.12.)
DAX

1
2
3

EURO STOXX Banks

1.7

1.7

Earnings per share in ř

0.12

0.22

Book value per share2 in ř (31.12.)

23.06

22.79

Net asset value per share3 in ř (31.12.)

21.90

21.69

Market value/Net asset value (31.12.)

0.57

0.33

Total for German stock exchanges.
Excluding non-controlling interests.
Excluding non-controlling interests and the cash flow hedge reserve and less goodwill.

Commerzbank’s weight in the DAX was 1.2%, compared with

of Germany, Cerberus and BlackRock – as well as our mostly

0.9% in the previous year. In addition to being a constituent of the

German-based private shareholders. Moreover, around 50% of

European sector index EURO STOXX Banks, the Bank was also

Commerzbank shares were in the hands of institutional investors.

represented in 2017 in several sustainability indices that place par-

The free float stood at just under 75%.

ticular emphasis on environmental and ethical criteria alongside
economic and social factors.

Shareholder structure
As at 31 December 2017

Selected Indices containing the Commerzbank share

Cerberus > 5%

Blue chip indices

BlackRock > 5%

DAX
EURO STOXX Banks

German federal state
> 15%

Institutional investors
~ 50%

Sustainability indices
ECPI EMU Ethical Equity
ECPI Euro Ethical Equity

Private investors ~ 25%

ECPI Euro ESG Equity
ECPI World ESG Equity
STOXX Global ESG Leaders

Around 25 analysts provided regular coverage of Commerzbank
during 2017. At the end of 2017, the proportion of buy recom-

Shareholder structure and analyst
recommendations

mendations was 20%, compared with 31% twelve months ago. A
further 60% of analysts recommended a hold, while 20% of analysts recommended selling our shares, compared with 19% in the

On 31 December 2017, approximately 50% of Commerzbank

previous year. The average price target of analysts at the year-end

shares were held by our major shareholders – the Federal Republic

was ř11.38, compared with ř6.74 at the end of 2016.

To our Shareholders

flected the restructuring costs associated with the realignment of

18

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Commerzbank’s ratings

the associated lower risk of setbacks and avoidance of negative

To our Shareholders

surprises. The rating for “non-preferred” senior unsecured debt
The German Resolution Mechanism Act (Abwicklungsmechanis-

was downgraded by one notch to BBB at the same time, as these

musgesetz, or AbwMechG) entered into force on 1 January 2017.

instruments’ ranking in the creditor hierarchy makes it more likely

This redefined the rules applying to bail-ins in Germany via debt

that they will be bailed in in future in a resolution scenario. S&P

write-downs or debt/equity swaps. It amended the existing creditor

published an update of the parameters of its own capital model in

hierarchy for senior unsecured liabilities, as a result of which some

July 2017. As the ratings agency assumed at this point that the

capital instruments that previously ranked equally with one another

rating would potentially be influenced by the change in metho-

are now treated preferentially or as subordinated. In particular,

dology, some of the Bank’s ratings were placed under review. Alt-

complex structured liabilities, where bail-ins can be hard to en-

hough the change in methodology led to a deterioration in the

force, are now senior to plain vanilla capital instruments. Rating

agency’s risk-adjusted capital (RAC) ratio, S&P left the Bank’s rat-

agencies have already revised their rating methodologies in recent

ings unchanged in August 2017. The Bank benefited especially

years to take account of the varying probabilities of different capital

from the reduction in risk-weighted assets that it had carried out

instruments being bailed in under a resolution scenario. The main

by then in 2017. S&P expects the RAC ratio to rise again to over

impact of the new legislation was firstly to open up a significant

10% within the next two years.

gap in ratings between an issuer’s unsecured liabilities that had
previously been treated identically. At the same time, the number of

Fitch In the course of its regular rating reviews, Fitch confirmed

ratings increased to reflect the differing probabilities and extent of

Commerzbank’s ratings in the year under review as BBB+ with a

participation in losses for the different classes of liabilities in the

stable outlook for the issuer rating and bbb+ for the stand-alone

event of resolution (liability cascade). Commerzbank benefited from

rating.

the establishment of new rating classes. Agency ratings for senior
complex structured liabilities and ratings for deposits not covered

Moody’s In December 2017, Moody’s changed the outlook for

by the deposit protection scheme tend to be at the same level,

the deposit rating of A2 and the “preferred” senior unsecured debt

which in Commerzbank’s case is around “A”: A2 from Moody’s In-

rating of A2 from stable to positive. This reflects the expectation

vestors Service (Moody’s), A from Scope Ratings (Scope), A– from

that the underlying fundamentals of the Bank will improve.

S&P Global (S&P) and A– from FitchRatings (Fitch).

Moody’s sees a possibility that the Bank – assuming a further im-

Agencies also issued ratings on unsecuritised contractual obli-

provement in its profitability – could achieve a higher stand-alone

gations for the first time. Whereas Fitch focuses primarily on the

rating with a corresponding positive impact on the ratings listed

probability of default of a bank as a counterparty in derivatives

above within 12 to 18 months.

transactions – Fitch rating: A– (dcr) – Moody’s has a broader scope
and includes operational obligations – A2 (cra). Both agencies

Scope Commerzbank officially mandated Scope as a further rat-

share the basic assumption that certain core activities of an insol-

ing agency for Commerzbank’s bank rating as of 1 January 2017.

vent bank would be maintained even in the event of resolution, in

Scope first published a rating for Commerzbank without an official

order to safeguard the systemic stability of the banking sector.

mandate in April 2014. The Issuer Credit Strength Rating is A with

S&P plans to launch a new rating category this year, the Resolu-

a stable outlook. Unsecured liabilities, where bondholders are sub-

tion Counterparty Rating (RCR), which is expected to be above the

ject to bail-in under a resolution scenario, are rated one notch

issuer rating.

lower at A–.

Alongside the methodological changes referred to above, the
Bank’s improved fundamental data, including a larger equity buffer
and improved risk profile, also had a positive impact on some of
the main rating categories.
Rating events in 2017
S&P In March 2017, S&P upgraded Commerzbank’s issuer credit
rating and derived from this also ratings for deposits and counterparty risks, as well as the rating for “preferred” senior unsecured
liabilities by one notch to A– with a negative outlook. This was
based on the assumption that the large additional loss-absorbing
capacity (ALAC) buffer would protect the Bank’s senior unsecured
liabilities in a resolution. Furthermore, the rating agency gave credit for management's achievements in restructuring the Bank and

Corporate responsibility
› We acknowledge the principles of sound, responsible management as laid

› The term “corporate social responsibility” describes the extent to which
a company is conscious of its responsibilities whenever its business activities
affect society, staff, the natural environment or the economic environment. We
accept this responsibility, and report on it on pages 44 to 52.

Corporate Responsibility

down in the German Corporate Governance Code and meet virtually all of the
recommendations and proposals it makes. Pages 21 to 26 give details of this
aspect of our corporate responsibility.

20

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Contents
21

Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with Art. 289f
of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
21 Recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code
22 Suggestions of the German Corporate Governance Code
23 Board of Managing Directors
23 Supervisory Board
24 Diversity
25 Accounting

Corporate Responsibility

25 Shareholder relations, transparency and communication

27

Remuneration Report
27 Board of Managing Directors
37 Supervisory Board
39 Other details

40

Details pursuant to Art. 315 of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
40 Information under takeover law required pursuant to Art. 315a of the German Commercial
Code (HGB) and explanatory report
41 Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code (HGB)

44

Details pursuant to Art. 340i (5) in conjunction with Art. 315b (3) of
the German Commercial Code (HGB)
44 Environmental protection
46 Treatment of employees
47 Social responsibility
48 Respect for human rights
49 Combating bribery and corruption
50 Treatment of customers
51 About this report

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

21

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-Financial Report

Corporate governance report and
declaration on corporate governance

Commerzbank has always attached great importance to corporate

ficient division of responsibilities within the Board of Manag-

governance, in the sense of responsible and transparent manage-

ing Directors. The Supervisory Board is informed of all chang-

ment and control aimed at sustainable value creation. That is why

es, and is thus included in the process. The rules of procedure

we – the Board of Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board

for the Board of Managing Directors and the specific respon-

– expressly support the German Corporate Governance Code and

sibilities of the various members of the Board of Managing

the goals and objectives it pursues.

Directors are published on Commerzbank AG’s website at

In accordance with section 3.10 of the German Corporate Gov-

https://www.commerzbank.com.

ernance Code, we report below on corporate governance as practised at Commerzbank AG. This report also includes the declara-

• According to section 4.2.3 (2) sentence 6 of the Code, the total

tion on corporate governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction

remuneration of the members of the Board of Managing Direc-

with Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB).

tors and the upper limits on their variable remuneration components should be disclosed. The core elements of the Bank’s
remuneration system are a fixed basic annual salary plus varia-

Recommendations of the German Corporate
Governance Code

ble remuneration with a uniform target amount. In respect of
variable remuneration, the Supervisory Board after the end of a
financial year calculates a total goal achievement amount based

Commerzbank AG and its subsidiaries that are required by law to

on predefined goals. This total goal achievement amount is

do so declare every year whether the recommendations of the

capped at 1.4x fixed remuneration as calculated under the Re-

Commission regarding conduct have been and are being com-

muneration Ordinance for Institutions. Up to 50% of this

plied with, and explain which individual recommendations are

amount is paid in virtual Commerzbank shares, in respect of

not being implemented and the reasons why. These declarations

most of which a five-year retention period and a waiting period

of compliance by the Board of Managing Directors and Supervi-

of a further 12 months normally apply. At the end of the waiting

sory Board are published on the websites of the individual com-

period, the value of the virtual Commerzbank shares is paid out

panies; Commerzbank AG’s declarations can be found at

in cash, subject to various checks to ensure sustainability.

https://www.commerzbank.com. There is also an archive of all

Changes in the share price over this period do not affect the

the declarations of compliance made since 2002. The latest dec-

number of virtual shares granted and thus change the amount

laration was made in November 2017.

to be paid out, which has no upper limit. Under the concept

Commerzbank AG complies with virtually all of the recommen-

behind the remuneration system, the members of the Board of

dations of the German Corporate Governance Code; it deviates

Managing Directors are intended to bear the risk of the per-

from them in only a few points:

formance of the virtual shares after the calculation of the total
goal achievement amount, as a long-term element of remunera-

• Section 4.2.1 of the Code recommends that rules of procedure

tion. It would not be appropriate to cap the scope for participat-

should regulate the activities of the Board of Managing Direc-

ing in positive share price performance, especially given that

tors, including the allocation of responsibilities to its mem-

no floor applies if the price should fall.

bers. The Board of Managing Directors has adopted rules of
procedure with the approval of the Supervisory Board. Howev-

• In relation to the remuneration of the Board of Managing Direc-

er, the Board of Managing Directors determines the allocation

tors, section 4.2.3 (2) sentence 8 of the Code recommends that

of duties among the individual Board members itself, outside

there should be no subsequent changes to goals or the parame-

the purview of the rules of procedure. This provides it with the

ters for determining the variable remuneration components.

requisite flexibility if changes are needed, thus ensuring an ef-

Under the German Stock Corporation Act, the Supervisory

Corporate Responsibility

pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with Art. 289f of the
German Commercial Code (HGB)

22

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Board should agree the possibility of restricting the variable

maintain the established practice at Commerzbank AG of in-

remuneration of the Board of Managing Directors in exception-

volving both employee and shareholder representatives in the

al circumstances. It is entitled under this legislation to adjust

selection of candidates for the Board of Managing Directors,

the goals and other parameters for determining variable remu-

two members of the Commerzbank AG Supervisory Board’s

neration components in exceptional circumstances, to reasona-

Nomination Committee are employee representatives.

bly neutralise any positive or negative repercussions on the
achievability of the goals; the cap on variable remuneration
must be observed in all cases.

• Section 5.4.1 (2) sentence 2 of the Code recommends that the
Supervisory Board should set concrete objectives regarding its

Corporate Responsibility

composition which, while taking into consideration the specific

• Section 4.2.3 (3) of the Code recommends that in the case of

situation at the company, take into account the international

pension commitments to members of the Board of Managing

activities of the company, potential conflicts of interest, the

Directors, the Supervisory Board should define the intended

number of independent members of the Supervisory Board

benefit level – based on the length of their term of office – and

pursuant to section 5.4.2 of the Code, a specified age limit for

the annual and long-term expense for the company arising

members of the Supervisory Board, a specified fixed limit on

therefrom. Pension provision for the Board of Managing Direc-

length of service on the Supervisory Board and diversity. The

tors is a contribution-based benefit scheme that does not speci-

Supervisory Board of Commerzbank AG regularly sets specific

fy a particular level of benefits. Instead, each member of the

targets for its composition, taking into account the criteria

Board of Managing Directors has an entitlement to an annual

listed in section 5.4.1 (2) sentence 2. However, it has not set a

pension module, the amount of which is determined as a fixed

limit on the normal length of service on the Supervisory Board.

percentage of that individual’s basic annual salary. This gives

The Supervisory Board takes the view that continued service

the Supervisory Board a clear picture of the annual and long-

frequently has to be decided in respect of the individual mem-

term expense for the company, including the impact of actuari-

ber: setting a fixed limit would result in an inappropriate re-

al effects on pension provisions. The fact that a particular bene-

striction. Differing lengths of service among the individual

fit level is not defined, combined with the switch to a contribu-

members of the Supervisory Board can also offer advantages in

tion-based scheme, is in line with what is now common

terms of diversity.

business practice.

• Section 4.2.5 sentence 5 and 6 of the Code requires some of
the information on board remuneration in the Remuneration

Suggestions of the German Corporate
Governance Code

Report to be provided in standardised tables. However, the
model tables in the Code do not take account of the require-

Commerzbank AG also largely complies with the suggestions of

ments of the Remuneration Ordinance for Institutions and are

the German Corporate Governance Code, deviating from them in

therefore not as suitable for financial institutions such as

only a few points:

Commerzbank AG. As a result, Commerzbank AG has decided
not to implement this recommendation in its Remuneration

• In a deviation from section 2.3.2, the proxy can only be reached

Report 2017. Commerzbank AG has created its own tables

up to the day prior to the Annual General Meeting. However,

which provide clear and transparent information on its board

shareholders present or represented at the Annual General

remuneration system. Commerzbank AG has decided not to use

Meeting are able to give their proxy instructions at the meeting

the model tables in the Code alongside the tables created by it

itself as well.

or required under accounting rules, because this would undermine the clarity and comprehensibility of the Remuneration
Report it is aiming for.

• In section 2.3.3, it is suggested that the Annual General Meeting be broadcast in its entirety on the internet. Commerzbank
AG broadcasts the speeches of the Chairman of the Supervisory

• Section 5.3.3 of the Code recommends that the Supervisory

Board and the Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors,

Board establish a nomination committee made up exclusively

but not the general debate. This liberates shareholders to dis-

of shareholder representatives. Under Art. 25d (11) sentence 2

cuss matters freely with the management, without a wide-scale

no. 1 of the German Banking Act, the nomination committee

public broadcast.

must support the Supervisory Board in identifying candidates
to fill positions on bank management bodies. At Commerzbank
AG, this task was formerly performed by the Presiding Committee, which also includes employee representatives. In order to

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

23

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-Financial Report

Board of Managing Directors

activities of the company, potential conflicts of interest, the number of independent members of the Supervisory Board pursuant to

The Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank AG is respon-

section 5.4.2 of the Code, an age limit for members of the Super-

sible for independently managing the Bank in the Bank’s best in-

visory Board, a limit on the normal length of service on the board

terest. In doing so, it must take into account the interests of share-

and diversity. The special requirements of the German co-

holders, customers, employees and other stakeholders, with the

determination legislation need to be taken into account for the

objective of sustainable value creation. It develops the company’s

elected employee representatives.

strategy, discusses it with the Supervisory Board and ensures its

In accordance with section 5.4.1 (4) of the Code, the appoint-

implementation. In addition, it sees that efficient risk management

ments proposed by the Supervisory Board to the AGM should take

and risk control measures are in place. The Board of Managing

account of the Supervisory Board’s objectives and targets while

Directors manages the Commerzbank Group as the Group execu-

also seeking to fulfil the profile of skills and expertise for the board

tive body on the basis of uniform guidelines and exercises general

as a whole. Progress in implementing the targets should be pub-

control over all group companies. The board conducts the Bank’s

lished in the Corporate Governance Report.

sociation, its rules of procedure, internal guidelines and the rele-

The Supervisory Board of Commerzbank AG has approved the
following concrete objectives:

vant employment contracts. It cooperates on a basis of trust with

The composition of the Supervisory Board should be such that,

Commerzbank AG’s other corporate bodies, the employee repre-

overall, its members have the necessary skills, expertise, experi-

sentatives and the corporate bodies of other Group companies.

ence and knowledge to be able to perform its duties properly. In

The composition of the Board of Managing Directors and the

particular, the Supervisory Board should have all the expertise and

responsibilities of its individual members are presented on page 5 of

experience deemed essential given the activities of the Commerz-

this Annual Report. The work of the Board of Managing Directors is

bank Group. Emphasis should also be placed on appointing mem-

specified in greater detail in its rules of procedure, which may be

bers with particular knowledge and experience of the application

viewed on Commerzbank’s website https://www.commerzbank.com.

of accounting principles and internal control procedures. The

Extensive details of the remuneration paid to the members of

members of the Supervisory Board should also be able to devote

the Board of Managing Directors are given in the Remuneration

sufficient time to the performance of their duties. Members should

Report on pages 27 to 37.

be reliable, and consideration should be given to their commitment, personality, professionalism, integrity and independence.
The Supervisory Board has resolved a detailed profile of skills and

Supervisory Board

expertise for the board as a body, which may be consulted on
Commerzbank’s website at https://www.commerzbank.com. The

The Commerzbank AG Supervisory Board advises and supervises

Supervisory Board takes account of the targets and requirements

the Board of Managing Directors in its management of the Bank. It

set out there in its election proposals to the AGM and the regular

appoints and dismisses members of the Board of Managing Direc-

assessment of the Supervisory Board as a whole and its members.

tors and, together with the Board of Managing Directors, ensures

All targets set by the Supervisory Board for its composition and

that there is long-term succession planning. The Supervisory

the profile of responsibilities were implemented as at 31 Decem-

Board discharges its responsibilities in accordance with legal re-

ber 2017. In accordance with section 5.4.1 (4) of the Code, the

quirements, the Articles of Association and its rules of procedure;

Corporate Governance Report should also provide information on

it cooperates closely and on a basis of trust with the Board of

what in the view of the Supervisory Board is the appropriate num-

Managing Directors.

ber of independent shareholder members and the names of these

The composition of the Supervisory Board and its committees

members. Under section 5.4.2 of the Code, a Supervisory Board

is presented on pages 13 to 15 of this Annual Report. Details on

member is not considered independent if he or she has a personal

the work of this committee and on its structure and control func-

or business relationship with the company, its corporate bodies, a

tion are provided on pages 6 to 12 of the Report of the Supervisory

controlling shareholder or a company affiliated with the control-

Board. Further details on how the Supervisory Board and its com-

ling shareholder that could lead to a significant, not temporary

mittees work can be found in the rules of procedure of the Super-

conflict of interest. The employee representatives are not subject

visory Board, available online at www.commerzbank.com.

to this assessment.

Section 5.4.1 (2) of the Code recommends that the Supervisory
Board should set concrete objectives and draw up a profile of skills
and expertise for the board as a whole. While taking into consideration the company’s specific situation, the composition of the
Supervisory Board should appropriately reflect the international

Corporate Responsibility

business activities in accordance with the law, the Articles of As-

Corporate Responsibility

24

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Applying the above-mentioned criteria, all ten shareholder rep-

The Supervisory Board also wants its members to have a suita-

resentatives can be classified as “independent”, namely Klaus-

ble range of educational and professional backgrounds and for the

Peter Müller, Sabine U. Dietrich, Karl-Heinz Flöther, Dr. Tobias

board to have at least one international member. The Supervisory

Guldimann, Dr Markus Kerber, Dr. Stefan Lippe, Anja Mikus,

Board also considers appropriate female representation when pro-

Dr. Helmut Perlet, Nicholas Teller and Dr. Gertrude Tumpel-

posing candidates to the Annual General Meeting for election. The

Gugerell.

Supervisory Board is keen to at least meet the statutory require-

As 100% of the Supervisory Board members on the sharehold-

ment of a minimum of 30% female representation. It must be

er side are therefore independent, the Supervisory Board’s own

borne in mind that the only way the Supervisory Board is able to

assessment that the Board contains a suitable number of inde-

influence its composition is by the candidates it proposes to the

pendent members is well-founded.

Annual General Meeting for election. The employee representa-

In accordance with section 5.6 of the German Corporate Gov-

tives on the Supervisory Board are also keen to at least maintain

ernance Code, the Supervisory Board reviewed the efficiency of its

the current percentage of female representation of 30% among

work in financial year 2017 as part of the assessment required un-

the employee representatives in the future.

der Art. 25d (11) nos. 3 and 4 of the German Banking Act. The re-

The Supervisory Board met all of the above-mentioned targets

sults of the efficiency audit were presented to the plenary session

in 2017. As at 31 December 2017, the Supervisory Board of

for discussion. The members of the Supervisory Board believe that

Commerzbank AG included three international members and six

the board works in an efficient manner and to a high standard.

women, of whom three were shareholder representatives. The

Suggestions from members of the Supervisory Board have been

percentage of women on the Supervisory Board is therefore 30%

and continue to be taken into account for future activities.

at present.

Under section 5.5.2 of the German Corporate Governance Code

The situation in the Group companies is similar. Where re-

and Art. 3 (6) of the rules of procedure of the Supervisory Board,

quired to by law, they have also set their own targets for the pro-

each member of the Supervisory Board must disclose any conflicts

portion of women on their supervisory boards.

of interest. No member of the Supervisory Board declared such a
conflict of interest during the year under review.
Details of the remuneration paid to the members of the

Diversity policy and targets for the Board of Managing
Directors

Commerzbank AG Supervisory Board are given on pages 37 to 39

The Nomination Committee of Commerzbank AG’s Supervisory

of the Remuneration Report.

Board assists the Supervisory Board in selecting applicants for
positions on the Board of Managing Directors. It takes account of
the balance and range of knowledge, skills and experience of all

Diversity

the board members, draws up a job description with an applicant
profile and indicates the time requirements associated with the

At Commerzbank AG and in the group companies, consideration is

appointment. In making appointments to the Board of Managing

given to diversity in the composition of the Board of Managing

Directors, the Supervisory Board aims to increase diversity, par-

Directors, appointments to management and in recommendations

ticularly with regard to characteristics such as age, education and

for the election of Supervisory Board members (sections 4.1.5,

professional background and to raise the proportion of women.

5.1.2 and 5.4.1 of the Code). The aim is to reduce the risk of prej-

The Supervisory Board also seeks to ensure that a reasonable

udice and “groupthink”. In addition, diversity within the Board of

range of educational and professional backgrounds is represented

Managing Directors and Supervisory Board contributes to a

on the Board of Managing Directors.

broader range of experience and a greater bandwidth in terms of
knowledge, capabilities and expertise.

In terms of the proportion of women on Commerzbank AG’s
Board of Managing Directors, for which the company is required
by law to stipulate a target, the Supervisory Board has set a target

Diversity policy and targets for the Supervisory Board

of at least one female member by 31 December 2021. This target

The Supervisory Board of Commerzbank AG consists of 20 mem-

has already been met.

bers. The target is that the Supervisory Board should always have

Dr. Bettina Orlopp was appointed to the Board of Managing

at least eight members elected by the Annual General Meeting

Directors of Commerzbank AG with effect from 1 November 2017.

who are independent (shareholder representatives) as defined in

She is responsible on the board for the areas she has overseen as

section 5.4.2 of the Code and not more than two former members

Senior General Manager since May 2016: Compliance, Human

of the Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank AG. The Su-

Resources and Legal.

pervisory Board has set a regular age limit of 72 and is aiming for
a broad range of ages within the board.

The proportion of women on Commerzbank AG’s Board of
Managing Directors is therefore 14.3% at present.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

25

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-Financial Report

The situation in the Group companies is similar. Where re-

Accounting

quired to by law, they have also set their own targets for the proportion of women on their management boards.

Accounting in the Commerzbank Group and at Commerzbank AG
gives a true and fair view of the net assets, financial position and

Targets for the first and second levels of management

earnings performance. The Group financial statements and Group

Art. 76 (4) of the German Stock Corporation Act requires the

Management Report are prepared in accordance with International

Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank AG to set targets

Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and the additional require-

for female representation at the two levels of management below

ments of the German Commercial Code; the parent company

the Board of Managing Directors and a deadline for achieving

financial statements and management report of Commerzbank AG

these targets. In accordance with Art. 25 (1) of the Introductory

are prepared in accordance with the provisions of the German

Act of the German Stock Corporation Act, the targets and dead-

Commercial Code. The Group financial statements and parent

lines must be set for the first time and documented by 30 Septem-

company financial statements are prepared by the Board of Manag-

ber 2015. The deadlines specified must be no later than 30 June

ing Directors and approved by the Supervisory Board. The audit is

2017. A maximum period of five years applies to all later deadlines

performed by the auditor elected by the Annual General Meeting.
The Group Management Report also includes a detailed risk

In May 2017, the full Board of Managing Directors therefore set

report, providing information on the Bank’s responsible handling

new targets for female representation in the first and second man-

of the various types of risk. This appears on pages 99 to 134 of this

agement levels of Commerzbank AG in Germany. The target is

Annual Report.

17.5% for the first management level and 20% for the second.

Shareholders and third parties receive additional information

The deadline for achieving the targets is 31 December 2021.

on the course of business during the financial year in the form of

Commerzbank AG has therefore set itself ambitious targets. It is an

the semi-annual report as well as in two quarterly reports. These

important objective for the Bank and the Group as a whole to fur-

interim financial statements are also prepared in accordance with

ther increase the number of women in management positions.

International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

As at 31 December 2017, the first management level below the
Board of Managing Directors in Commerzbank AG consisted of 35
people, of whom 30 were male and 5 female. The percentage of
women in the first level of management below the Board of Man-

Shareholder relations, transparency and
communication

aging Directors was therefore 14.3%.
The second management level below the Board of Managing

The Annual General Meeting of shareholders takes place once a

Directors consisted of 381 people, 319 of whom were male and 62

year. It decides upon the appropriation of distributable profit (if

female. The percentage of women in the second level of manage-

any) and approves the actions of the Board of Managing Directors

ment below the Board of Managing Directors was thus 16.3%.

and the Supervisory Board, the appointment of the auditors and

The Board of Managing Directors chose not to set targets for

any amendments to the Articles of Association.

the first and second levels of management at Group level. Instead,

If necessary, it authorises the Board of Managing Directors to

the individual Group companies have set their own targets within

undertake capital-raising measures and approves the conclusion of

the statutory framework.

profit and loss transfer agreements. Each share entitles the holder

In the Group, the first management level below the Board of

to one vote.

Managing Directors consisted of 41 people, of whom 36 were

In 2015, the Board of Managing Directors and the Supervisory

male and 5 female. The percentage of women in the first level of

Board, as is permitted under Art. 120 (4) of the German Stock

management below the Board of Managing Directors was thus

Corporation Act, gave the Annual General Meeting the opportunity

12.2% as at 31 December 2017.

to vote on the approval of the remuneration system for members of

The second management level below the Board of Managing Di-

the Board of Managing Directors. The 2015 Annual General Meet-

rectors consisted of 459 people, 390 of whom were male and 69 fe-

ing approved the principles of the variable remuneration system

male. This means that the percentage of women in the second level

and the fixed basic annual salary for members of the Board of

of management below the Board of Managing Directors was 15%.

Managing Directors.

Corporate Responsibility

under Art. 76 (4) of the German Stock Corporation Act.

Corporate Responsibility

26

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The 2015 Annual General Meeting also voted on the ratio of

Commerzbank AG informs the public – and consequently share-

variable to fixed annual remuneration for members of the Board of

holders as well – about the Bank’s financial position and earnings

Managing Directors pursuant to Art. 25a (5) sentence 5 of the

performance four times a year. Corporate news items that may affect

German Banking Act and approved an increase in the cap on vari-

the share price are also published in the form of ad hoc releases.

able annual remuneration for members of the Board of Managing

This ensures that all shareholders are treated equally. The Board of

Directors of Commerzbank AG to 140% of the respective fixed

Managing Directors reports on the annual financial statements and

annual remuneration set from 2015 onwards.

the quarterly results in press conferences and analysts’ meetings.

The Bank’s shareholders may submit recommendations or oth-

Commerzbank increasingly uses the possibilities offered by the in-

er statements by letter or e-mail, or may present them in person.

ternet for reporting purposes, offering a wealth of information about

The Bank’s head office quality management unit is responsible for

the Commerzbank Group at https://www.commerzbank.com. Mate-

dealing with written communication. At the Annual General Meet-

rials including the Commerzbank Articles of Association and the

ing, the Board of Managing Directors or the Supervisory Board

rules of procedure of the Board of Managing Directors and the Su-

comment or reply directly. At the same time, shareholders may

pervisory Board are available online. The financial calendar for the

influence the course of the Annual General Meeting by means of

current and the forthcoming year is also published in the Annual

countermotions or supplementary motions to the agenda. Share-

Report and on the internet. This contains the dates of all significant

holders may also apply for an Extraordinary General Meeting to be

financial communications, notably the annual press conference and

convened. The reports and documents required by law for the An-

analyst conferences and the date of the Annual General Meeting.

nual General Meeting, including the Annual Report, may be downloaded from the internet, and the same applies to the agenda for

We feel an obligation to communicate openly and transparently

the Annual General Meeting and any countermotions or supple-

with our shareholders and all other stakeholders. We intend to

mentary motions.

continue to meet this obligation in the future.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

27

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-Financial Report

Remuneration Report
The following Remuneration Report is also part of the Group Man-

consist of the use of a company car with driver, security measures

agement Report.

and insurance contributions (accident insurance), as well as the
tax thereon. Members are also entitled to company pension ar-

This report follows the recommendations of the German Corporate

rangements, which are set down in pension agreements and de-

Governance Code and complies with the requirements of the In-

scribed in a separate section below.

ternational Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

Performance-related remuneration components (variable
remuneration)

Board of Managing Directors

The remuneration system provides for a uniform variable remuneration component linked to the achievement of targets set by the
Supervisory Board at the start of each financial year. The variable
remuneration is determined by (i) EVA target achievement by the
Commerzbank Group, (ii) target achievement by the department
(segment and/or shared functions) for which the member of the

The Supervisory Board ratified the current remuneration system

Board of Managing Directors in question is responsible, and (iii)

for the members of the Board of Managing Directors in December

the achievement of individual performance targets. Goal achieve-

2014; it has been in force since 1 January 2015. It had become

ment for the Group, the department and the individual perfor-

necessary to introduce a new system to bring the remuneration of

mance can be between 0% and 200%; however, overall goal

the Board of Managing Directors into line with new and/or

achievement from these three components is limited to 150%. The

amended rules under the Capital Requirements Directive IV, the

total goal achievement amount is arrived at by multiplying the

German Banking Act and the Remuneration Ordinance for Institu-

overall goal achievement level by the target amount. The total goal

tions. The system also needed to be simplified, so as to improve its

achievement amount is therefore capped at a maximum of 150%

transparency and its clarity in respect of success measurement.

of a member’s target amount.

However, the components of the old system that had not been paid
out in full by 1 January 2015 continue to be governed exclusively

Target amount The target amount for variable remuneration is

by the rules of that system, which is described in the 2014 Remu-

ř1,000,000 for the ordinary members of the Board of Managing

neration Report. At present this still applies to the long-term re-

Directors and ř1,628,640 for the Chairman, based on goal

muneration components (LTI components) from financial years

achievement of 100 %. The Supervisory Board may reduce the

2013 and 2014. Over the course of financial year 2018 the Super-

target amount if this is necessary to comply with the maximum

visory Board will amend the remuneration system to bring it into

ratio of fixed to variable remuneration. This can happen if non-

line with the revised version of the Remuneration Ordinance for

monetary benefits or the service cost for the company pension

Institutions of 4 August 2017.

arrangements for members of the Board of Managing Directors
are reduced, as these are both included in the fixed remuneration.

Main features of the current remuneration system
The core elements of the remuneration system are a fixed basic

Target setting Before the beginning of each financial year, the

annual salary plus variable remuneration with a uniform target

Supervisory Board sets targets for the members of the Board of

amount. The appropriateness of the fixed basic annual salary and

Managing Directors:

the variable remuneration is checked at regular two-yearly intervals. The 2015 Annual General Meeting approved the remunera-

• Company targets The Supervisory Board sets targets for eco-

tion system and an upper limit for variable remuneration of 140%

nomic value added (EVA) or other measures that it may choose

of fixed remuneration.

for the Group and the departments for which a member of the
Board of Managing Directors in question is responsible and de-

Fixed remuneration components

termines what level of target attainment corresponds to what

The fixed remuneration components include the basic annual salary

percentage.

and non-monetary elements. The basic annual salary is ř750
thousand for ordinary members of the Board of Managing Direc-

• Individual targets The Supervisory Board also sets specific

tors. The Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors receives

individual quantitative and/or qualitative targets for the mem-

1.75 times this amount, i.e. ř1,312,500. This is payable in 12

bers of the Board of Managing Directors.

equal monthly instalments. The non-monetary elements mainly

Corporate Responsibility

Remuneration system for the Board of Managing
Directors

Corporate Responsibility

28

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Target achievement Following the end of each financial year, the

Long-Term Incentive (LTI) The remaining 60% of the variable

Supervisory Board decides on the extent to which the targets were

remuneration takes the form of a Long-Term Incentive. Entitle-

achieved. Measurement of target achievement for company targets

ment to the LTI arises only after the end of a five-year retention

is based 70% on the Group’s business success and 30% on the

period and subject to a retrospective performance evaluation. The

results and target achievement of the department for which the

retrospective performance evaluation can result in the LTI being

member in question is responsible. These measurements are over

reduced or cancelled completely. This mainly applies when facts

a three-year period, with achievement of the company targets for

subsequently emerge which reveal that the original calculation of

the financial year in question given a 3/6 weighting, the previous

target achievement was incorrect, or the Bank’s capital adequacy

year 2/6 and the year before that 1/6. A transitional arrangement

has significantly deteriorated due to circumstances related to that

applies to the first two years for newly appointed members of the

financial year. This would also apply if there had been a significant

Board of Managing Directors. The results of the three-year

failure in risk management in that financial year at Group level or

achievement of the company targets are then multiplied by a fac-

in a department for which the member is responsible, or if the

tor of between 0.7 and 1.3, which is dependent on the achieve-

Bank’s financial position at the time of the retrospective perfor-

ment of the individual targets of the member of the Board of Man-

mance evaluation or at the end of the ensuing waiting period pre-

aging Directors. 0.7 corresponds to individual target achievement

cludes payment. The LTI element resulting from the retrospective

of 0% (minimum), 1.0 to individual target achievement of 100%

performance evaluation is payable half in cash and half after a fur-

and 1.3 to individual target achievement of 200% (maximum). For

ther 12-month waiting period, also in cash but share-based. As

intermediate values, the Supervisory Board defines the factors in

with the share-based part of the STI, this half is linked to the per-

increments when setting the targets. Variable remuneration will

formance of the Commerzbank share since the end of the financial

only be applied if the Group achieves a profit before taxes and

year in respect of which the LTI was awarded. The share-based

non-controlling interests according to IFRS.

half of the LTI therefore reflects the performance of the Commerz-

The Supervisory Board may resolve to reduce or cancel the variable remuneration if necessary, for example to take account of the

bank share during the five-year retention period and the subsequent waiting period.

Bank’s risk-bearing capacity or ability to ensure that it can mainterm or to safeguard its ability to meet the capital buffer require-

Remuneration for serving on the boards of consolidated
companies

ments of the German Banking Act. If predefined levels are not met,

The remuneration accruing to an individual member of the Board

the Supervisory Board must cancel the variable remuneration. The

of Managing Directors from serving on the boards of consolidated

Supervisory Board must also cancel the variable remuneration of a

companies counts towards the total remuneration paid to that

member of the Board of Managing Directors if said member has

member of the Board of Managing Directors.

tain or rebuild sufficient capital or liquidity resources over the long

committed a serious breach of duty during the financial year in
question up to the determination of target achievement.

Pension provision
Rules for members of the Board of Managing Directors in office

Short-Term Incentive (STI) 40% of the variable remuneration

in 2011 The occupational pension scheme adopted in 2011 by

takes the form of a Short-Term Incentive. Entitlement to the STI

the Supervisory Board for members of the Board of Managing Di-

arises upon determination by the Supervisory Board of the total

rectors contains a contribution-based defined benefit for members

target achievement amount for variable remuneration and its noti-

of the Board of Managing Directors in office at the time.

fication to the member of the Board of Managing Directors. Half of

Each member of the Board of Managing Directors receives a

the component is payable in cash, the other half is payable after a

credit of a pension module to their pension account every year

12-month waiting period, also in cash but share-based. This half is

until the end of their appointment as such. The pension module for

linked to the performance of the Commerzbank share since the

a calendar year is calculated by converting the relevant annual

end of the financial year in respect of which the STI was awarded.

contribution into an entitlement to a retirement, disability and surviving dependants’ pension. The pension account represents the
retirement pension entitlement the member of the Board of Managing Directors has accrued. Since 2015, increases in the fixed
annual salary only increase the pension module if resolved by the
Supervisory Board.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

29

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-Financial Report

A member of the Board of Managing Directors receives a re-

Rules for Board members who were appointed after the new

tirement benefit in the form of a life-long pension, subject to the

provisions came into effect Pension provision for members of

following conditions, provided their term of office has ended:

the Board of Managing Directors appointed after the new provisions came into effect was defined according to the Commerzbank

• an old-age pension if the member has reached their 65th birthday, or

• an early retirement pension if (i) the Board member has
reached their 62nd birthday but not their 65th, or (ii) the Board

capital plan for company pension benefits. A member of the Board
of Managing Directors receives a retirement benefit in the form of
a capital sum, subject to the following conditions, provided their
term of office has ended:

member has served at least 10 years on the Board of Managing
served at least 15 years on the Board of Managing Directors, or

• a disability pension if the Board member is permanently unable
to work.

• they have reached their 65th birthday (retirement capital), or
• they have reached their 62nd but not their 65th birthday (early
retirement capital), or

• they are permanently unable to work before their 62nd birthday.

If a member of the Board of Managing Directors leaves the

If a member of the Board of Managing Directors leaves the

Bank before the pension benefits become due, any entitlement to

Bank before the pension benefits become due, any entitlement to

vested benefits that they have already accrued is retained.

vested benefits that they have already accrued is retained.

The monthly amount of the retirement pension is calculated as

For each calendar year during the current employment rela-

a twelfth of the amount in the pension account when the pension

tionship until pension benefits start to be paid out, each member

benefits start.

of the Board of Managing Directors joining after the new rules

When calculating the early retirement pension, the pension will

came into effect is credited an annual module equating to 40% of

be reduced to reflect the fact that the payments are starting earlier.

the fixed basic annual salary (annual contribution), multiplied by

If the disability pension is taken before the age of 55, the

an age-dependent conversion factor. Under this system too, since

monthly amount is supplemented by an additional amount.

2015 increases in the fixed annual salary only increase the annual

If they retire after reaching the age of 62, members of the

module if resolved by the Supervisory Board. Until the member of

Board of Managing Directors can elect to receive a lump-sum

the Board of Managing Directors leaves, the annual modules are

payment or nine annual instalments instead of an ongoing pen-

managed in a pension account. Upon reaching their 61st birthday,

sion. In this case, the amount paid out is calculated using a capi-

an additional 2.5% of the amount in the pension account at the

talisation rate based on the age of the Board member.

end of the previous year is credited to the pension account of the

Instead of their pension, members of the Board of Managing
Directors will continue to receive their pro-rata basic salary for
six months as a form of transitional pay if they leave the Board on
or after their 62nd birthday or they are permanently unable to

member of the Board of Managing Directors on an annual basis
until the pension benefits start to be paid out.
The annual contribution is invested in investment funds and
placed in a virtual custody account.

work. The transitional pay can be reduced, especially in the event

The retirement capital or the early retirement capital will corre-

of misconduct. If a member of the Board of Managing Directors

spond to the amount in the virtual custody account or the amount

receives an early retirement pension and has not yet reached

in the pension account when the pension benefits start to be paid

their 62nd birthday, earned income from other activities will be

out, whichever is higher. Under these rules, the amount in the

deducted from the pension entitlement at a rate of 50% until that

pension account represents the minimum capital payment, where

age is reached.

the amount in the virtual custody account is less. As an alternative

The surviving dependants’ pension for a surviving spouse or
partner is 66 2/3% of the pension entitlements of the member of

to the lump-sum payment, the member of the Board of Managing
Directors may elect to receive a life-long pension.

the Board of Managing Directors. If no surviving dependant’s

For the first two months after the pension benefits become due,

pension is paid to a surviving spouse or partner, minors or chil-

the member of the Board of Managing Directors will receive tran-

dren still in full-time education are entitled to an orphan’s pen-

sitional pay of one-twelfth of their fixed basic annual salary per

sion amounting to 25% each of the pension entitlement of the

month. The transitional pay can be reduced, especially in the event

member of the Board of Managing Directors, subject to a maxi-

of misconduct.

mum overall limit of the surviving dependant’s pension of a surviving spouse or partner.

If a member of the Board of Managing Directors dies before the
pension benefits become due, their dependants are entitled to receive the dependants’ capital, which corresponds to the amount in
the virtual custody account on the value date or the sum of the
amount in the pension account and any additional amount, which-

Corporate Responsibility

Directors and has reached their 58th birthday, or (iii) has

30

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

ever is higher. An additional amount is payable if, at the time when

ceiving a pension, a surviving spouse or partner receives a surviv-

pension benefits became due through inability to work or at the

ing dependant’s pension of 60% of the pension last paid to the

time of death, the Board member had served at least five consecu-

member.

tive years on the Bank’s Board of Managing Directors and had not

The table below shows the annual pension entitlements at pen-

yet reached their 55th birthday. If the member of the Board of

sionable age of 62 for active members of the Board of Managing

Managing Directors has exercised the option in favour of a pen-

Directors on 31 December 2017, the corresponding actuarial net

sion, in the event of their death as a prospective member the sur-

present values on 31 December 2017, the service costs for 2017

viving spouse or partner receives a surviving dependant’s pension

contained in the net present value, and comparable amounts for

calculated based on the retirement capital using actuarial rules. If

the previous year:

the member of the Board of Managing Directors was already re-

ř1,000

Corporate Responsibility

Martin Zielke
Martin Blessing1
Frank Annuscheit
Markus Beumer2
Dr. Marcus Chromik3
Stephan Engels
Michael Mandel5
Dr. Bettina Orlopp6
Michael Reuther
Total

Service costs

Pension entitlements
Projected annual pension at
pensionable age of 62
As at 31.12.

Net present values of
pension entitlements

2017
2016
2017
2016
2017
2016

237
194
–
332
224
202

5,999
4,967
–
7,706
5,525
5,035

1,095
833
–
171
536
454

2017
2016
2017
2016
2017
2016
2017
2016
2017
2016
2017
2016
2017
2016

–
187
434
234
1094
954
324
134
34
–
258
236

–
4,011
682
344
1,945
1,606
519
193
56
–
6,711
6,165
21,437
30,027

–
352
342
306
321
311
329
175
56
–
569
497
3,248
3,099

As at 31.12.

1

Martin Blessing’s term of office as Chairman and member of the Board of Managing Directors ended Details of remuneration of the Board of Managing Directors on 30 April 2016.
Markus Beumer’s term of office as a member of the Board of Managing Directors ended on 31 October 2016.
3
Dr. Markus Chromik was appointed as a member of the Board of Managing Directors from 1 January 2016.
4
Capital sum annualised.
5
Michael Mandel was appointed as a member of the Board of Managing Directors from 23 May 2016.
6
Dr. Bettina Orlopp was appointed as a member of the Board of Managing Directors from 1 November 2017.
2

The assets backing these pension obligations have been transferred

member continues to receive the basic annual salary and variable

under a contractual trust arrangement to Commerzbank Pension-

remuneration – subject to Art. 615 sentence 2 of the German Civil

Trust e. V.

Code (offsetting of remuneration otherwise acquired) – beyond the

As at 31 December 2017, defined benefit obligations for mem-

end of employment until the end of the original term of office.

bers of the Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft Board of Managing

From the moment the term of office is ended, the average target

Directors active in 2017 totalled ř21.4m (previous year: ř30.0m).

achievement of the other members of the Board of Managing
Directors for the year in question will be used for target achieve-

Rules for termination of office If the term of office of a member

ment. The variable remuneration also remains subject to the rules

of the Board of Managing Directors is effectively terminated, the

of the remuneration system, including the retrospective perfor-

following applies:

mance evaluation.

If the term of office of a member of the Board of Managing

If, in the case of premature termination of the term of office,

Directors ends prematurely, the employment contract usually ex-

the contract of employment ends for reasons other than the linking

pires six months later (linking clause). In this case, the Board

clause described above, the fixed basic annual salary will continue

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

31

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-Financial Report

to be paid – on a pro-rata basis where applicable – until the end of
the contract of employment. The variable remuneration communicated for financial years prior to the termination of the contract of

Details of remuneration of the Board of
Managing Directors in accordance with the
German Corporate Governance Code

the final year in office is reduced on a pro-rata basis where appli-

Under 4.2.5 of the 7 February 2017 edition of the German Corpo-

cable. In this case too, the variable remuneration also remains

rate Governance Code, the benefits granted for the year under re-

subject to the rules of the remuneration system, including the ret-

view and the allocation made (actual payouts made) for the year

rospective performance evaluation.

under review should be reported for each member of the Board of

If the contract of employment is not extended upon expiry of

Managing Directors. This should be broken down into fixed remu-

the current term of office, without there being good cause within

neration, company benefits and one-year and multi-year variable

the meaning of Art. 626 of the German Civil Code, or if the con-

remuneration.

tract of employment ends as a result of a linking clause as de-

As the model tables recommended by the German Corporate

scribed above, the member of the Board of Managing Directors

Governance Code do not take account of the specificities of the

will continue to receive his or her basic annual salary for a period

Remuneration Ordinance for Institutions, and hence are less suita-

of six months after the end of the original term of office. This

ble for institutions such as Commerzbank, the Bank has designed

payment ceases as soon as the member of the Board of Managing

its own tables, which provide transparent and comprehensible in-

Directors starts to receive pension payments.

formation on its remuneration system for members of the Board of

In all these cases, the specified payments for the time after the

Managing Directors. Commerzbank has decided not to use the

effective termination of the term of office may not exceed two

model tables in the Code, because this would undermine the clari-

years’ annual remuneration1 (cap).

ty and comprehensibility of the Remuneration Report it is aiming

If upon termination of a term of office or non-extension of an

for. Commerzbank also stated this in its declaration of compliance

appointment the conditions apply for extraordinary termination of

pursuant to Art. 161 of the Stock Corporation Act. Unlike the

the employment contract pursuant to Art. 626 of the German Civil

presentation last year, both the benefit and allocation tables below

Code, the member of the Board of Managing Directors will receive

no longer distinguish between one-year and multi-year variable

no variable remuneration for the last year of his/her term of office.

remuneration, but instead between short-term and long-term re-

The same applies where a member of the Board of Managing Di-

muneration. This is because the total variable remuneration regu-

rectors resigns his/her mandate without good cause accepted by

larly includes the achievement of company targets over a period of

the Bank. In both these cases, the same applies to the fixed basic

three years. The only exceptions are due to a transitional ar-

annual salary from the end of the month in which the term of of-

rangement for newly appointed members of the Board of Manag-

fice ends. If the term of office is terminated because of a serious

ing Directors in the first and second years of their appointment.

breach of duty, the variable remuneration for the year in which the

Variable short-term remuneration is the Short-Term Incentive un-

term of office ended and variable remuneration not yet paid out in

der the current remuneration system. This is paid out half in cash

respect of previous years shall not be payable.

after the end of the financial year and half in the form of shares
after a 12-month waiting period, i.e. in the short term. Entitlement

Other

to the long-term portion, the Long-Term Incentive, arises only af-

No members of the Board of Managing Directors received pay-

ter the end of a five-year retention period and subject to a retro-

ments or promises of payment from third parties in the year under

spective performance evaluation. The pension expense for pension

review in respect of their work as a member of the Board of Man-

provision for the individual members of the Board of Managing

aging Directors.

Directors is shown in the above table in the service cost column.
Pension expense is therefore not shown again in either the allocation or the benefit tables.

1

The cap is twice the basic annual salary including company benefits (in particular the use of a company car with driver, security measures
and insurance premiums (accident insurance)) plus the average variable compensation notified for the three previous financial years before
termination of the term of office.

Corporate Responsibility

employment remains unaffected. The variable remuneration for

32

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The following tables show the actual allocations in 2017 with

for 2017 and for which all the parameters are fixed at the end of

the figures from the previous year for comparison for each indi-

the year, is shown as an allocation for 2017 even though the actual

vidual member of the Board of Managing Directors. The allocation

payment is not made until 2018. Equally, the STI 2016 paid out in

“for” the year means for example that the STI 2017 paid in cash

cash in 2017 is shown as an allocation for 2016.

Allocation

Martin Zielke

Martin Blessing

Frank Annuscheit

Chairman

former Chairman

Chief Operating Officer

(since 1 May 2016)

(until 30 April 2016)

ř1,000
2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

1,313

1,125

–

438

750

750

129

118

–

101

92

124

1,442

1,243

–

539

842

874

415

284

238

242

273

224

STI 2014 in virtual shares (up to Q1/2016)

–

96

–

168

–

100

STI 2015 in virtual shares (up to Q1/2017)

128

–

238

–

115

–

STI 2016 in cash

–

188

–

74

–

124

STI 2017 in cash

287

–

–

–

158

–

178

73

311

0

182

70

–

73

–

0

–

70

178

–

311

–

182

–

2,035

1,600

549

781

1,297

1,168

Basic salary
Accessory considerations
Sub-total

Corporate Responsibility

Short term variable remuneration

Long term variable remuneration
LTI 2013 in cash (up to 31.12.2016)1
LTI 2014 in cash (up to 31.12.2017)
Total
1

Martin Blessing, former Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors, waived all entitlement to variable remuneration for 2012 and 2013.

Allocation

Markus Beumer

Dr. Marcus Chromik

Stephan Engels

ř1,000

Mittelstandsbank

Chief Risk Officer

Chief Financial Officer

(until 31 October 2016)

(since 1. January 2016)

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

Basic salary

–

625

750

750

750

750

Accessory considerations

–

69

71

84

122

114

Sub-total

–

694

821

834

872

864

Short term variable remuneration

107

164

186

118

285

215

STI 2014 in virtual shares (up to Q1/2016)

–

89

–

–

–

89

STI 2015 in virtual shares (up to Q1/2017)

107

–

–

–

115

–

–

75

–

118

–

126

STI 2016 in cash
STI 2017 in cash

–

–

186

–

170

–

169

64

–

–

169

64

LTI 2013 in cash (up to 31.12.2016)

–

64

–

–

–

64

LTI 2014 in cash (up to 31.12.2017)

169

–

–

–

169

–

276

922

1,007

952

1,326

1,143

Long term variable remuneration

Total

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

33

Allocation
ř1,000

Michael Mandel

Dr. Bettina Orlopp

Michael Reuther

Private and SmallBusiness Customers

Group Compliance,
Group Human Resources,
Group Legal

Corporate Clients,
Group Treasury

(since 23 May 2016)

(since 1 November 2017)

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

Basic salary

750

456

125

–

750

750

Accessory considerations

102

58

20

–

130

125

Sub-total

852

514

145

–

880

875

Short term variable remuneration

170

76

30

–

251

195

STI 2014 in virtual shares (up to Q1/2016)

–

–

–

–

–

93

STI 2015 in virtual shares (up to Q1/2017)

–

–

–

–

123

–

STI 2016 in cash

–

76

–

–

–

102

STI 2017 in cash

170

–

30

–

128

–

–

–

–

–

174

70

LTI 2013 in cash (up to 31.12.2016)

–

–

–

–

–

70

LTI 2014 in cash (up to 31.12.2017)

–

–

–

–

174

–

1,022

590

175

–

1,305

1,140

Long term variable remuneration

Total

The following table shows the benefits, comprising fixed remu-

Of the total goal achievement amount and the minimum and

neration (basic salary and company benefits) and variable remu-

maximum values shown, 40% relate to short-term variable remu-

neration in the amount of the total goal achievement amount set,

neration (STI). Of the total goal achievement amount and the min-

the short-term and long-term portions of variable remuneration

imum and maximum values shown, 60% relate to long-term vari-

and the minimum and maximum amounts of total variable remu-

able remuneration (LTI). In each case, half of the remuneration

neration for each individual member of the Board of Managing

components is share-based. The comparison figures for 2016 have

Directors.

been adjusted to this method to allow comparability with the data

Unlike the model table of the German Corporate Governance

for 2017.

Code for benefits granted, the variable remuneration granted is

At its meeting on 7 February 2018 the Supervisory Board set

not shown as the target value, i.e. the value if target achievement

the total goal achievement amounts for variable remuneration of

is 100%, or a comparable figure in a medium probability scenario.

the individual members of the Board of Managing Directors for

Instead, the total goal achievement amounts set by the Superviso-

2017. The total goal achievement amount is not necessarily the

ry Board are shown for each member of the Board of Managing

same as any amount subsequently paid out. Firstly, the Superviso-

Directors. The table takes into account the actual target achieve-

ry Board may reduce the portion relating to the LTI at the retro-

ment of the members of the Board of Managing Directors and is

spective performance evaluation if hindsight indicates that this

therefore more meaningful in respect of the variable remuneration

was not originally calibrated correctly. Secondly, half of the varia-

for the past financial year than if a hypothetical target achievement

ble remuneration is share-based. Any changes in the Commerz-

of 100% were shown.

bank share price compared to the conversion price therefore result
in changes in the amounts paid out.

Corporate Responsibility

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-Financial Report

34

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Benefits

Fixed
remuneration

ř1,000

Basic
salary

Martin Zielke
Martin Blessing
Frank Annuscheit

Corporate Responsibility

Markus Beumer
Dr. Marcus Chromik
Stephan Engels
Michael Mandel
Dr. Bettina Orlopp
Michael Reuther
Total

1

Variable remuneration

Accessory
considerations1

Short term

Long term

Benefited
total remuneration2

Total goal
achievement
amount

STI in
cash

STI in
virtual
shares

LTI in
cash

LTI in
virtual
shares

min

max3

2017

1,313

129

287

287

430

430

1,433

0

2,443

2,875

20164

1,125

118

188

188

282

282

939

0

2,130

2,182

2017

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

20165

438

101

74

74

111

111

369

0

816

908

2017

750

92

158

158

237

237

790

0

1,500

1,632

2016

750

124

124

124

186

186

620

0

1,500

1,494

2017

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

20166

625

69

75

75

113

113

375

0

1,250

1,069

2017

750

71

186

186

279

279

930

0

1,500

1,751

2016

750

84

118

118

177

177

590

0

1,500

1,424

2017

750

122

170

170

255

255

850

0

1,500

1,722

2016

750

114

126

126

188

188

628

0

1,500

1,492

2017

750

102

170

170

255

255

850

0

1,500

1,702

20167

456

58

76

76

114

114

380

0

729

894

2017

293

125

20

30

30

44

44

148

0

250

2016

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

2017

750

130

128

128

192

192

640

0

1,500

1,520

2016

750

125

102

102

153

153

510

0

1,500

1,385

2017

5,188

666

1,129

1,129

1,692

1,692

5,641

0 10,193

11,495

2016

5,644

793

883

883

1,324

1,324

4,411

0 10,925

10,848

8

Non-monetary benefits granted, tax due on non-monetary benefits and employer contributions to the BVV occupational retirement fund are shown under company benefits.
Total remuneration does not include pension expense. This is shown in the section on pension provision.
3
Maximum amount in the relevant year, i.e. excluding any rise in the share price for share-based remuneration.
4
Martin Zielke was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors from 1 May 2016.
5
Martin Blessing’s term of office as Chairman and member of the Board of Managing Directors ended on 30 April 2016.
6
Markus Beumer’s term of office as a member of the Board of Managing Directors ended on 31 October 2016.
7
Michael Mandel was appointed as a member of the Board of Managing Directors from 23 May 2016.
8
Dr. Bettina Orlopp was appointed as a member of the Board of Managing Directors from 1 November 2017.
2

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

35

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-Financial Report

Details of remuneration of the Board of
Managing Directors pursuant to German
Reporting Standard no. 17 (DRS 17)

year under review, nor is it an amount paid out. Disclosure is however required for accounting reasons.
Under DRS 17, payments only have to be disclosed if they have
been granted on a legally binding basis. For both the cash compo-

The remuneration of the Board of Managing Directors is shown

nents and the share-based components of the LTI under the cur-

below in accordance with the rules of DRS 17. The amounts shown

rent remuneration system this only takes place once the retrospec-

differ from those reported above based on the German Corporate

tive performance evaluation has been carried out and the five-year

Governance Code. This is because reporting under DRS 17 in-

retention period has expired. The retrospective performance eval-

volves special rules. The main differences that lead to different

uation for the LTI in respect of 2017 will thus not be carried out by

figures are:

the Supervisory Board until the end of 2022. The cash components
and share-based components of the LTI under the current remuneration system are therefore not included in the table.

system only have to be stated after the retrospective perfor-

However, for the purposes of DRS 17 the grant of the STI

mance assessment has been completed and the five-year reten-

components takes place when they are determined by the Super-

tion period has expired. They are therefore not included in the

visory Board after the end of the financial year in question. The

DRS 17 table, unlike the benefits table based on the rules of the

cash component of the STI is shown at 20% of the total goal

German Corporate Governance Code.

achievement amount. This corresponds to the payout sum. The

• The value of the share-based STI components has to be shown

share-based STI component is linked to the performance of the

in the DRS 17 table using the share price on the day the Super-

Commerzbank share. Under DRS 17, share-based payments have

visory Board set the total goal achievement amounts. There-

to be disclosed at the time the grant becomes legally binding, i.e.

fore, the performance of the Commerzbank share from the start

when they are determined by the Supervisory Board. As payout of

of the year to the day the amount was set is included in the val-

the share-based STI components only takes place after the 12-

ue shown. In the benefits table based on the German Corporate

month waiting period has expired and is dependent on the per-

Governance Code, however, these components are shown at

formance of the Commerzbank share, the table shows only theo-

20% of the total goal achievement amount. This is the value

retical values for these components, not the sums to be paid out.

before conversion into a number of virtual shares and so does

The payout sums are calculated by multiplying the number of vir-

not include share price performance, so the figure is generally

tual shares shown in the STI by the conversion price at the end of

different.

the waiting period.

• Total remuneration under DRS 17 also includes the non-share-

In addition, the table shows the non-share-based cash compo-

based LTI cash component of the remuneration system in place

nents of the 2014 LTI under the remuneration system in place pri-

prior to 31 December 2014 for which all necessary conditions

or to 31 December 2014, as for these components all the condi-

were met in the year under review. Total remuneration for 2017

tions required under DRS 17 were only met once 31 December

therefore also includes the LTI-EVA cash components from fi-

2017 had passed. In line with the requirements of DRS 17, the

nancial year 2014. This is not shown in the benefits table based

share-based components of the 2014 LTI were disclosed in the

on the German Corporate Governance Code, as it was not

Remuneration Report for 2014. Therefore, they do not have to be

granted in 2017.

reported again here.

Total remuneration under DRS 17 cannot therefore be com-

awarding any shares; instead a cash payment is made on the basis

pared with the remuneration granted shown in the table based on

of virtual shares, i.e. based on Commerzbank’s share price per-

the German Corporate Governance Code. The disclosure does not

formance.

The current remuneration system does not involve actually

reflect variable remuneration set by the Supervisory Board for the

Corporate Responsibility

• Under DRS 17 the LTI components of the current remuneration

36

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Fixed components

Performance-related components

ř1,000

with short term incentive

Basic salary

Martin Zielke
Martin Blessing
Frank Annuscheit

Corporate Responsibility

Markus Beumer
Dr. Marcus Chromik
Stephan Engels
Michael Mandel
Dr. Bettina Orlopp
Michael Reuther
Total

1

Accessory
considerations2

STI in cash3

with short
term
incentive1

STI in virtual shares4
Number of
virtual shares
in units

LTI 2014
(prior year
2013)
in cash5

Total
remuneration
under
DRS 176

20177

1,313

129

287

299

23,400

78

2,106

2016

1,125

118

188

208

26,831

73

1,712

20178

–

–

–

–

–

136

136

2016

438

101

74

82

10,548

0

695

2017

750

92

158

165

12,898

80

1,245

2016

750

124

124

137

17,715

70

1,205

20179

–

–

–

–

–

74

74

2016

625

69

75

83

10,715

64

916

201710

750

71

186

194

15,184

–

1,201

2016

750

84

118

130

16,858

–

1,082

2017

750

122

170

177

13,878

74

1,293

2016

750

114

126

139

17,929

64

1,193

201711

750

102

170

177

13,878

–

1,199

2016

456

58

76

84

10,844

–

674

201712

125

20

30

31

2,422

–

206

2016

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

2017

750

130

128

133

10,449

76

1,217

2016

750

125

102

113

14,572

70

1,160

2017

5,188

666

1,129

1,176

92,109

518

8,677

201613

5,644

793

883

976

126,012

341

8,637

The performance-related components with long-term incentive effect are only granted once the Supervisory Board has completed the retrospective performance evaluation after the
end of a five-year retention period. For 2017, that will mean in 2023.
The item “Company benefits” includes non-monetary benefits granted in financial year 2017, tax due on non-monetary benefits and employer contributions to the BVV occupational
retirement fund.
3
Payable in 2018 following determination of the total goal achievement amount for 2017.
4
Payable one year after payment of the STI in cash. The amounts shown represent the values at the time that the variable remuneration was determined in February 2018. The payout
is dependent on the future performance of the Commerzbank share price. The number of virtual shares is calculated using the proportion of the total goal achievement amount and
the average Commerzbank share price during November and December 2017.
5
Under DRS 17, the LTI-EVA cash component still due for 2014 after the end of the four-year period from 2014 to 2017 and the approval of the annual financial statements for 2017
have to be reported. The cash element of the 2014 LTI share components and the share elements of both of these LTI components were already disclosed in the Annual Report 2014
and, therefore, do not need to be reported again under DRS 17.
Martin Blessing, former Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors, waived his entire entitlement to variable remuneration for financial years 2012 and 2013.
6
The amounts disclosed as total remuneration in accordance with DRS 17 for financial year 2017 include only those components in respect of which the members of the Board of
Managing Directors already have a legally binding entitlement. As such, the amounts disclosed as total remuneration in accordance with DRS 17 do not include the LTI components
for financial year 2017, as there is no such entitlement until after the retrospective performance evaluation and the five-year retention period.
7
Martin Zielke was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors from 1 May 2016.
8
Martin Blessing’s term of office as Chairman and member of the Board of Managing Directors ended on 30 April 2016.
9
Markus Beumer’s term of office as a member of the Board of Managing Directors ended on 31 October 2016.
10
Dr. Markus Chromik was appointed as a member of the Board of Managing Directors from 1 January 2016.
11
Michael Mandel was appointed as a member of the Board of Managing Directors from 23 May 2016.
12
Dr. Bettina Orlopp was appointed as a member of the Board of Managing Directors from 1 November 2017.
13
The total amounts for the 2013 LTI and total remuneration in 2016 are lower than reported in the 2016 Remuneration Report. This is because the 2013 LTI for Dr. Stefan Schmittmann
of ř67 thousand is no longer included in the totals for 2016, as his term of office ended on 31 December 2015.
2

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

37

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-Financial Report

Further mandatory disclosures in accordance
with IFRS 2

Supervisory Board

In light of the three-year period that underlies the current remu-

Principles of the remuneration system and
remuneration for financial year 2017

neration system and is used to calculate target achievement, proyears were disclosed in the last financial year in compliance with

The remuneration of the Supervisory Board is regulated in Art. 15

IFRS 2. The expenses disclosed below for 2017 therefore do not

of the Articles of Association; the current version was approved by

reflect either the amounts to be disclosed under DRS 17 or actual

the AGM on 20 April 2016. These provisions applied for the first

expectations or payouts.

time with effect from 1 January 2016. Under the new remuneration

The share-based remuneration recorded as expenses under

system, members of the Supervisory Board receive basic remuner-

IFRS 2 for financial year 2017 totalled ř3,503 thousand, of which

ation of ř80 thousand for each financial year. The Chairman re-

ř856 thousand was for Martin Zielke, ř601 thousand for Dr. Mar-

ceives triple and the Deputy Chairman double this amount.

cus Chromik, ř577 thousand for Michael Mandel, ř485 thousand

Members also receive an additional ř30 thousand annually for

for Stephan Engels, ř455 thousand for Frank Annuscheit, ř370

sitting on either the Audit Committee or the Risk Committee.

thousand for Michael Reuther and ř159 thousand for Dr. Bettina

Members also receive an additional ř20 thousand annually for

Orlopp.

sitting on any other committee of the Supervisory Board that

In 2016, the share-based remuneration recorded as expenses

meets at least once in the calendar year. The committee chairman

under IFRS 2 totalled ř2,320 thousand, of which ř625 thousand

receives double these amounts. Additional remuneration is paid

was for Martin Zielke, ř538 thousand for Dr. Marcus Chromik,

for a maximum of three committee appointments, taking the fig-

ř408 thousand for Michael Mandel, ř331 thousand for Stephan

ures for the three highest paid positions. Members of the Supervi-

Engels, ř327 thousand for Frank Annuscheit, ř230 thousand for

sory Board who only belonged to the Board or one of its commit-

Michael Reuther as well as ř77 thousand for Martin Blessing and

tees for part of a financial year receive remuneration for that year

ř62 thousand for Markus Beumer (including adjustments for 2015

reduced pro rata temporis. In addition, each member of the Su-

as a result of their departure in 2016).

pervisory Board receives an attendance fee of ř1.5 thousand for
each meeting or conference call of the Supervisory Board or one
of its committees. Where several meetings or conference calls take

Loans to members of the Board of Managing
Directors

place on a single day, only one attendance fee is paid. The basic
remuneration, remuneration for serving on committees and attendance fees are payable at the end of the financial year.

Members of the Board of Managing Directors have been granted

Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft reimburses any expenses in-

loans with terms ranging from on demand up to a due date of

curred by members of the Supervisory Board in the performance

2051 and at interest rates ranging between 0.9% and 2.8% and,

of their duties and any VAT due on remuneration or expenses. The

in certain cases, up to 11.9% on amounts overdrawn. Loans are

Chairman of the Supervisory Board is provided with appropriate

secured on normal market terms, if necessary through land charg-

staffing and material support and, in particular, is reimbursed for

es or rights of lien.

travel costs incurred as part of the representative duties arising

As at the reporting date, the aggregate amount of loans granted

from his position and requisite security measures.

to members of the Board of Managing Directors was ř3,129 thou-

Members of the Supervisory Board thus received total net remu-

sand; in the previous year, the figure was ř5,001 thousand. In

neration for financial year 2017 of ř2,936.3 thousand (previous year:

2017, members of the Board of Managing Directors repaid ř153

ř2,944.5 thousand). Of this figure, the basic remuneration amount-

thousand. With the exception of rental guarantees, Commerzbank

ed to ř1,839.8 thousand (previous year: ř1,840.0 thousand) and re-

Group companies did not enter into any contingent liabilities in

muneration for committee memberships to ř765.0 thousand (previ-

favour of members of the Board of Managing Directors in the year

ous year: ř716.0 thousand). Attendance fees were ř331.5 thousand

under review.

(previous year: ř388.5 thousand).
The remuneration is divided between the individual members
of the Supervisory Board as follows:

Corporate Responsibility

rated expenses for share-based remuneration in future financial

38

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

ř1,000

Klaus-Peter Müller
Uwe Tschäge
Hans-Hermann Altenschmidt
Heike Anscheit (since 1 January 2017)
Gunnar de Buhr
Stefan Burghardt

Corporate Responsibility

Sabine Ursula Dietrich
Karl-Heinz Flöther
Dr. Tobias Guldimann (since 3 May 2017)
Stefan Jennes (since 1 February 2017)
Dr. Markus Kerber
Alexandra Krieger
Oliver Leiberich
Dr. Stefan Lippe
Beate Mensch
Anja Mikus
Dr. Roger Müller (until 3 May 2017)
Dr. Helmut Perlet
Barbara Priester (until 31 December 2016)
Mark Roach
Margit Schoffer (until 31 January 2017)
Nicholas Teller
Dr. Gertrude Tumpel-Gugerell
Total

Basic
remuneration

Remuneration
for serving on
committees

Attendance
fee

Total

2017

240.0

120.0

19.5

379.5

2016

240.0

125.9

24.0

389.9

2017

160.0

60.0

15.0

235.0

2016

160.0

60.0

22.5

242.5

2017

80.0

70.0

22.5

172.5

2016

80.0

70.0

30.0

180.0

2017

80.0

0.0

12.0

92.0

2016

–

–

–

–

2017

80.0

49.9

21.0

150.9

2016

80.0

50.0

19.5

149.5

2017

80.0

46.8

18.0

144.8

2016

80.0

20.0

16.5

116.5

2017

80.0

20.0

13.5

113.5

2016

80.0

20.0

16.5

116.5

2017

80.0

30.0

19.5

129.5

2016

80.0

30.0

24.0

134.0

2017

52.7

15.8

10.5

79.0

2016

–

–

–

–

2017

73.3

0.0

12.0

85.3

2016

–

–

–

–

2017

80.0

70.0

21.0

171.0

2016

80.0

70.0

16.5

166.5

2017

80.0

0.0

12.0

92.0

2016

80.0

0.0

16.5

96.5

2017

80.0

0.0

12.0

92.0

2016

80.0

0.0

16.5

96.5

2017

80.0

30.0

13.5

123.5

2016

80.0

30.0

19.5

129.5

2017

80.0

0.0

12.0

92.0

2016

80.0

0.0

13.5

93.5

2017

80.0

50.0

22.5

152.5

2016

80.0

24.8

16.5

121.3

2017

27.1

0.0

3.0

30.1

2016

80.0

0.0

15.0

95.0

2017

80.0

90.0

21.0

191.0

2016

80.0

90.0

24.0

194.0

2017

–

–

–

–

2016

80.0

0.0

15.0

95.0

2017

80.0

0.0

10.5

90.5

2016

80.0

0.0

15.0

95.0

2017

6.7

2.5

1.5

10.7

2016

80.0

30.0

24.0

134.0

2017

80.0

80.0

19.5

179.5

2016

80.0

65.3

21.0

166.3

2017

80.0

30.0

19.5

129.5

2016

80.0

30.0

22.5

132.5

2017

1,839.8

765.0

331.5

2,936.3

2016

1,840.0

716.0

388.5

2,944.5

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

39

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-Financial Report

Members of the Supervisory Board once again provided no adviso-

Other details

ry, intermediary or other personal services in 2017. Accordingly,
no additional remuneration was paid.

D&O liability insurance
Loans to members of the Supervisory Board

There is a Directors and Officers (D&O) liability insurance policy
for members of the Board of Managing Directors and the Supervi-

Members of the Supervisory Board have been granted loans with

sory Board. The excess for members of the Supervisory Board and

terms ranging from on demand up to a due date of 2043 and at

the Board of Managing Directors is set at 10% of the claim up to a

interest rates ranging between 1.0% and 5.1%, and on amounts

maximum of 150% of the fixed annual remuneration for all insur-

overdrawn in certain cases up to 11.4%. Loans are secured on

ance claims made within a single year.

normal market terms, if necessary through land charges or rights
of lien.
As at the reporting date, the aggregate amount of loans granted

Purchase and sale of the Company’s shares

previous year, the figure was ř2,713 thousand. In 2017, members

Art. 19 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 on market abuse requires

of the Supervisory Board repaid ř254 thousand. Commerzbank

disclosure and notification of transactions by managers of listed

Group companies did not enter into any contingent liabilities in

companies and persons closely associated with them. Own trans-

favour of members of the Supervisory Board in the year under

actions by such persons in shares or bonds issued by Commerz-

review.

bank Aktiengesellschaft or in derivatives or other financial instruments based thereon must be disclosed if they exceed an
aggregate volume of ř5 thousand within a calendar year. This duty
of disclosure applies to members of the Board of Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board.
The transactions reported to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
in 2017 are listed below. In each case these involve purchases of
shares of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft:

Date

Disclosing party

3.4.2017
3.4.2017

Relation

Participant

Purchase/
Sale

Amount

Price
ř

Transaction
volume I ř

Martin Zielke

Member of BMD

Purchase

2,150

8.5280

18,335.20

Frank Annuscheit

Member of BMD

Purchase

2,200

8.5200

18,744.00

3.4.2017

Stephan Engels

Member of BMD

Purchase

1,900

8.5012

16,152.27

3.4.2017

Michael Reuther

Member of BMD

Purchase

2,000

8.5227

17,045.40

Corporate Responsibility

to members of the Supervisory Board was ř3,560 thousand; in the

40

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Details pursuant to Art. 315 of the German
Commercial Code (HGB)
Information under takeover law required
pursuant to Art. 315a of the German Commercial
Code (HGB) and explanatory report

Powers of the Board of Managing Directors
The Board of Managing Directors, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, is authorised to increase the share capital by a total
of ř569,253,470.00 by issuing new shares under Art. 4 (3)

Corporate Responsibility

(Authorised Capital 2015) of the Articles of Association applicable

Share capital structure

on 31 December 2017. The Board of Managing Directors is author-

Commerzbank has issued only ordinary shares, the rights and

ised, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to exclude sub-

duties attached to which arise from statutory provisions, in partic-

scription rights in certain cases, in particular in order to increase

ular Arts.12, 53a et seq., 118 et seq. and 186 of the German Stock

the share capital for non-cash contributions.

Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz, AktG). The share capital of the

Moreover, the Annual General Meeting on 30 April 2015 gave

company totalled ř1,252,357,634.00 at the end of the 2017 finan-

the Board of Managing Directors the authority to issue convertible

cial year. It is divided into 1,252,357,634 no-par-value shares. The

bonds or bonds with warrants, profit-sharing certificates or hybrid

shares are issued in bearer form.

debt instruments (both with and without conversion or option
rights or mandatory conversion) against a cash or non-cash con-

Appointment and replacement of the members of the
Board of Managing Directors and amendments to the
Articles of Association

tribution for a total nominal value of up to ř13,600,000,000.00.

The members of the Board of Managing Directors are appointed

sue. Conditional capital of up to ř569,253,470.00 is available to

and replaced by the Supervisory Board pursuant to Art. 84 of the

issue financial instruments according to Art. 4 (4) of the Articles of

German Stock Corporation Act and Art. 6 (2) of the Articles of As-

Association (Conditional Capital 2015). The Board of Managing

sociation. Pursuant to Art. 6 (1) of the Articles of Association, the

Directors is authorised, with the approval of the Supervisory

Board of Managing Directors must comprise a minimum of two

Board, to exclude subscription rights in certain cases, in particular

people; otherwise, the Supervisory Board defines the number of

where the financial instruments are issued in exchange for non-

members on the Board of Managing Directors in accordance with

cash contributions.

Financial instruments can also be structured in such a way that
they are recognised as Additional Tier 1 capital at the time of is-

Art. 6 (2) of the Articles of Association. If there is a vacancy on the

For details of the authorised capital and conditional capital,

Board of Managing Directors for a required member and the

particularly regarding maturities and terms and conditions of ex-

Supervisory Board has not appointed a replacement, in urgent

ercise, please refer to the explanations in Note 58 on page 240 ff.

cases one will be appointed by a court pursuant to Art. 85 of the

The authority of the Board of Managing Directors to increase

German Stock Corporation Act. Any amendment to the Articles of

share capital from authorised and conditional capital and to issue

Association requires a resolution of the Annual General Meeting

convertible bonds or bonds with warrants, profit-sharing certifi-

under Art. 179 (1) sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation

cates or hybrid debt instruments allows the Bank to respond ap-

Act. Unless the law mandates a majority of the share capital repre-

propriately and promptly to changed capital needs.

sented at the date of resolution, a simple majority of the capital

On 30 April 2015, the Annual General Meeting authorised the

represented is sufficient to pass resolutions (Art. 19 (3) sentence 2

Board of Managing Directors to purchase and sell Commerzbank

of the Articles of Association). The authority to amend the Articles

shares for the purpose of securities trading, pursuant to Art. 71 (1)

of Association, provided such amendments affect merely the word-

no. 7 of the German Stock Corporation Act, until 29 April 2020.

ing of an article with no change in substance, has been transferred

The aggregate amount of shares to be acquired for this purpose

to the Supervisory Board under Art. 10 (3) of the Articles of Asso-

may not exceed 5% of the share capital of Commerzbank Aktien-

ciation in compliance with Art. 179 (1) sentence 2 of the German

gesellschaft at the end of any given day.

Stock Corporation Act.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

41

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-Financial Report

The price at which own shares are purchased may not be more

The objective of proper financial reporting is endangered if ma-

than 10% lower or higher than the average share price (closing

terial information in the financial reporting is erroneous. It is irrel-

auction prices or similar successor prices for Commerzbank

evant whether this is due to one single matter or a combination of

shares in Xetra trading or a similar successor system to the Xetra

several.

system on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange) on the three trading days
preceding the purchase.

Risks to financial reporting may arise from errors in business
processes. Fraudulent behaviour can also result in the inaccurate
reporting of information. The Bank therefore has to ensure it minimises the risks of incorrect statement, measurement or presentation of financial reporting information.

In the event of a change of control at Commerzbank, an extraordi-

The Commerzbank ICS seeks to provide sufficient certainty that

nary right of termination in favour of certain contract parties has

it complies with the relevant legal requirements, that business is

been negotiated by Commerzbank under ISDA master agreements.

conducted in a proper and cost-effective manner and that financial

In general, the right of termination is also conditional upon a ma-

reporting is complete and accurate. It is important to note that de-

terial deterioration in Commerzbank’s credit standing. In the event

spite all measures the Bank may take, the ICS methods and proce-

of this type of termination, the individual agreements signed under

dures used cannot entirely rule out errors or fraud and, as such,

these master agreements would have to be settled at market value,

offer sufficient certainty but never absolute certainty.

which can be determined on any stock exchange trading day.
However, the possibility cannot be excluded that, if an individual

Legal basis and guidelines

customer with an especially large volume of business terminates a

Art. 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code requires capital mar-

contract, Commerzbank’s net assets, financial position and operat-

ket-oriented companies to describe the material features of their

ing results could nevertheless be heavily impacted due to the

ICS in the management report. Commerzbank follows the princi-

Bank’s potential payment obligations.

ples for bank-specific organisation of the internal control system
set out in the Minimum Requirements for Risk Management

Equity holdings that exceed 10% of the voting rights

(MaRisk).

According to the notification of voting rights dated 4 June 2013,

The Bank’s internal control system is structured in line with the

the Financial Market Stabilisation Fund holds a stake of 17.15% in

internationally recognised framework developed by the Committee

the voting capital of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft. Provided

of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

that the voting rights are unchanged, the Financial Market Stabili-

Commerzbank derives the following objectives from this:

sation Fund would hold a stake of approximately 15.6% in the voting capital of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft following the capital increase in April 2015.
There are no further facts that need to be declared under Art.

• that business processes be effective and efficient,
• that applicable laws and regulations be observed,
• and that financial reporting be reliable.

315a of the German Commercial Code.
As regards the risk assessment of the reporting process required by COSO in respect of the reliability of financial reporting

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of the German
Commercial Code (HGB)

(for example, ensuring that all transactions are fully and correctly
recognised in the financial statements), the Bank follows the recommendations of the International Standards of Auditing and

The aim of the internal control and risk management system in

Quality Control, No. 315, 2009 Edition (hereinafter referred to as

respect of financial reporting is to ensure that the annual financial

ISA 315).

statements of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and the Commerzbank Group provide a true and fair view of the net assets, financial

Organisation

position and results of operations in accordance with the applica-

The written rules of procedure form a sound basis for good corpo-

ble accounting standards under the German Commercial Code and

rate governance that provides strategic direction for the Group as

IFRS. The internal control system and the risk management sys-

a whole while taking account of risk elements. These rules are de-

tem at Commerzbank are linked with each other, both with a view

fined as the transparent description, to be updated on an ongoing

to financial reporting. In the following, we shall therefore use the

basis, of the organisational structure and processes of a company,

term ICS (internal control system). Details of the risk management

including powers.

system can be found on pages 99 to 134 of the Risk Report.

Corporate Responsibility

Material agreements in the event of a change of control
following a takeover bid

42

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The governance framework, which is part of the written rules of

During the year, Group Audit reports to the Supervisory Board

procedure, sets uniform and binding minimum standards for all

and its appointed committees about the work it has carried out

units with regard to their organisational structure in respect of

and its material findings.

maintaining documentation and keeping it updated. The primary

Group Finance (GM-F), which reports directly to the CFO, is re-

feature is the principle of clear allocation of responsibility, starting

sponsible for ensuring that the financial statements are drawn up

with the schedule of business responsibilities for the full Board of

in compliance with the relevant laws and internal and external

Managing Directors and ending with the individual cost approval

guidelines.

authorities at the lower management levels. The scope and struc-

Within GM-F, Accounting and Controlling Policies & Guidelines

ture of the governance framework follow both the legal and regu-

is the department responsible for drawing up Group-wide account-

latory requirements and also the “Commerzbank corporate consti-

ing guidelines and publishing them over the intranet. Implementa-

tution” approved by the full Board of Managing Directors. The

tion of these accounting guidelines supports consistent and cor-

governance framework translates the main guiding principles of

rect reporting across the Group.

the corporate constitution into practical rules and comprises the
following elements:

GM-F is supported in producing financial statements by other
Group divisions. Of particular importance here is Group Infor-

Corporate Responsibility

mation Technology, which is responsible for providing and up-

• Plan for allocating the business responsibilities for the full

grading the accounting IT systems used.

Board of Managing Directors

•
•
•
•

Rules of procedure

Controls to minimise risk

Organisational charts

Controls at the Bank are integrated directly into operating pro-

Business remits of the units

cesses, either technically or manually (i.e. by organisational

Approval authorities for operating costs.

means). Technical controls are used in the IT systems employed
and consist, for example, of check sums and verification digits.

Where tasks in the Bank by their nature cannot be combined,

Technical controls are often complemented by manual controls

they are organised into different areas applying the principle of

such as screen approvals carried out by the responsible employ-

separation of functions. Strict checks are also carried out using the

ees. Data quality on initial entry into systems is ensured by organi-

dual-control principle to minimise risks in financial reporting.

sational measures such as the dual-control principle, delegation of

In accordance with the Minimum Requirements for Risk Man-

powers of approval, the separation of functions and by technical

agement (MaRisk), responsibility for implementing, executing,

measures when issuing IT approval authorities. Additional controls

applying, refining and reviewing the Bank-wide ICS lies with the

during further processing guarantee that the data entered and

full Board of Managing Directors. The full Board of Managing Di-

used is complete and accurate.

rectors is responsible for structuring the Bank-wide ICS and
demonstrating that it is appropriate, while the CFO is responsible

Monitoring by Group Audit

for structuring the ICS for financial reporting and ensuring its ef-

Group Audit (GM-A) provides auditing and advisory services for

fectiveness for this purpose. The CFO is responsible for the design

the Board of Managing Directors independently, objectively and in

of the ICS through appropriate and effective control steps and for

a risk-oriented manner so as to evaluate the compliance, security

embedding these into the various processes. The full Board of

and cost-effectiveness of Commerzbank’s business processes and

Managing Directors is also responsible for ensuring that the finan-

flag potential for optimisation. GM-A supports the Board of Man-

cial statements for the parent company and Group are properly

aging Directors by evaluating the appropriateness and effective-

prepared.

ness of risk management, the internal control system and business

The Supervisory Board is supported in its oversight of the fi-

processes in a systematic and targeted manner, providing support

nancial reporting primarily by the Audit Committee set up for this

on key projects in an internal auditing capacity and issuing rec-

purpose. It provides support in monitoring the accounting process

ommendations. In doing so, it contributes to the security of busi-

and the effectiveness of the risk management system (especially

ness processes and assets.

the internal control system), compliance and internal audit. It also

GM-A is directly accountable to the Board of Managing Direc-

provides support in monitoring the performance of the annual au-

tors and reports to that body. It performs its functions autono-

dit, particularly with regard to the independence of the auditor and

mously and independently. Particularly with regard to reporting

the services provided by the auditor. The Audit Committee also

and the assessment of audit results, GM-A is not subject to any

monitors prompt remediation of deficiencies identified by the au-

directives. Based on MaRisk, its auditing activities, underpinned

ditor.

by the principle of risk-oriented auditing, extend to all of the
Group’s activities and processes, regardless of whether these take
place within the Group or are outsourced. GM-A’s activities com-

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

43

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-Financial Report

the framework of Group risk management. The audit of the suita-

Measures to further enhance the ICS as regards financial
reporting

bility and effectiveness of the ICS covers the risk management

The ICS has been adapted to meet the needs of the Commerzbank

and risk controlling systems, reporting, IT systems and financial

Group as regards financial reporting and it is enhanced further on

reporting. In performing its duties, GM-A has an unrestricted

an ongoing basis. To this end, Control Environment Finance (CEF)

right to information.

has been permanently implemented at Group Finance. CEF is

plement the work of the subsidiaries’ audit departments within

GM-A promptly prepares a written report on each audit; recipi-

based on the GM-F “process map”. This is a top-down representa-

ents include the responsible members of the Board of Managing

tion of all key processes, which is refined with descriptions of pro-

Directors. On the basis of these audit reports, GM-A oversees and

cedures and in which the risks in relation to the reliability of finan-

documents the steps taken to remedy any deficiencies identified

cial reporting are determined, applying the COSO framework. The

within the period of time specified for this. If such deficiencies are

Bank also follows the recommendations of ISA 315. This involves

ignored, an escalation process comes into effect. In addition, GM-A

checking whether a risk can be assigned to one of the following

prepares an annual report on the audits that it has carried out dur-

three categories and their various aspects:

ing the course of the financial year, the material deficiencies iden-

• statements on types of business transaction: their occurrence,

to the Board of Managing Directors.

completeness, accuracy, allocation to the correct period and

The financial reporting process

• statements on account balances at the reporting date: availabil-

the correct account;
The financial reporting procedures at Commerzbank are supported
by IT systems integrated into each process. Since 2015, the finan-

ity, rights and obligations, completeness, measurement and allocation;

cial statements of Commerzbank AG in Germany have been pro-

• statements on presentation in the financial statements and on

duced using the new financial architecture; this consists of a new

the notes to the financial statements: occurrence, rights and

financial data warehouse that provides a consistent repository of

obligations, completeness, reporting and comprehensibility,

basic information, and standard SAP software for the financial

accuracy and measurement.

function. The parent company in Germany therefore has a single
solution using consistent financial data for financial statements
under both IFRS and the German Commercial Code.

Suitable controls are implemented to minimise the risks identified, and these in turn are also assigned to the ISA 315 categories

As part of the input process for financial reporting, all infor-

and their various aspects. With respect to the effectiveness of the

mation relevant for drawing up the financial statements of Commerz-

ICS, the way in which the controls are structured in the form of

bank Group under IFRS and Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft un-

appropriate steps and embedded into the respective processes and

der the German Commercial Code is submitted to GM-F by the

the way the controls are performed at the operating level are deci-

reporting units (Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft Germany, sub-

sive factor in minimising risk.

sidiaries and foreign branches). Data is transmitted via an online

The ICS is reinforced by regular assessment of the effective-

data entry functionality directly into SAP EC-CS consolidation

ness and efficiency of key controls and regular checks on how con-

software, which has been adapted to the Bank’s requirements.

trols are implemented in the interest of financial reporting.

Subsidiaries generally submit IFRS data; German and foreign

This procedure ensures that risks are identified and minimised

branches also submit data under the German Commercial Code.

and that any faulty developments on the operational side are

Data is automatically checked for consistency before transmission

avoided.

to GM-F. Once the plausibility checks have been successfully completed, the individual reports can be finalised. Further plausibility

Other

checks are carried out using this data in GM-F. After these checks

No material changes have been made to the financial reporting

have been successfully completed, the Commerzbank Aktien-

ICS since the reporting date.

gesellschaft parent company financial statements are drawn up
and all the necessary steps are taken to produce the consolidated
Commerzbank Group financial statements. Drawing up the Group
financial statements involves various individual steps (e.g. consolidating equity, liabilities, income and expenses), currency translation and the elimination of intra-Group profits.
Segment reporting is done on a separate IT system. This involves reconciliation with the data from accounting.

Corporate Responsibility

tified and the corrective measures taken, and presents this report

44

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Combined separate non-financial report
Pursuant to Art. 340i (5) in conjunction with Art. 315b (3) of the German
Commercial Code (HGB)

The success of the Commerzbank Group is shaped not just by finan-

Environmental criteria in lending1

Corporate Responsibility

cial factors, but also by a wide range of non-financial criteria.
Commerzbank therefore welcomes the EU Directive on the disclo-

To minimise the impact of its activities on ecosystems, Commerz-

sure of non-financial and diversity information as an important

bank reviews and evaluates transactions, products and customer

step towards putting corporate social responsibility (CSR) at the

relationships where the environment plays a prominent role. This

heart of corporate management and reporting. This directive was

is the case, for example, where projects lead to increased pollution

implemented in German law with binding effect starting in finan-

of the air, water or soil or could involve overexploitation of natural

cial year 2017 pursuant to the German Act on Strengthening Cor-

resources.

porate

(CSR-Richtlinie-Umsetzungs-

Commerzbank AG’s Reputational Risk Management depart-

gesetz). The law requires a report to cover at least five topics:

Non-Financial

Reporting

ment lays down the prerequisites and limits for the Bank’s activi-

environmental protection, treatment of employees, social respon-

ties by evaluating environmental impact, setting environmental

sibility, respect for human rights and anti-corruption and anti-

conditions in some cases or turning down transactions, products

bribery. Commerzbank has also decided to report on a sixth topic,

and customer relationships altogether. It places a particular focus

in the “Treatment of customers” section, as the Group’s customer

on ensuring that lending activity is compatible with the Bank’s

focus is a key non-financial success factor.

sustainability principles, which are set out in published papers and

This summary stand-alone non-financial report (hereinafter the

directives, for example on coal-fired power, oil and gas, electricity

“non-financial report”) applies for the Commerzbank Group and

generation, agricultural commodities, mining and land and forest-

for the parent company, Commerzbank AG. Further details on the

ry. These positions and directives are reviewed regularly and up-

reporting format are found at the end of this document, in the sec-

dated as necessary.

tion “About this report”. The requisite description of the business
model is found on page 55 f. of the Group Management Report.

Reputational Risk Management works closely with classic Risk
Management. The management of reputational risks arising from
the potential impact of the Bank’s business activities on the environment is an integral part of Commerzbank’s overall risk strategy

Environmental protection

(see Group Risk Report, page 131). As a department within the
Group Communications division, Reputational Risk Management

Protecting nature and the environment is an important component

falls under the direct responsibility of the Chairman of the Board of

of the Commerzbank Group’s commitment to corporate responsi-

Managing Directors. The Board of Managing Directors and Supervi-

bility and sustainable business practices. Combating climate

sory Board are informed of reputational risks in the Bank on a

change is a particularly critical part of this. However, Commerz-

quarterly basis.

bank has the biggest impact in creating a climate-friendly business

To continue developing its reputational risk management,

environment not through its own banking operations but through

Commerzbank constantly monitors issues of potential environmen-

financial services that promote protection of the environment – for

tal relevance and ensures they are embedded in the Bank’s inter-

example renewable energy or energy efficiency measures – and

nal processes and evaluation criteria. The credit decision and re-

through decisions not to finance, or to cease financing, particular

porting processes are also reviewed regularly and updated if

business types as a financial institution. For instance, Commerz-

required. In furtherance of this objective, the Bank take steps to

bank AG is no longer providing finance for coal-fired power sta-

raise awareness internally and also engages in discussions on en-

tions.

vironmental risks with relevant external stakeholders such as nongovernmental organisations. In 2017, Commerzbank AG’s Reputational Risk Management investigated a total of around 6,000 cases
(2016: 6,200) involving environmental, social and ethical issues.

1

Not relevant for comdirect and Commerz Real.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

45

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-financial report

mBank in Poland operates its own reputational risk manage-

Commerzbank AG also actively incorporates sustainability as-

ment based on its commitment to the United Nations Global Com-

pects when developing classic lending solutions by advising its

pact. Introduced in 2016, the policy on providing services and fi-

customers on the benefits of public subsidies for these invest-

nancing to entities operating in areas that are particularly sensitive

ments and motivating them to implement sustainable projects.

in terms of mBank’s reputational risk is designed to implement

This enables customers to realise energy efficiency projects at a

this commitment and can result in the rejection of particular lend-

relatively modest cost. The advice provided by Commerzbank AG

ing transactions or requests to open bank accounts. mBank’s repu-

on public subsidies helps customers access the appropriate subsi-

tational risk strategy is reviewed annually and coordinated with

dy offerings. With a share of around 9% in KfW’s environmental

the reputational risk management of Commerzbank AG.

subsidy programmes, Commerzbank AG is one of the leading

tives, Commerzbank is able both to raise awareness among staff

banks in Germany in financing such investments by small and medium-sized enterprises.

and other market participants and to help reduce and prevent det-

As a participant in the European emissions trading system,

rimental environmental impacts. This can lead to multiplication

Commerzbank AG is a member of the World Bank’s Carbon Pric-

effects whereby particular technologies or business types with a

ing Leadership Coalition (CPLC) and is thus able to provide its

significant adverse environmental impact may no longer have

corporate customers with expert advice on current international

access to funding sources in future.

developments relating to emissions trading and carbon pricing.
Green bonds are a new and growing market segment. Commerzbank AG helps its customers to prepare and place bonds in the

Products and services with
environmental benefits2

renewable energy and energy efficiency sphere. It also participates in industry bodies and similar interest groups. In this way, it
makes an active contribution to developing the market for green

For the economy to transition successfully to a low-carbon, sus-

bonds. The volume of green bond issues managed by Commerz-

tainable future, the financial system will have to play a role. Global

bank AG in 2017 was ř5.5bn (ř5.2bn in the previous year).

efforts to combat climate change call not only for favourable politi-

Commerzbank AG and comdirect also distribute successful sus-

cal conditions and new technologies, but also for adequate finan-

tainable funds from various providers to private and institutional

cial resources. This gives rise to a range of opportunities for

customers and thereby help popularise environmentally friendly

Commerzbank due to the growing demand for financing solutions

investment products. According to an analysis carried out by the

on the one hand and sustainable investment opportunities on the

German business magazine Focus Money, comdirect is viewed by

other. As a result, Commerzbank is developing products and ser-

customers as one of the most sustainable providers on the German

vices in response to the changes in the demand for financing and

financial market (rating of “excellent” in the overall ranking, edi-

new investment opportunities in line with customer needs, while

tion 45/2017).

also producing an environmental benefit. In doing so, the Bank is

Commerz Real is also playing a part in successfully shaping the

at the same time reducing the risk of under-financing of green

energy transition. It launched its first investment in solar energy in

technologies or business ideas that could mitigate climate change.

2005 and gave private investors access to many others via funds

It is the job of the Sustainable Finance Committee, which was

up until 2013. Commerz Real is now one of the largest asset man-

founded in 2017, to assist in this process by bringing together de-

agers in this segment in Germany with a total investment of

partments and activities connected with sustainable finance within

around ř830m. In addition, the product range for professional in-

Commerzbank AG. Through the work of this committee the Bank

vestors was broadened in 2017 by adding the option of investing

aims to actively support international transformation processes

in wind power facilities. An expansion of these investments is

and open up new, innovative business areas. Interdisciplinary co-

planned for the coming years. Moreover, Commerz Real attempts

operation enables and promotes the exchange of information

to improve sustainability in managing its real estate assets, for ex-

across the Group, which supports the development of new prod-

ample by obtaining electricity from renewable energy sources.

ucts and services with an environmental benefit and the improve-

Sustainability criteria are also integrated in the due diligence pro-

ment of existing ones.

cess when buying real estate. It is now the case that building sus-

Corporate and project finance encompassing the entire value

tainability certificates have been issued to 24.4% of the properties

chain of renewable energies has been part of Commerzbank AG’s

held by hausInvest, one of the biggest open-end real estate mutual

portfolio since the mid-1980s. The aim is to contribute to the di-

funds in Germany with around ř13bn under management at the

rect or indirect financing of renewable energy with a minimum of

end of 2017.

ř2.5bn of new business by 2020. In 2017, the Energy Competence
Centre’s lending totalled around ř5.2bn, compared with ř5bn in
the previous year.
2

Not relevant for mBank.

Corporate Responsibility

By publishing and rigorously applying its positions and direc-

46

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Treatment of employees

in their first business roles, through to personal development of

Corporate Responsibility

experienced staff, managers and project managers.
The keystone of Commerzbank’s HR policy is the furthering of a

The average age of employees at Commerzbank AG in Germany

trust-based corporate culture – this is particularly important in

was 45 in September 2017. With the current limits on the recruit-

times of restructuring, as is currently happening as the “Commerz-

ing of graduates, this may lead to demographic challenges for the

bank 4.0” strategy is implemented. Dealing with employees fairly

Bank. Short- to medium-term personnel planning is therefore sup-

and in a spirit of partnership is a prerequisite for long-term suc-

plemented with a regular strategic personnel and capacity analysis

cess. “Commerzbank 4.0” represents a fundamental further devel-

focused on long-term development. The launch of new trainee

opment of the business model through which the Bank wants to

programmes focused on international digital banking and compli-

reach its targets by 2020 (see Group Management Report, page

ance are important elements of our commitment to continue at-

55 f.). With this strategy, Commerzbank is responding to the low

tracting graduates in future and to support staff development.

interest rate environment, growing regulatory demands, the digi-

The changing conditions of an increasingly digital working

talisation of society and the rising expectations of its customers.

world are being integrated in the Commerzbank Group through

Higher profitability on a sustained basis and increased competi-

changes in the structure of work (mobile technical applications), a

tiveness are essential for Commerzbank’s future success. A reduc-

de-emphasis of hierarchy, agile project management and flexibility

tion in headcount at Commerzbank AG is unavoidable in this con-

in the location and timing of work. The Group has also been con-

text. comdirect, Commerz Real and mBank, on the other hand, are

tinually strengthening its activities to improve work-life balance

not currently seeking to reduce their staff numbers. The most im-

for over 20 years and puts the promotion of professional fitness

portant challenge for HR work in the Group at present is therefore

and change at the heart of its personnel development measures.

to carry out the reduction in staff at Commerzbank AG in a socially

Nowadays, Commerzbank offers its staff a range of solutions tai-

responsible manner and at the same time continue to attract and

lored to their phase of life: flexible working time models, sabbati-

retain staff in a challenging labour market.

cals, easing the return to work after parent leave, arrangements

Where staff numbers have to be reduced, this is carried out in

for the care of relatives or childcare on a regular basis or in excep-

close consultation with the employee representatives with the aim

tional cases. For example, comdirect has created special parent-

of avoiding involuntary redundancies. In doing so, Commerzbank

child offices and was recognised with the award for “Best employ-

goes beyond the statutory requirements. In 2017, the Bank

er for families” by a German parenting magazine in 2017.

reached 32 different agreements on the partial reconciliation of

Work-related health problems represent an area in which the

interests with the employee representative bodies, which covered

Commerzbank Group can potentially exert some of the largest im-

a range of HR instruments to ensure a socially responsible redun-

pact on employee welfare. The aim of Commerzbank’s health

dancy programme. These include termination contracts with sev-

management is to support the psychological and physical health

erance pay plus special arrangements for employees over age 56,

and social well-being of all staff on a holistic basis. As part of the

new placement offers, early retirement, part-time working for old-

Employee Assistance Programme (EAP)3, external psychologists

er employees, assistance for employees changing their place of

and counsellors are available to help staff and managers in difficult

work, individual reductions in working time and unpaid sabbati-

personal and professional situations.

cals. Commerzbank’s associated restructuring expenses amounted
to ř808m (see the consolidated notes, page 172).

In a similar way, comdirect works to improve its employees’
health through sport, relaxation and nutrition courses, an employee support programme delivered through EAP service providers
offering advice on both physical and psychological health issues,

Employer attractiveness

and a company doctor service. In Poland, the employee benefits
fund of mBank provides financial help to mBank staff, retirees and

Commerzbank aims to offer its staff an environment where they

their family members in health emergencies.

enjoy working and can do so successfully, thereby securing the

Up until 2014, Commerzbank regularly collected data on the

company’s long-term success. To retain staff in the Bank in the

commitment and motivation of its staff and their willingness to

long term and make full use of their qualifications to develop the

recommend the Bank. Since 2017, surveys have focused on execu-

company, their capabilities must be identified and fostered at an

tives and management staff and addressed the issues of digitalisa-

early stage. Commerzbank AG takes a holistic approach to this,

tion and the “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy. The plan is to broaden

which also reflects in the HR work of the Group’s subsidiaries,

these surveys to include more staff in future and thus devote

with the parent company in the role of “global functional lead”.

greater attention to the issue of employee engagement again.

These efforts start with the recruitment and development of apprentices and encompass the support offered to young graduates

3

Does not apply to mBank.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

47

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-financial report

mBank collates a picture of employee satisfaction and the

Commerzbank guarantees its staff, customers and suppliers

working environment every year in its employee engagement sur-

that it will react quickly and appropriately in the event of legiti-

vey. Employees can make suggestions for improvement in the sur-

mate complaints. Staff have the freedom to use the complaints

vey and give anonymous feedback on the organisational units they

procedures without fearing that they will be singled out for retalia-

work with.

tion. The employees affected are also entitled to use the Employee

Data on HR risks such as those related to motivation, resigna-

Assistance Programme (EAP).4 The works agreement on fair

tion and bottlenecks are regularly reported to the Board of Manag-

treatment at work contains comprehensive information and guide-

ing Directors (see Group Risk Report, page 132 f.).

lines for managers and staff of Commerzbank AG and comdirekt
on how to deal with discrimination. mBank has an anti-bullying
policy, which informs and protects employees. Employees of the

Diversity and equal opportunities

Group who are found guilty of misconduct can expect Commerzserious cases where a criminal offence may have been committed,

bank’s corporate culture. Diversity is about recognising and pro-

Commerzbank will refer the case to the authorities. There was no

moting the diverse backgrounds of our employees and customers.

such case in 2017.

Inclusiveness refers to an environment where diversity is acknowledged and everyone has the opportunity to develop in accordance
with their abilities and interests. Commerzbank is committed to a

Social responsibility

working environment that is free of prejudice and in which all employees feel accepted. Diversity Management is responsible for

The Commerzbank Group also considers itself to have a responsi-

achieving this aim. It focuses on six different dimensions; age,

bility to positively impact society. Banks exert influence in particu-

gender, sexual orientation and identity, ethnic origin and national-

lar through the provision of financial infrastructure and through

ity, religion and world view, and disability. Particular emphasis is

the effects of financial services on the economy (see also the sec-

given to equality of the sexes and people with disabilities, as well

tions on the environment, treatment of customers, respect for hu-

as the promotion of cultural diversity. The main forums for devel-

man rights and combating bribery and corruption). Their role as

oping policy on these matters are firstly the Global Diversity Coun-

an employer and taxpayer is important for society. Moreover, the

cil headed by Commerzbank’s board member responsible for HR,

properties in the investment and special funds of Commerz Real

who leads and manages the Group-wide activities on the issues of

offer new living space, particularly in conurbations and for student

diversity and inclusiveness. Secondly, Diversity Management ad-

accommodation. Commerzbank AG and the Group subsidiaries

vises and supports the nine employee networks currently within

also engage in extensive voluntary work for charitable purposes,

Commerzbank AG, in which more than 1,500 staff are involved in

for example through numerous cooperation and sponsoring pro-

Germany and abroad.

jects and the support of staff in such projects. To better assess and

Commerzbank is pursuing the Group-wide aim of increasing

manage the societal benefit of its voluntary work, donations and

the proportion of women in leadership positions to 35% across all

foundation activities, Commerzbank has set itself the target of de-

management levels below the Board of Managing Directors by

veloping a method of quantifying this value contribution by 2020.

2021. In 2017, this proportion stood at 30.7% (previous year:
29.8%). At the end of the year under review, women held 28.6%
of leadership positions in Commerzbank AG in Germany (previous

Social commitment

year: 28.5%). Details on the proportion of women on the Supervisory Board and Board of Managing Directors and at the first and

In terms of social commitment, the Commerzbank Group engages

second levels of management can be found in the Corporate Gov-

in a variety of ways with its environment. Numerous projects and

ernance Report (page 24 f.).

initiatives developed together with political, economic and social

Discrimination or harassment of employees is not tolerated at

partners contribute to resolving current problems. Many of these

Commerzbank. This includes both verbal and physical attacks as

programmes could not be carried out without this support, and

well as sexual harassment or abuse of any kind. The threat of har-

their added value to society would be lost if Commerzbank did not

assment or the creation of an intimidating atmosphere is equally

remain committed to them. Although social commitment is not

unacceptable.

regarded as material for purposes of mandatory CSR reporting,
Commerzbank places great importance on the positive social impact it is able to achieve.

4

Does not apply to mBank.

Corporate Responsibility

bank to examine all of its options under labour law. In particularly
Diversity and inclusiveness are firmly integrated in Commerz-

48

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

One example here is the environmental internship launched by

The common aim of all the foundations is to make a long-term

Commerzbank AG and the German national parks back in 1990.

contribution to social development and sustainability. In 2017,

The internship provides students with practical experience in the

Commerzbank AG supported these foundations with a total of

areas of environmental education and PR work in national parks

ř1.17m, which funded staff, workplaces and other operating costs,

throughout Germany. The Bank organises and finances the envi-

for example.

ronmental internship, while the national parks provide the practi-

comdirect is involved together with the Stuttgart stock exchange

cal and theoretical training. Almost 1,600 students have taken part

in a maths foundation (“Stiftung Rechnen”) that promotes the im-

in the programme since it began. After completing the pro-

portance of mathematics as a fundamental part of our culture and

gramme, the graduates then bring their experience to bear in

the improvement of maths skills in Germany. The mFoundation in

business, politics, society and environmental protection.

Poland has a similar objective. For the period from 2014 to 2020, it

The “green band” initiative (“Das Grüne Band”) has been going

has put an emphasis on its “m for mathematics” strategy, which

even longer – for over 30 years. Together with the German Olympic

works with schools, universities and libraries to strengthen maths

Committee, Commerzbank AG awards a prize of ř5,000 to 50

skills across the country. In 2017, the cost of the statutory respon-

sports clubs annually that have made outstanding contributions to

sibilities of the mFoundation amounted to around ř860,000.

Corporate Responsibility

promoting talent and youth sport. To date, over 500,000 children
and young people in more than 1,800 sports clubs have benefited

Commerzbank AG also made charitable donations of ř432,000
in the past financial year.

from the initiative.
The companies of the Commerzbank Group also place particular emphasis on corporate volunteering as part of their social

Respect for human rights

commitment. Staff are encouraged and enabled to volunteer, for
example by being granted leave or being provided with infrastruc-

Commerzbank is committed to respecting human rights on the

ture. This personal commitment by staff benefits society and im-

basis of internationally accepted norms such as the Universal Dec-

proves the living conditions of disadvantaged people. At the same

laration of Human Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and

time, volunteering raises morale in the workplace and promotes

Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social

mutual understanding among staff. Over 750 employees of Commerz-

and Cultural Rights and the core ILO labour standards. As a Ger-

bank AG were active in volunteering in 2017. Staff can become

man company, Commerzbank is also bound by the OECD Guide-

involved in a whole range of projects. In Germany, for example,

lines for Multinational Enterprises and acknowledges the Guiding

they can help prepare disadvantaged youth for working life or as-

Principles for Business and Human Rights of the United Nations.

sist in refugee integration, non-profit sports projects and other

Both Commerzbank AG and mBank are signatories of the United

areas of social engagement. In Poland, mBank and mFoundation

Nations Global Compact and, as such, have voluntarily undertaken

also jointly support the further education of primary school teach-

to respect human rights in their sphere of influence. As a result,

ers in the fields of economy and finance.

Commerzbank is making a contribution to the promotion and re-

Various foundations run or supported by the Group make an

spect of human rights in its area of influence.

important contribution to the sustainable development of society.
Within Commerzbank, various foundations are active in the areas
of education, science, art and culture and social engagement: The

Human rights criteria in lending5

Commerzbank Foundation supports key facilities and exemplary
projects related to scientific, cultural and social activities through-

Commerzbank also takes account of human rights issues when

out Germany, providing incentives for young researchers, cultural

conducting business with its customers. This may relate to a cus-

mediation and social participation. The Jürgen Ponto Foundation

tomer’s neighbours, employees or people indirectly affected, for

has been promoting young artists in Germany for around 40 years,

example in the disposal of raw material waste in developing coun-

in music, the visual and performing arts and literature. In addition,

tries or cotton production. Commerzbank AG and mBank have

six social foundations have been established to provide financial

each formulated their own positions and guidelines that are ap-

support to the Bank’s employees in unforeseeable emergencies.

plied to all decisions taken by Reputational Risk Management and
which, simply by virtue of their existence, increase staff awareness
of the business relevance of non-financial issues.

5

Not relevant for comdirect or Commerz Real.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

49

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-financial report

Commerzbank AG has also formulated a detailed position on

Anti-corruption

the observance of human rights, which is available on its website.
On the basis of this policy, transactions and business relationships

As a fair market participant, Commerzbank is committed to

where human rights play an important role are carefully re-

fighting bribery and corruption. The companies within the Group

searched and analysed by Reputational Risk Management and

adhere to the OECD’s Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and

evaluated on a different basis from standard transactions. This can

comply with the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of For-

lead in some cases to the refusal of the transaction in question or

eign Public Officials in International Business Transactions. More-

the rejection or termination of a business relationship.

over, Commerzbank AG and mBank have undertaken to adhere to
the ten principles formulated in the UN Global Compact – including combating corruption.

Board on a quarterly basis. Decisions with a significant or high

These external standards are supplemented with internal

reputational risk – including those with a human rights impact –

guidelines. Together they form the framework for Compliance

are also reported quarterly to the CFO and the board members

Management for combating corruption. This includes binding

responsible for the relevant business segments.

codes of conduct that provide a framework for correct and ethical-

Following the signing of the UN Global Compact in 2015,

ly appropriate conduct in the day-to-day working environment.

mBank published a policy for its own reputational risk manage-

Furthermore, the Commerzbank Board of Managing Directors has

ment relating to customer services in sensitive business areas (see

published the Global Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy (ABC Pol-

the “Environmental protection” section). It is designed to prevent

icy), which applies throughout the Group and clarifies and sup-

mBank from conducting business with customers connected in

plements the existing rules and processes – for example on gift-

any way with the use of child or forced labour, serious environ-

giving or conflicts of interest.

mental damage or the destruction of world heritage sites.

Bribery and corruption can lead to direct financial losses. They

In addition, Compliance Management in the Commerzbank

can have a whole series of negative effects, ranging from reputa-

Group monitors compliance by the Bank and its business partners

tional damage and deterring investors through to the payment of

with national and international laws and guidelines. This includes

fines. Alongside economic costs, the social and environmental

compliance with embargoes and sanctions, in particular the im-

costs of corruption can be considerable – for example, if funds

plementation of UN sanctions relating to the protection of human

intended for government spending are diverted or social inequality

rights and the prevention of money laundering and terrorist

is exacerbated. Moreover, beyond infringing on the law, every

financing.

form of corruption raises serious moral and political concerns, undermines responsible corporate management and economic development and distorts national and international competition.

Combating bribery and corruption

Commerzbank has introduced central prevention systems for
the Group in order to identify, monitor, mitigate and ultimately

Compliance with the law and applicable guidelines is the founda-

avoid bribery and corruption risks and thus ensure compliance

tion of corporate responsibility. The focus of Commerzbank’s com-

with the ABC Policy. These systems comprise risk analysis, due

pliance activities is on combating money laundering and terrorist

diligence reviews of third parties, training, mandatory time away6,

financing, insider trading, fraud, corruption and other criminal

compliance checks including an evaluation of their effectiveness,

activities wherever the Bank does business. In order to stay ahead

the Global Code of Conduct (revised in 2017), the integrity clause,

of the constantly increasing complexity of national and interna-

internal controls, the business keeper monitoring whistle-blowing

tional legislation and regulations, the Group is continually devel-

system and reliability checks of potential employees.

oping its compliance risk management and bringing it into line
with current developments and challenges. Further information on
the material issue of compliance, beyond the combating of bribery
and corruption, can be found in the Group Management Report,
page 59, and the Group Risk Report, page 130.

6

Does not apply to mBank.

Corporate Responsibility

Reputational Risk Management at Commerzbank AG reports
non-quantifiable risks to the Risk Committee of the Supervisory

50

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Potential compliance risks are evaluated and mitigated on the

Treatment of customers

basis of risk analysis. It is carried out Group-wide once a year and
applies to all Group companies, branches and companies other-

The Commerzbank Group can only be successful on a sustained

wise affiliated in Germany and abroad that are deemed to be rele-

basis if its customers are satisfied. Our products and services are

vant for compliance purposes. The analysis includes a dedicated

therefore designed to serve the interests of customers, and the

section on corruption and assesses the relevant risks and control

Bank treats customer satisfaction as one of the most important

activities carried out by these entities. The Bank regularly reviews

metrics in evaluating its business success.

the prevention measures implemented as a result of the risk analysis and supplements them as needed.
Commerzbank’s ABC Policy seeks to combat bribery, undue
preferential treatment and other forms of corruption: It applies

Transparency and fairness in customer
relationships

Corporate Responsibility

both within and outside the Group and in dealings with trade organisations, public officials and anyone who has a relationship

If advice is not based primarily on the interests of customers, if

with the Bank. The prohibition on any kind of bribery or corrup-

unsuitable products are suggested or poor recommendations are

tion applies not just to employees, but also to “related persons”

made, this can have a serious impact on customers’ affairs. As a

such as agents and intermediaries. Special ABC training has been

result, fairness and competence are among the guiding values for

developed to support employees in implementing the policy. It is

the Commerzbank Group companies – both in dealing with cus-

mandatory for all staff and managers to complete this training eve-

tomers and when designing products.

ry year. Business and functional units with heightened risk profiles

For example, Commerzbank AG meets its objective of providing

and individuals in functions at Commerzbank that have an in-

fair and competent advice with its “Customer Compass”, financial

creased risk of bribery and corruption receive additional needs-

planning software that has received a number of awards. Using

based training. In addition, an anti-corruption team is available for

this software, Commerzbank’s advisors are able to analyse the in-

questions at any time. Both employees and external persons can

dividual needs of their retail and business customers and jointly

access a whistle-blowing platform on the internet to report sus-

create holistic solutions and financial plans. Moreover, Commerz-

pected cases anonymously.

bank has in recent years introduced new products and services

Business partners and service providers of Commerzbank AG

that are particularly beneficial to customers. These include free

are systematically analysed for any indications of corruption as

current accounts, business accounts with a satisfaction guarantee

part of the due diligence process and may continue to be reviewed

and retail mortgage financing with a free choice of supplier.

after the business relationship has been initiated. All newly signed

The willingness of Commerzbank’s customers to recommend

contracts with Commerzbank AG contain a binding integrity

the Bank plays an important role in the remuneration system of

clause. As business processes are always evolving and new legal

Commerzbank AG and comdirect. The benchmark we use in the

requirements coming into force, Commerzbank is constantly striv-

Private & Small-Business Customers segment is the net promoter

ing to optimise all compliance-relevant processes. The Compliance

score (NPS)7, an internationally recognised standard for measur-

division has wide-ranging authority and escalation rights, includ-

ing customer satisfaction. Around 12,000 customers of Commerz-

ing powers to obtain information and carry out investigations.

bank AG are asked in a brief telephone interview every month

Corruption or other criminal action by staff is explicitly not tol-

whether they would recommend their branch to others. The result-

erated by Commerzbank. The Bank has a zero-tolerance approach

ant information is used to improve customer service and thereby

to criminal offences. Any employee who is proven to have

achieve a lasting increase in customer satisfaction. The proportion

breached this principle will face the full consequences under em-

of private and small-business customers with a high willingness to

ployment, civil and criminal law. We are not aware of any cases of

recommend the Bank (“promoters”), stood at over 60% in 2017,

corruption in the Commerzbank Group in 2017.

as determined by Commerzbank AG’s NPS survey. That is a very
high level, which is reflected in the growing number of new customers. In Germany alone, the segment gained 500,000 new customers in 2017. The majority of comdirect customers are also satisfied enough with their bank that they would be willing to
recommend it to others (56% promoters).

7

Does not apply to Commerz Real.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

51

Customer satisfaction is also a priority for mBank. Projects

Real uses regular surveys of the tenants of its properties to inte-

such as “mSatisfaction” are designed to further strengthen cus-

grate the needs of this important customer group in the develop-

tomer loyalty. mBank measures satisfaction with the relationship

ment of its product range.

in general and with particular products and processes in retail and

Protecting personal data also has the highest priority in the

corporate banking via the NPS. In retail banking, the NPS rose in

treatment of customers. The company’s data protection officers

2017. Among corporate customers, too, customer satisfaction has

provide assistance to the Bank’s business units in Germany and

markedly improved since mBank started measuring NPS in 2014.

abroad and monitor adherence to data protection provisions,

In September 2017, the magazine Forbes published its ranking of

guidelines and procedural instructions in compliance with the law.

the best banks for corporate customers in Poland. mBank won the

In 2017, 158 complaints about the handling of customer data were

competition for the second time in a row and was found to be the

received Group-wide. This is a very low figure relative to more

bank that best meets the requirements of small and medium-sized

than 18 million private and small business customers and over

companies in Poland.

60,000 corporate customers. Nonetheless, Commerzbank energet-

In Commerzbank AG’s corporate customer business, data is

ically pursues every single case. In most cases, the complaint was

gathered from an average of 7,000 corporate customers annually

that customer data had been subject to unauthorised use or had

to provide information on how satisfied customers are with the

been obtained by third parties. Some of the complaints were for-

service they receive in this segment and what expectations and

warded directly to the data protection authority.

suggestions they have for the relationship. The corporate custom-

Measures to prevent payment fraud and the resultant losses are

ers cite the commitment of advisors and the quality of advice as

of great benefit for customers, as they make it possible to identify

clear strengths, alongside market, industry and company expertise

fraud attempts early on, minimising losses. Commerzbank AG is

and professionalism in the provision of trade finance. This is re-

taking action to combat a form of fraud known as “CEO fraud” that

flected in a consistently high level of customer retention. According

tricks corporate customers into making payments, which has re-

to the results of the recent customer survey, 94% of corporate

cently been on the rise. Commerzbank AG’s efforts include launch-

customers intend to continue their business relationship with

ing an extensive range of courses for customers in Germany and

Commerzbank and 87% are prepared to recommend Commerz-

selected European locations to address this issue. In August 2017,

bank to others. Customer satisfaction is an element of the targets

comdirect’s high security standards were recognised by the Ger-

set for sales staff and sales-supporting departments in the Corpo-

man magazine Focus Money, which awarded comdirect the title of

rate Clients segment.

“most secure online bank”.

The Group’s companies actively engage with customers so as
to fulfil the interests of customers in the best way possible: Experts engage with customers in various forums to ensure that their

About this report

ideas and suggestions are taken into account when developing
products and services. As digitalisation offers new opportunities

Under the German Act on Strengthening Corporate Non-Financial

for direct client participation, Commerzbank AG is currently plan-

Reporting (CSR-Richtlinie-Umsetzungsgesetz), Commerzbank is

ning and testing new formats for engaging with its private cus-

obligated to prepare a non-financial report (Art. 340a (1a) of the

tomers. For example, the Bank launched the Customer Solution

German Commercial Code). With this non-financial report, Commerz-

Lab in 2017. Here, the objective is to involve customers in the de-

bank hereby satisfies this requirement pursuant to Art. 340i (5) in

velopment of innovative products and services. New concepts are

conjunction with Art. 315b (3) and Art. 298 (2) of the German

presented as prototypes or in advisory meetings and discussed

Commercial Code.

constructively. This gives Commerzbank immediate, concrete ideas

For the purposes of this 2017 non-financial report, we analysed

for bringing its product range as closely as possible into line with

the topics addressed here on a materiality basis. This identified

the needs of its customers. comdirect customers can get involved

the non-financial issues required to understand the development,

in the “comdirect community”, an internet platform where cus-

results and performance of the business and where Commerz-

tomers and others with an interest in the financial market can dis-

bank’s business activities could have a significant impact. Unless

cuss products and other financial issues with their bank.

stated otherwise, the information in this report relates to the

The Corporate Clients segment of Commerzbank AG regularly

Group. Alongside the parent company, Commerzbank AG, the

conducts issue-specific customer surveys in order to develop its

main subsidiaries according to the risk inventory were included,

product and service range. This provides important information on

i.e. comdirect bank AG, Commerz Real AG, mBank S. A. and

customer needs and preferences, which can be used in the design

Commerzbank Finance & Covered Bond S. A. (CFCB). In many are-

of products and processes. The Bank’s aim is always to base prod-

as – anti-corruption, HR management and reputational risk man-

uct optimisation and innovation on the benefits provided to cus-

agement, for example – the guidelines of Commerzbank AG apply

tomers, e.g. in the field of digitalisation. In the same way, Commerz

to the entire Group by way of the “global functional lead” role. If

Corporate Responsibility

21 Corporate governance report and declaration on corporate
governance pursuant to Art. 315d in conjunction with
Art. 289f of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
27 Remuneration Report
40 Details pursuant to Art. 315 HGB
44 Non-financial report

52

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

arrangements in the subsidiaries differ from those of the parent

Beyond the presentation in the Group Risk Report (page 99 ff.),

company, this is indicated in the report. CFCB, which only had 10

application of the net method is not associated with any material

staff at the end of 2017 and was in charge solely of a workout port-

risks either from the Bank’s own business activities or in connec-

folio, did not have any additional information to contribute on non-

tion with business relations, products or services that would be

financial issues in 2017 and is included in the information on

highly likely to have a severe negative impact on the above-

Commerzbank AG.

mentioned non-financial aspects, now or in the future.

The option provided by law of using a reporting framework has

This non-financial report was subject to a business audit to ob-

not been adopted, in the interest of providing focused information

tain limited assurance, performed by the auditing firm PwC, in

for the readership of our financial reporting. Detailed information on

accordance with ISAE 3000 (Revised). The unqualified certification

the corporate responsibility strategy of Commerzbank AG, the objec-

of the business audit is found on page 303.

tives of its sustainability programme and other non-financial indicators can be found in the GRI report (Global Reporting Initiative) and
the declaration of compliance with the German Sustainability Code
published on the Group’s corporate responsibility web page
Corporate Responsibility

(https://www.nachhaltigkeit.commerzbank.com). References to information beyond the parent company and Group financial statements and the (Group) Management Report is considered to be supplementary and not an integral part of this non-financial report.

Group Management Report
› In the Group Management Report, we provide in-depth information about the
Commerzbank Group’s performance in financial year 2017 and about the macroeconomic and sector-specific conditions and their impact on Commerzbank’s
business activities. We also describe the outlook for the anticipated performance of the Commerzbank Group in 2018 and overall conditions expected.

› Despite restructuring expenses of ř808m Commerzbank generated a con-

Group Management Report

solidated profit, further increased the capital ratio and substantially reduced
the workout portfolio in 2017. The implementation of the Commerzbank 4.0
strategy was driven forward as planned and the growth course maintained.

54

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Contents
55

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
55 Structure and organisation
55 Objectives and strategy
57 Corporate management
58 Remuneration report
58 Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
58 Details pursuant to Art. 315a of the German Commercial Code (HGB) and explanatory report
58 Details pursuant to Art. 315d of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
58 Details pursuant to Art. 340i (5) in conjunction with Art. 315b (3) of the German Commercial
Code (HGB)
58 Important staffing and business policy events

60

Economic report
60 Economic conditions
61 Earnings performance, assets and financial position
66 Summary of 2017 business position

68

Segment performance

Group Management Report

68 Private and Small-Business Customers
74 Corporate Clients
81 Asset & Capital Recovery
84 Others and Consolidation

85

Our employees

88

Outlook and opportunities report
88 Future economic situation
89 Future situation in the banking sector
90 Financial outlook for the Commerzbank Group
93 Managing opportunities at Commerzbank
94 Anticipated performance of the Commerzbank Group
98 Group Risk Report

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report
55
60
68
85
88

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

55

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Structure and organisation

Objectives and strategy

Commerzbank is one of Germany’s leading banks for private and

Commerzbank considers itself to be a fair and competent bank

corporate clients, and an internationally active universal bank with

that wishes to be a long-term, reliable partner for its customers.

locations spanning more than 50 countries. It has one of the dens-

We base our actions on the highest ethical values, integrity and

est branch networks of any private-sector bank in Germany, with

fairness and are committed to complying with all applicable laws,

approximately 1,000 branches. Commerzbank serves a total of

guidelines and market standards. For us, this is the basis on which

over 18 million private and small-business customers and more

we work in a relationship of trust with our corporate clients, insti-

than 60,000 corporate clients worldwide.

tutional clients, partners and stakeholders. “The bank at your side”

As part of its strategy, Commerzbank is focusing its business

– everything Commerzbank does is measured against this promise,

activities on the two core segments “Private and Small-Business

and the Bank has very clearly demonstrated its commitment in this

Customers” and “Corporate Clients”, offering them a comprehen-

area over recent years.

sive portfolio of banking and capital market services. The run-off

The banking business has undergone fundamental changes due

segment Asset & Capital Recovery (ACR) comprises – besides the

to the current low interest rate environment, legal requirements

Public Finance business – all non-strategic activities of commercial

and digitalisation, as have the ways in which customers want to

real estate and ship financing. Each segment is managed by a

conduct their banking transactions. Commerzbank is rising to

member of the Board of Managing Directors.

these major challenges with the strategic realignment: Commerz-

Management: Group Audit, Group Communications, Group Com-

bank 4.0. The new strategy concentrates on focused growth, digitalisation and efficiency.

pliance, Group Development & Strategy, Group Finance, Group

Full details of the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy can be found both

Human Resources, Group Investor Relations, Group Legal, Group

in the Annual Report 2016 and on the Commerzbank website at

Treasury and the central risk functions. The support functions are

http://commerzbank.com. Here are the key elements once again:

provided by Group Services. These include Group Banking Operations, Group Markets Operations, Group Information Technology,

As part of this strategy, it will concentrate on its core business-

Group Organisation & Security and Group Delivery Center. The

es and digitalise 80% of relevant processes, thereby achieving

staff, management and support functions are combined in the

significant efficiency gains and increasing its profitability on a sus-

Others and Consolidation division for reporting purposes.

tainable basis by the end of 2020. Its business is focused on two

On the domestic market, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is
headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, from where it manages a

customer segments, “Private and Small-Business Customers” and
“Corporate Clients”.

nationwide branch network through which all customer groups are

Commerzbank is aiming for a net return on tangible equity of

served. Its major German subsidiaries are comdirect bank AG and

more than 6% by the end of 2020. This target is based on the ex-

Commerz Real AG. Outside Germany, the Bank has 6 material

pectation that the interest rate environment will remain challeng-

subsidiaries, 21 operational foreign branches and 32 representa-

ing. Should interest rates normalise, a net return on tangible equi-

tive offices in more than 50 countries and is represented in all ma-

ty of more than 8% will be achievable. Commerzbank is expecting

jor financial centres, such as London, New York, Tokyo, Hong

revenues for 2020 to total between ř9.8bn and ř10.3bn. The cost

Kong and Singapore. However, the focus of the Bank’s interna-

base is to be reduced to ř6.5bn, taking the cost/income ratio to

tional activities is on Europe.

below 66%. In a up to 2020 expected normalised interest rate en-

Commerzbank prepares Group financial statements which, in

vironment, revenues could rise to over ř11bn, and the cost/income

addition to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as operating lead

ratio could fall to around 60%. For the year 2020 the Bank expects

company, incorporate all material subsidiaries over which the

a Common Equity Tier 1 ratio after full application of Basel 3 of

Bank exercises control. The financial year is the calendar year.

over 13%.

Group Management Report

All staff and management functions are contained in Group

56

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The focus on the core business, with some business activities

The Bank is planning to substantially increase its market share

being discontinued, and the digitalisation and automation of work-

among small-business customers to 8% by 2020, thanks to good

flows will lead to corresponding staff reductions. In mid-July 2017

regional accessibility, tailored product portfolios, digital solutions

Commerzbank agreed an outline reconciliation of interests and an

and its ability to offer private and business services in one place.

outline social plan with the employee representative committees in

The aim is for these measures to generate revenue growth of at

Germany. The binding agreements form the basis for personnel

least ř1.1bn in the new Private and Small-Business Customers

reductions at the Bank in a way which is as socially responsible as

segment by the end of 2020.

Group Management Report

possible.

Concentrating on strengths

Corporate Clients: national and international
growth from a leading position

Commerzbank concentrates on two strong customer segments:

In corporate banking, the Bank wants to further extend its leading

“Private and Small-Business Customers” and “Corporate Clients”.

position in trade financing. To achieve this it is looking for fo-

This means we focus on our strength: advising our customers,

cused growth in the most important trade corridors for German

personally and digitally. At the same time we are concentrating on

and European corporate clients. With its deep penetration of key

our core competences and seizing the opportunities of digitalisa-

German industries – automotive and transport, chemicals and

tion to become better, faster and more innovative.

pharmaceuticals, engineering, energy and infrastructure, con-

The Bank is focusing on areas where it delivers particular add-

sumer goods and retail – Commerzbank possesses comprehen-

ed value to its customers, thereby setting itself apart from the

sive sector expertise which sets it apart from the competition. In

competition; at the same time, it is systematically giving up busi-

future it will increasingly offer this expertise to its international

nesses that do not fit with the strategic orientation. As part of the

clients in Europe as well. Among Mittelstand clients with turnover

Commerzbank 4.0 strategy, in the Corporate Clients segment the

of between ř15m and ř100m as well, Commerzbank plans to fur-

business with investment and financial products and the associat-

ther expand its market position with the aid of its international

ed market-making, which makes up most of the Equity Market &

expertise and digitalisation. To achieve this it will further develop

Commodities (EMC) area, is being spun off from Commerzbank.

its offering and introduce new digital products and services. The
aim is for these measures to generate revenue growth of over
ř300m by the end of 2020.

Private and Small-Business Customers: building
on our strong position
Evolution into a digital enterprise
The Private and Small-Business Customers segment encompasses
Commerzbank’s private and small-business customers as well as

We will therefore restructure Commerzbank into a digital enter-

the comdirect Group, Commerz Real and mBank. We continue to

prise over the next few years. We are developing a holistic digital

offer a personal presence for our private clients across the country

business model which makes banking for all customers as simple

with advisory and other services in some 1,000 branches. At the

as possible through a strong digital offering. This strategic pro-

same time we are expanding our digital offering and creating a

gramme involves rebuilding Commerzbank from the ground up-

single digital platform for all customers and all channels. Over the

ward. The aim of the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy is to become the

coming years the Private and Small-Business Customers segment

leading bank in Germany for private, small-business and corporate

will become Germany’s first truly digital multi-channel bank. We

customers: digital and personal, close to the client and fast and

are strengthening our offering for small and mid-sized companies.

efficient at processing.

To do this we have created a separate business unit for smallbusiness customers within the Private and Small-Business Customers segment to take responsibility for business customers and
small corporate clients.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report
55
60
68
85
88

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

57

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

Corporate management

In addition to compliance with the capital requirements currently in place (under phase-in rules), the capital markets are al-

Corporate management in the Commerzbank Group is based on a

ready focusing on the full application of the CRR from 2018. The

value-oriented control concept. This concept is based on ensuring

Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (fully phased-in) is therefore a key

that the risks entered into by the business units are in line with the

indicator for the Bank in capital management.

external and internal guidelines on risk-bearing capacity and on

The key figures used for measuring success in the corporate

aiming to achieve an appropriate return over the long term on the

management process are operating profit/loss and group prof-

capital employed. In this respect, the Bank regularly monitors the

it/loss after tax and non-controlling interests, along with the

allocation of scarce resources to business units and actively adapts

cost/income and return on equity ratios and the economic value

its business strategy to changing market circumstances in order to

added calculated from these ratios. The cost/income ratio is used

boost the enterprise value over the long term.

to assess cost efficiency and is defined as the ratio of operating

The annual planning process is a key corporate management

expenses (excluding impairments of goodwill and restructuring

tool. In this process, the Board of Managing Directors sets targets

expenses) to income before loan loss provisions. Segment return

for the business units based on the business strategy. Existing

on equity is calculated as the ratio of operating profit/loss or pre-

resources such as capital and risk limits are allocated to the seg-

tax profit/loss to the average amount of regulatory capital em-

ments in a way that reflects the targets and risk profiles. The seg-

ployed. It shows the return on the equity invested in a given busi-

ments put the plan into operation based on the business strategy

ness segment. As is standard for value-based management con-

and the results of the planning process. The Board of Managing

cepts, the target minimum return on capital employed is derived

Directors carries out regular checks to ensure that business plan-

from the expected return on the capital market. With a view to the

ning is being followed. This ensures any deviations are identified

Commerzbank 4.0 strategy, the focus at Group level is the return

at an early stage through monthly management reporting and

on tangible equity.
Economic value added is the indicator used for determining the

In order to manage the Group and its segments, the Bank uses

performance of the Group. It is defined as the difference between

the standard indicators described below, which cover all the es-

the Group’s return on equity and the capital cost rate, multiplied

sential dimensions of Group management. Their development is

by the Group’s equity. The Group’s return on equity is the ratio of

monitored as part of regular management reporting.

the consolidated surplus after tax and non-controlling interests to

The management of the Bank takes account of both pillars of

average Group equity. The capital cost rate represents our share-

capital adequacy regulations. To ensure internal risk-bearing ca-

holders’ expectations for the minimum return on their capital em-

pacity at all times, planning includes allocating economic capital

ployed and is reviewed on an annual basis. The calculation of the

to the segments broken down by type of risk. The average capital

capital cost rate is based on the capital market-oriented Capital

employed in the segments is calculated based on the average

Asset Pricing Model (CAPM). Commerzbank currently calculates

segmented risk-weighted assets. At Group level, Common Equity

its post-tax capital cost rate to be 7.5%.

Tier 1 is shown. The calculation for the segments and the Group

As Group figures, the controlling data listed above form part of

are both based on a fully phased-in application of Basel 3 regula-

a system of other segment-specific data that varies from segment

tions. The reconciliation of average capital employed in the seg-

to segment depending on the business strategy.

ments to the Group’s CET 1 capital is carried out in Others and
Consolidation.

Group Management Report

countermeasures taken.

58

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Remuneration report
The Remuneration Report is part of the Corporate Governance Re-

Important staffing and business
policy events

port in the Corporate Responsibility section. It forms part of the
Group Management Report.

Commerzbank made major steps in implementing its Commerzbank 4.0 strategy in financial year 2017: reaching agreement with
the employee representatives on a reconciliation of interests and

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of
the German Commercial Code

an outline social plan laid the foundations for the staffing and organisational changes required. By taking over the instalment loan
business we now have full responsibility for an important growth
area once again. Commerzbank once more reduced complexity by

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code

completing the sale of two affiliated companies and agreeing a

(HGB) can be found in the Corporate Responsibility section. They

strategic partnership for securities settlement. The Bank also fur-

form part of the Group Management Report.

ther strengthened its compliance function. There were some
changes in personnel during the year, within both the Board of
Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board.

Details pursuant to Art. 315a of the
German Commercial Code and
explanatory report

Change in the Supervisory Board of
Commerzbank

Group Management Report

As proposed by the Supervisory Board, the Annual General MeetDetails pursuant to Art. 315a of the German Commercial Code

ing on 3 May 2017 appointed Dr. Tobias Guldimann to the Super-

(HGB) and explanatory report can be found in the Corporate

visory Board of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft. Dr. Guldimann

Responsibility section. They form part of the Group Management

succeeded Prof. Dr. Ulrich Middelmann, who passed away in 2013

Report.

and had been replaced on the Supervisory Board by Dr. Roger
Müller. The appointment of a successor marked the end of Dr.
Roger Müller’s term of office; he returned to his role as substitute

Details pursuant to Art. 315d of the
German Commercial Code

member. Heike Anscheit and Stefan Jennes have been members of
the Supervisory Board since 1. January 2017 and 1. February 2017
respectively.

Details pursuant to Art. 315d of the German Commercial Code
(HGB) in conjunction with Art. 289f of the German Commercial
Code (HGB), “Declaration on corporate governance”, can be found

Dr. Bettina Orlopp appointed as a member of the
Board of Managing Directors

in the Corporate Governance report. This can be found under
www.commerzbank.com/annual-report2017.

With effect from 1 November 2017, Dr. Bettina Orlopp was officially
appointed as a member of the Board of Managing Directors of
Commerzbank. As planned, Dr. Orlopp is responsible for the new

Details pursuant to Art. 340i (5) of
the German Commercial Code in
conjunction with Art. 315b (3) of the
German Commercial Code

Board portfolio Compliance, Human Resources and Legal.

Details pursuant to Art. 340i (5) in conjunction with Art. 315b (3)

On 13 July Commerzbank agreed an outline reconciliation of inter-

of the German Commercial Code (HGB) can be found in the Cor-

ests and an outline social plan with the employee representative

porate Governance section as a combined separate non-financial

committees in Germany. The binding agreements form the basis

report.

for ensuring that the personnel reductions announced by the Bank

Progress made with the implementation of the
personnel reductions required under the
Commerzbank 4.0 strategy

in autumn 2016 as part of the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy are handled
as socially responsibly as possible.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report
55
60
68
85
88

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

59

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

Commerzbank takes over instalment loan
portfolio

Commerzbank strengthens compliance function
The Bank once again took steps in 2017 to further strengthen the

In mid-August 2017, Commerzbank reached an agreement with

compliance function. This covers not just structural changes but

BNP Paribas Personal Finance S.A. on splitting out the banking

also increasing headcount, staff training and the successful re-

business division of their Munich-based joint venture Commerz

cruitment of additional compliance experts with external experi-

Finanz GmbH, which contains the instalment loans distributed by

ence to work at head office and in foreign locations. This trend will

Commerzbank. The split put an end to the joint venture. Under a

be further consolidated by means of a short- and medium-term HR

partial transfer of operations, around 300,000 customer agree-

strategy. The compliance function implemented various measures

ments covering a portfolio of instalment loans totalling roughly

relating to global financial crime, global markets compliance and

ř3.5bn were transferred from Commerz Finanz GmbH to Commerz-

anti-bribery and corruption in order to improve the management

bank. The transaction was coordinated with the regulatory authori-

of compliance risks. Steps were also taken to further strengthen

ties and completed on 18 August 2017. The Federal Cartel Office

compliance governance in Germany and abroad. In addition, the

had already given its approval for the transaction. Instalment loans

Board of Managing Directors and management increased their

are an important growth area for Commerzbank. The Bank wants

communication on compliance risks (“tone from the top”) with a

to bring the business back in-house and plans to digitalise and

“culture of integrity” campaign in 2017. The Bank emphasised a

expand its operations. With this in mind, Commerzbank launched

consistent compliance structure in the sense of “three lines of de-

its own digital instalment loan in the first half of 2017.

fence” which is actively lived out within the entire Bank. As part of
this model, compliance coordination units were implemented in
the front office (the first line of defence). The Bank set up various
cross-divisional compliance committees to promote interaction on
specialist issues between the first line of defence units and Group
Compliance (the second line of defence). These serve to consider

On 13 July 2017, we finalised the announced sale of the interest in

and discuss high-level compliance matters (e.g. regulatory chang-

the precious metal processor Argor-Heraeus SA, Mendrisio, Swit-

es) or specific business issues (e.g. assessing customer groups as

zerland. On 26 July 2017, we finalised the announced sale of the

part of onboarding, cases/patterns of fraud occurring). The Global

interest in the credit card service provider Concardis GmbH, Esch-

Compliance Board is the highest committee and is chaired by the

born, Germany.

member of the Board of Managing Directors responsible for Com-

The respective impacts on profit and loss were shown in the income statement in the third quarter of 2017.

pliance, Human Resources and Legal. Within Group Compliance,
the highest body is the Compliance Management Committee,
which is chaired by the Chief Compliance Officer of the Bank.
According to the requirements of the Financial Services and

Commerzbank and HSBC Transaction Services
GmbH agree strategic partnership

Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) Commerzbank London has mandated a
consulting company as a Skilled Person. The consulting company
carried out a review of existing structures and processes (especial-

At the start of December 2017 Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft

ly with regard to money laundering, financing of terrorism as well

and HSBC Transaction Services GmbH reached agreement on a

as sanctions/embargoes) and prepared a report for the UK Finan-

strategic partnership in securities settlement. As part of this part-

cial Conduct Authority (FCA). Following this, the efficiency of the

nership, Commerzbank’s operational business processes for secu-

resulting implementation plan will be evaluated and the Skilled

rities settlement will be outsourced. This will see the creation of a

Person will report to the FCA on a semi-annual basis.

joint venture in which Commerzbank will hold a 20% minority

In terms of the findings relating to the settlements with various

interest. Initially the partnership will run for 10 years. The opera-

US authorities the Bank has dealt with the majority of the findings.

tional start of the new company is scheduled for the beginning of

The Bank has also received various interim reports from the moni-

2020. By then the two sides will have laid the technical founda-

tor appointed by the New York State Department of Financial Ser-

tions for the data migration. The capital expenditure Commerz-

vices (“DFS”), to which it has responded with corresponding im-

bank has to make for this and the medium-term savings that can

plementation programmes. The Bank has already made good

be expected are fully reflected in the planning for Commerzbank

progress in carrying out the implementation programmes and has

4.0. An intensive test phase will start in 2018 to ensure that the

dealt with most of the measures.

outsourced securities settlement activities get off to a smooth
start. It has been agreed that the further contractual details will
remain confidential.

Group Management Report

Commerzbank completes sale of two affiliated
companies

60

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Economic report
Economic conditions

Unemployment at year-begin was a seasonally adjusted 5.4%,
the lowest level since German reunification. The economy was
mainly bolstered by stronger investment and higher export

Economic environment

growth.
Financial markets were once again dominated in 2017 by the

In 2017, the global economy recorded the strongest growth it had

extremely loose monetary policies pursued by the leading central

seen since 2011. Emerging markets provided significant momen-

banks. Investors continued to be forced into riskier forms of in-

tum. After a deep recession, Russia and Brazil returned to the

vestment such as equities, corporate bonds and the government

growth track. The fact that the growth slowdown seen in China the

bonds of periphery countries.

year before was not sustained also helped. The Chinese economy
actually grew even more strongly than in 2016, by 6.9%.
The industrialised countries also noticeably picked up speed in

Sector environment

Group Management Report

2017. In the USA growth was clearly higher than in 2016 at 2.3%.
The unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the deep

After getting over a brief period of uncertainty at the start of 2017,

recession of 2007–09. Against this backdrop, the Federal Reserve

from summer onwards strong economic optimism emerged, espe-

decided in 2017 to raise key interest rates by a further 75 basis

cially in the industrialised countries, and the cyclical improvement

points to 1.25%–1.50%, and also started to slowly run down its

also reached some of the major commodity exporting countries.

holdings of securities.

The firmer global economy therefore spread to more countries.

The eurozone also noticeably picked up speed in 2017. Growth

Political risk, higher debt and weak productivity growth receded

was even stronger than in the USA, at 2.5%. The expansive mone-

into the background and volatility hovered around what were in

tary policy of the European Central Bank (ECB) is having an in-

some cases record low levels.

creasingly powerful effect on the real economy. At the same time

Against this backdrop, the already high levels of valuation on

the eurozone economy is profiting from lively global demand.

global equity markets rose further in 2017. The robust global

Thanks to this growth, the situation on the labour market has con-

economy encouraged long-term yields to slowly rise again from

tinued to significantly improve, with the unemployment rate falling

their low level in the USA and Germany and risk premiums fell

from 9.7% at the end of 2016 to 8.7% in December 2017. Despite

sharply once more on corporate bond markets. Even though the

the tighter supply of available labour, wages rose only very mod-

Federal Reserve – the provider of the world’s most important cur-

estly in 2017. Accordingly, there was no change in the low under-

rency – tightened monetary policy, funds are cheap all over the

lying inflation. The core inflation rate, i.e. the year-on-year rate of

world. Most market participants assume that the tighter US inter-

the consumer price index excluding highly volatile food and ener-

est rate policy will not slow the economy too much or trigger tur-

gy prices, continues to fluctuate around 1%. The subdued infla-

bulence on the stockmarkets. This confidence contributed to a

tionary outlook led the ECB to extend its bond purchase pro-

strong risk appetite on the part of investors.

gramme until September 2018. However, since the start of the

However, the risks to the global economy have not diminished.

year it has only been buying ř30bn per month, half as much as

Deleveraging by governments, companies and private households

before. The ECB also decided to fully reinvest the principle pay-

has not yet been completed and continues to weigh on the profita-

ment of maturing securities even after the programme has ended.

bility of banks throughout the eurozone. In eurozone bond mar-

The German economy grew slightly more strongly in 2017

kets, expansionary monetary policy has to some extent served only

(2.2%) than it did in 2016 (1.9%). Adjusting for the different

to paper over the tensions; and in sub-markets, the banks’ with-

number of working days, the increase was as much as 2.5%.

drawal – due to the regulatory framework – is causing anomalies
in prices.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report
55
60
68
85
88

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

61

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

The Eurosystem’s expanded asset purchase programme is im-

Total assets at 31 December 2017 were ř452.5bn, 5.8% below

proving banks’ liquidity position and financing conditions, but at

the figure for year-end 2016. On the asset side, the volume reduc-

the same time it is putting pressure on net interest margins and

tion was mostly apparent in financial assets held for trading.

thus having a significant adverse impact on earnings – even

The fall in risk-weighted assets (phase in) to ř171.4bn was

though loans to domestic customers are growing at a faster rate.

driven by a reduction in the risk-weighted assets from credit risk,

While the banks’ efforts to reduce solvency and liquidity risks were

market risk and operational risk. The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio

recognised, there were persistent fears about a sustained weaken-

(on a fully phased-in basis, i.e. on the basis of full implementation

ing of the profitability of the banking system in the eurozone and

of the Basel III regulations) rose to 14.1% at end-December 2017.

the ability of banks to generate profitable returns on interest-ratebased business.
Last but not least, the importance of cyber-security and com-

Income statement of the Commerzbank Group

pliance was demonstrated once more in the year under review.
The protection of data networks and appropriate staff training are

The individual items in the income statement were as follows in

an ongoing process which the banking sector must take very seri-

2017:

ously, despite its already strong understanding of IT security. The

At ř4,201m, net interest income in the reporting period was at

same applies to ensuring compliance with the legal and regulatory

the same level as in the previous year. In the Private and Small-

requirements.

Business Customers segment net interest income rose year on

Overall, the fundamental transformation of the European bank-

year, despite another sharp fall in the contribution to earnings

ing system continued in 2017. The sector today is smaller, more

from the domestic deposit business. The main income driver was

clearly focused on its core functions and less profitable, but also

interest income from the growing loan portfolio as a result of the

more robust and resilient to future crises.

very good new business performance in most areas and the takeoGmbH joint venture. Growth at mBank was attributable both to the

Earnings performance, assets and
financial position

increase in business volume and to the continuous improvement of
the interest margin. In the Corporate Clients segment, the positive
capital market business was not able to make up for the burdens
of the interest rate environment and lower income from documen-

The Commerzbank Group changed the structure of the balance

tary business associated with the reduction of the bank portfolio in

sheet and income statement in 2017. The balance sheet and in-

Financial Institutions and lower customer activity. In addition, the

come statement are now based on the measurement categories

strategic portfolio reduction of the assets transferred from the ACR

under IAS 39. Details of these and other changes can be found in

segment in 2016 resulted in an anticipated decline in net interest

the Group financial statements on page 152 ff.

income from lending. In the reporting year, the ACR segment

The Commerzbank Group’s operating profit for 2017 came to
ř1,303m, a fall of 6.8% year on year. Consolidated profit attributable to Commerzbank shareholders for the period under review
came to ř156m.

posted a considerable increase in net interest income, caused by
significantly lower funding costs amongst other things.
The ř116m fall in other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement gain or loss to ř–76m was primarily due to negative effects
on income from the sale of loans and the write-ups on HETA Asset
Resolution AG included in the previous year’s figure.

Group Management Report

ver of the instalment loan portfolio from the Commerz Finance

62

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Net commission income fell slightly by 1.0% year on year to

joint venture in the middle of 2017. mBank improved its net com-

ř3,178m. In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment,

mission income in several areas of private client business as well

significantly higher commission income from the securities busi-

as in business with corporate clients.

ness in Germany contrasted with a steep fall in commissions from

In the Corporate Clients segment, the sharp year-on-year fall in

loan distribution, as Commerzbank began offering consumer loans

net commission income was mainly the result of a lower amount of

through its own platform in the first half of 2017 and ceased dis-

commercial business.

tributing instalment loans through the Commerz Finance GmbH

Statement of comprehensive income I řm

2017

20161

Change

Net interest income

4,201

4,165

36
– 58

Dividend income

106

164

Loan loss provisions

– 781

– 900

119

Other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement gain or loss

– 76

40

– 116

Net commission income

3,178

3,212

– 34

Gain or loss from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
through profit and loss and net income from hedge accounting

1,006

982

24

Other profit or loss from financial instruments, income from at-equity
investments and other net income

748

836

– 89

Operating expenses

7,079

7,100

– 21

Operating profit/loss

1,303

1,399

– 96

–

627

– 627

Restructuring expenses

808

128

679

Pre-tax profit/loss

495

643

– 148

Taxes on income

245

261

– 16

Consolidated profit/loss

250

382

– 132

156

279

– 122

Group Management Report

Impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets

Consolidated profit/loss attributable to Commerzbank shareholders
1

Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 152 ff.).

The gain from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value

Net income from companies accounted for using the equity

through profit and loss was ř1,092m in the period under review

method was ř23m after ř150m in the previous year, which in-

(previous year: ř1,019m). The increase was partly thanks to the

cluded a positive effect from the remeasurement of the assets of

rise in customer activities in Equity Markets & Commodities, espe-

Commerz Real, reflecting the very good situation in the market for

cially the business with structured investment products.

commercial real estate.

Other profit or loss from financial instruments declined by

Other net income was ř465m for the reporting period, com-

ř134m year on year to ř259m. Both periods saw one-off effects

pared with ř293m the previous year. This ř172m increase was

having an impact. The figure for the year under review includes a

mainly driven by positive one-off effects, including ř176m from

gain of ř89m on the disposal of a holding in the payment services

the takeover of the instalment loan portfolio, and a one-off gain

provider Concardis. The figure for the prior year includes a one-off

from selling real estate.

effect of ř123m from the sale of the stake in Visa Europe Limited.

The net allocation to loan loss provisions fell by 13.2% year on
year to ř–781m. This fall was the result of a much lower provisioning requirement in Assets & Capital Recovery, where the success in
cutting back was reflected in significantly lower loan loss provisions.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report
55
60
68
85
88

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

63

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

In the operational customer segments, by contrast, loan loss

The statement of comprehensive income, which includes both

provisions were up: in the Private and Small-Business Customers

consolidated profit/loss and other comprehensive income for the

segment most of the higher provisions were at mBank. However,

period, showed a net total of ř541m in 2017.

the solid financial position of German households meant that a

Other comprehensive income for the period of ř290m consists

very low figure was posted once again for the domestic business.

of the sum of changes in the revaluation reserve (ř287m), the cash

The Corporate Clients segment also recorded a higher net alloca-

flow hedge reserve (ř44m), the currency translation reserve

tion to loan loss provisions due to higher provisioning require-

(ř7m), the value of companies accounted for using the equity

ments in connection with one individual exposure.

method (ř–8m), actuarial gains and losses (ř145m), the change in

Operating expenses in the period under review were ř7,079m,
on a par with the prior-year figure. Higher investments in digitali-

the remeasurement of own credit risk (ř–114m) along with the
change from assets and disposal groups held for sale (ř–69m).

sation and growth and increased costs for regulatory projects,

The operating earnings per share came to ř1.04 and the earn-

compliance, deposit protection schemes and various banking levies

ings per share to ř0.12. The comparable figures in the prior-year

were compensated by cost management. Personnel expenses were

period were ř1.12 and ř0.22 respectively.

ř3,600m, representing a year-on-year fall of 3.3% due in particular to the headcount reduction under way. By contrast, other operating expenses, including depreciation on fixed assets and amorti-

Balance sheet of the Commerzbank Group

sation of other intangible assets, rose by 3.0% to ř3,479m. The
rise was largely the result of higher investments in IT, increased

Total assets of the Commerzbank Group as at 31 December 2017

mandatory contributions (including the Polish banking tax and the

were ř452.5bn. This was a fall of 5.8% or ř27.9bn compared with

European bank levy) and amortisation of intangible assets.

the adjusted figure at end-2016. The volume reduction is most
apparent in financial assets held for trading.

bank Group posted an operating profit of ř1,303m in the year,

The cash reserve and demand deposits increased by ř19.5bn to

compared with ř1,339m the previous year. This included positive

ř55.7bn. This rise compared with the end of 2016 was due in par-

measurement effects from counterparty risks of ř81m in the report-

ticular to larger deposits with central banks, and to the expansion

ing year, compared with ř525m last year.

of the cash reserve.

Restructuring expenses of ř808m impacted on profit in the pe-

Loans and receivables were ř265.7bn, down ř10.9bn year on

riod under review. They were connected with the implementation

year. The 3.9% decline came almost equally from debt instru-

of the “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy and the agreement reached

ments and loans and advances. Loans and advances to banks and

with the employee representative committees in this regard on an

corporate customers fell by a total of ř15.8bn, whereas loans to

outline reconciliation of interests and an outline social plan.

private customers rose ř10.8bn.

Pre-tax profit came to ř495m, compared with ř643m in the

Available-for-sale financial investments decreased compared

previous year period. Tax expense for the reporting period was

with year-end 2016, down 21.4% to ř31.2bn. This fall came

ř245m, compared with ř261m the previous year.

almost solely in bonds.

Consolidated profit after tax was ř250m, compared with

Financial assets in the fair value option category declined by

ř382m in the prior-year period. Net of non-controlling interests, a

4.2% to ř23.7bn. The volume decline was mainly driven by a

consolidated profit of ř156m was attributable to Commerzbank

ř0.7bn fall in secured money market transactions in the form of

shareholders for financial year 2017.

reverse repos and cash collaterals and by reductions in equity

As Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is reporting its results for

funds and money market trading.

the 2017 financial year in accordance with the German Commer-

Financial assets held for trading at end-2017 were down a hefty

cial Code (HGB), the plan is to service all profit-related capital in-

28.4% year on year to ř63.7bn. This reduction was driven largely

struments issued by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft for the 2017

by lower positive fair values (especially in interest rate and curren-

financial year; no dividend will be paid.

cy derivatives), which fell by ř14.4bn, and a ř9.3bn cut in equities/investment funds.

Group Management Report

As a result of the developments described above, the Commerz-

64

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Positive fair values of hedging derivatives were ř1.5bn, ř0.6bn

Intangible assets rose by ř0.3bn year on year to ř3.3bn. This

lower than the level at the end of 2016. The fall related exclusively

was mainly related to the capitalisation of self-produced software.

to interest rate derivatives.

Assets I řm

31.12.2017

31.12.20161

Financial assets – loans and receivables

265,712

276,578

– 3.9

Financial assets – available for sale

31,155

39,634

– 21.4

Financial assets – fair value option

23,745

24,797

– 4.2

Financial assets – held for trading

63,666

88,862

– 28.4

Other assets

68,215

50,564

34.9

Total

452,493

480,436

– 5.8

31.12.2017

31.12.20161

Change
in %

Financial liabilities – amortised cost

341,260

343,798

– 0.7

Financial liabilities – fair value option

14,940

18,084

– 17.4

Financial liabilities – held for trading

56,484

77,772

– 27.4

Other liabilities

9,768

11,209

– 12.9

Liabilities and equity I řm

Group Management Report

1

Change
in %

Equity

30,041

29,573

1.6

Total

452,493

480,436

– 5.8

Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 152 ff.).

On the liabilities side, financial liabilities at amortised costs fell by

Risk-weighted assets (phase-in) were ř171.4bn as at 31 Decem-

ř2.5bn to ř341.3bn, especially in connection with the decline in

ber 2017, ř19.2bn below the year-end 2016 level. The decrease

bonds and notes issued, as maturing issues were only partially

was attributable to a reduction in risk-weighted assets from credit

replaced with new ones.

risk, market risk and operational risk. Risk-weighted assets from

Financial liabilities under the fair value option fell 17.4% year

credit risk mainly fell as a result of active portfolio management,

on year to ř14.9bn, driven by lower deposits from banks and cen-

including reductions in the workout portfolio, a securitisation

tral banks.

transaction and relief effects from currency movements. Regulato-

Financial liabilities held for trading were ř56.5bn, ř21.3bn

ry Tier 1 capital fell by around ř0.5bn to ř26.0bn compared with

lower than at year-end 2016. The negative fair values of interest

year-end 2016, chiefly as a result of the next stage in the Basel 3

rate and currency derivatives, which declined by ř17.5bn, made a

phase-in. The corresponding Tier 1 ratio rose to 15.2% due to the

major contribution to the 27.4% fall.

decline in risk-weighted assets. Common Equity Tier 1 capital was

Off-balance-sheet liabilities rose overall year on year, with con-

ř25.6bn and the corresponding Common Equity Tier 1 ratio

tingent liabilities increasing 3.4% year on year to ř36.2bn and

14.9%. The total capital ratio was 18.3% as at the reporting date.

irrevocable lending commitments up ř1.7bn to ř79.9bn.

The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (on a fully phased-in basis, i.e. on
the basis of full implementation of the Basel III regulations) was

Equity

14.1% at the reporting date. The leverage ratio based on the CRD

The equity capital (before non-controlling interests) reported in

IV/CRR rules applicable on that date, which compares Tier 1 capi-

the balance sheet as at 31 December 2017 was ř28.9bn, slightly

tal with leverage exposure, was 5.5% (phase-in) or 5.1% (fully

above the figure for year-end 2016. As at the reporting date, the

phased-in).

revaluation reserve stood at ř–0.6bn. This was a fall of over one-

The Bank complies with all regulatory requirements. This infor-

quarter, attributable in particular to the positive development of

mation includes the consolidated profit attributable to Commerzbank

credit spreads on Italian government bonds. Together with the

shareholders and for regulatory purposes.

negative cash flow hedge reserves and the currency translation
reserves, this amounted to a deduction of ř0.8bn from equity,
ř0.2bn less than at year-end 2016.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report
55
60
68
85
88

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

65

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

Funding and liquidity of the Commerzbank
Group

this subject can be found in the “Liquidity risk” section of the
Group Management Report.
Guidelines for the funding profile and funds are derived from

The liquidity management of the Commerzbank Group is the re-

the business strategy and reflect risk tolerance. The Group’s fund-

sponsibility of Group Treasury, which is represented in all major

ing is appropriately diversified in terms of investor groups, regions,

Group locations in Germany and abroad and has reporting lines in

products and currencies. Top-level decisions about liquidity man-

all subsidiaries. Liquidity management comprises both operational

agement are taken by the central Asset Liability Committee (AL-

and strategic components. Operational liquidity management en-

CO), which meets at regular intervals. The quantification and limi-

compasses management of daily payment inflows and outflows,

tation of liquidity risks is carried out via an internal model in

planning for payment flows expected in the short term and man-

which expected cash inflows are compared against expected cash

agement of access to central banks. The division is also responsi-

outflows. The limits set are monitored by the independent risk

ble for access to unsecured and secured sources of funding in the

function. ALCO and the Board of Managing Directors receive regu-

money and capital markets and the management of the liquidity

lar reports on the liquidity risk situation.

reserve portfolio. Strategic liquidity management involves managing maturity profiles for liquidity-relevant assets and liabilities
within specified limits and corridors. Additional information on

Capital market funding structure1
As at 31 December 2017

Promissory notes 14%

Subordinated debt 15%

about ř66bn

Unsecured bonds 21%

1

Based on reported figures.

Commerzbank had unrestricted access to the money and capital

Most investor demand (over 90%) came from Singapore inves-

markets throughout the reporting period, and its liquidity and sol-

tors. This further diversified the Commerzbank investor base.

vency were also adequate at all times. It was always able to raise

Commerzbank also issued two senior unsecured benchmark bonds

the resources required for a balanced funding mix and continued

with volumes of ř500m each and terms of seven and eight years

to enjoy a comfortable liquidity position in the period under review.

respectively. A further ř1.4bn was raised in private placements.

The Commerzbank Group raised a total of ř5.7bn in long-term

The Polish subsidiary mBank also issued a senior unsecured bond

funding on the capital market in 2017.

with a benchmark volume of CHF 200m and a term of six years.

An unsecured benchmark subordinated bond with a volume of

In the collateralised area, a mortgage Pfandbrief with a six-year

ř500m and a term of just over ten years was issued in the first

term was topped up by ř500m at the start of the year, taking it to

quarter. In the first quarter the Bank placed a subordinated bond

ř1bn. This was followed in the third quarter by a mortgage Pfand-

worth SGD 500m in the Asian market for the first time. The issue

brief with a ten-year term and a volume of ř750m, which was

has a term of ten years with an issuer call option after five years.

topped up by a further ř250m. mBank issued a covered bond under Polish law for just under ř0.5bn.
The focus has been on the long end, so the average term of
securities issued in 2017 was around eight years.

Group Management Report

Covered bonds 50%

66

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Group capital market funding of 2017
Volume ř5.7bn

Unsecured bonds
ř3.7bn

Group Management Report

Benchmark issues
ř2.3bn

Secured bonds
ř2.0bn

Private placements
ř1.4bn

Benchmark issues
ř1.5bn

Private placements
ř0.5bn

As at year-end, the Bank had a liquidity reserve of ř83.3bn in the

At segment level, it proved impossible to achieve the targeted

form of highly liquid assets. The liquidity reserve portfolio func-

increase in profit and return on equity in the Private and Small-

tions as a buffer in stress situations. This liquidity reserve portfolio

Business Customers business. Customer numbers and assets un-

is funded in line with liquidity risk appetite in order to ensure that

der control (total loan, deposit and custody account volumes) in

it is kept at the required size throughout the entire reserve period

Germany exceeded their targets in financial year 2017, in some

stipulated by the Board of Managing Directors. A part of this

cases significantly. Income was further affected by the negative

liquidity reserve is held in a separate stress liquidity reserve port-

impact from tougher domestic competitive environment. Income

folio managed by Treasury to cover liquidity outflows should a

in the lending business kept pace with the expansion of the portfo-

stress event occur and to ensure solvency at all times.

lio, despite lower new business margins. A further rise in the in-

In addition, the Bank operates an intraday liquidity reserve

terest margin and growth in net commission income at Polish sub-

portfolio in the amount of ř9.7bn as at the reporting date. The

sidiary mBank was unable to make up for the income decrease in

regulatory liquidity requirements of the German Liquidity Regula-

Germany. Loan loss provisions at mBank were slightly higher, so

tion were met at all times in the reporting period. As at the report-

the forecast stability in this indicator was restricted to Germany.

ing date, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft’s key liquidity ratio cal-

We continue to regard the quality of the portfolio as high overall.

culated using the German Liquidity Regulation’s standard

Greater investment in digitalising processes and products, intend-

approach was 1.55, again significantly higher than the minimum

ed to increase efficiency in the years to come, contributed to a

regulatory requirement of 1.00. Commerzbank’s liquidity situation

sharper rise in operating expenses than originally planned. Regu-

therefore remains comfortable given its conservative and forward-

latory expenses at mBank were also considerably higher, so the

looking funding strategy. The Bank is not currently drawing on

cost/income ratio rose slightly rather than falling as expected.

central bank liquidity facilities.

In the Corporate Clients segment, margin pressure during the
year under review, along with subdued new lending business and
a deliberately accelerated reduction in credit portfolios that are not

Summary of 2017 business position

part of the core business, resulted in a decline in net interest income and total segment income on a scale that had not been antic-

Despite restructuring expenses of more than ř800m, Commerz-

ipated. A loan loss provision for a single exposure was required at

bank generated a consolidated profit, further increased the capital

the year-end, so the objective of unchanged loan loss provisions

ratio and substantially reduced the workout portfolio in financial

was not met. Consequently the operating earnings of the segment,

year 2017. The implementation of the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy

which had been intended to match the level of the previous year,

was driven forward as planned and the growth course maintained.

fell more sharply than forecast. The significant reduction in the

The decline in operating income year on year was in line with

cost base was implemented as planned, but this proved insuffi-

our expectations and mainly related to lower one-off income

cient to keep the cost/income ratio stable and it moved up signifi-

items; with the cost base stable, the cost/income ratio rose slightly

cantly.

as expected. Adjusting for one-off income, the objective of im-

The Asset & Capital Recovery segment once again carried out

proved quality of income and earnings last year was achieved. As

its strategic reduction task faster than expected. As anticipated,

the restructuring expense was recognised in full (we had originally

this resulted in a decline in segment income; measurement effects

thought it was likely to be spread over two financial years, and

make up a significant portion here. Despite overall conditions remain-

hence lower in 2017), consolidated net profit for the Group did not

ing difficult, especially in shipping financing, a significant reduc-

quite reach the level of the previous year, as had been forecast, but

tion in the portfolio was achieved, with a substantially lower level

remained positive.

of loan loss provisions. General loan loss provision improved by

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report
55
60
68
85
88

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

67

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

much more than forecast – they were almost halved and came in

As the restructuring expense of around ř0.8bn had a greater

well below the lower end of the ř450-600m range originally tar-

impact on pre-tax profit than the goodwill writedown in 2016 in

geted. Lower risk costs were the main reason for the substantial

connection with the strategic refocusing (ř0.6bn) and restructur-

reduction in the operating loss; we had originally assumed a loss

ing provisions to be reported (ř0.1bn), consolidated net profit for

on the same scale as the previous year.

financial year 2017 was down from ř0.4bn in the previous year to

At Group level the anticipated decline in one-off income and

ř0.3bn. Consolidated earnings attributable to shareholders were

the increased pressure on margins, which wiped out much of the

ř156m (previous year: ř279m). As anticipated, return on equity

success of the growth initiatives implemented, were the main

declined year on year, from 1.1% to 0.6%, while the cost/income

causes behind a 2.5% fall in total income before loan loss provi-

ratio went up roughly in line with expectations, by two percentage

sions to ř9.2bn. Operating profit was down less, by ř0.1bn to

points to 77.3%.

ř1.3bn, as the good quality of the credit portfolio allowed lower

Commerzbank further strengthened its comfortable equity posi-

loan loss provisions. Cost management and positive effects from

tion in 2017. Common Equity Tier 1 under full application of the

the headcount reduction under way made it possible to cover both

Basel 3 rules rose to ř24.0bn (previous year: ř23.4bn), largely due

higher charges for regulatory expenses and high investments in

to rising equity capital and lower regulatory deductions. Accentu-

restructuring Commerzbank to become a digital technology com-

ated by the 10% fall in risk-weighted assets, this resulted in a sig-

pany. At ř7.1bn, operating expenses were at the same level as in

nificant improvement in the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio from

the previous year.

12.3% to 14.1% at the end of December 2017.

Group Management Report

To our Shareholders

68

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Segment performance
Private and Small-Business
Customers

business customers and smaller Mittelstand customers with an
annual turnover of up to ř15m served by the branch bank in Germany. The segment again saw growth in new clients and assets
under control in 2017. With over 12.7 million customers in Ger-

The Private and Small-Business Customers (PSBC) segment en-

many and more than 5 million in central and eastern Europe,

compasses branch business in Germany, comdirect Group, Commerz

Commerzbank is one of the leading banks for private and small-

Real and the mBank Group. Small-Business Customers combines

business customers in these markets.

Group Management Report

Performance

1

řm

2017

20161

Income before provisions

4,832

4,818

0.3

Loan loss provisions

– 154

– 119

29.9

Operating expenses

3,811

3,621

5.2

Operating profit/loss

867

1,078

– 19.6

Capital employed

4,134

4,122

0.3

Operating return on equity (%)

21.0

26.1

– 5.1

Cost/income ratio in operating business (%)

78.9

75.2

3.7

Change in
%/%-points

Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 152 ff.).

Against the backdrop of difficult interest rate and competitive con-

ing consumer loans through its own platform already in the first

ditions, the Private and Small-Business Customers segment posted

half of 2017 and ceased distributing instalment loans through the

an operating profit of ř867m in financial year 2017, compared

Commerz Finance GmbH joint venture. mBank improved its net

with ř1,078m the previous year. In Germany, strong new custom-

commission income in several areas of private client business as

er growth, loan growth in mortgage lending that was again above

well as in business with corporate clients.

the market and pleasing securities business largely made up for

The other profit and loss components largely reflect changes in

the persistently strong negative impact of the low interest rate en-

one-off income items. This includes other profit or loss from finan-

vironment. Investments to further extend the market position in

cial instruments, which fell by ř34m to ř119m in 2017, following

Germany pushed up operating expenses. mBank again performed

a gain of ř123m the previous year from the sale of the holding in

strongly in most business areas, resulting in considerable growth

Visa Europe Limited. The year under review includes a gain of

in the major lines of income.

ř89m on the disposal of the holding in payment services provider

At ř4,832m in the period under review, income before loan

Concardis. Other net income of ř224m includes special effects of

loss provisions was marginally above the level of the previous year

ř176m, mainly from the takeover of the instalment loan portfolio.

(ř4,818m). Net interest income climbed by ř72m to ř2,353m, de-

In turn, the dissolution of the joint venture with BNP meant that

spite a further declining contribution from the deposit business in

current income from companies accounted for using the equity

Germany. The main driver was interest income from the growing

method is now only a marginal ř2m (previous year: ř131m): lower

loan portfolio as a result of the very good new business perfor-

contributions from Commerz Real play a part here, with no repeti-

mance in most areas and the takeover of the instalment loan port-

tion of the remeasurement gains on assets seen last year.

folio from the Commerz Finance GmbH joint venture. By contrast

Loan loss provisions show that the quality of the credit portfolio

with Germany, mBank saw the interest rate margin continue to

remains high, even though they increased by ř–35m to ř–154m.

improve. Net commission income improved slightly, up ř21m year

The majority of the valuation allowances related to mBank, where

on year to ř1,977m. Significantly higher commission income from

loan loss provisions increased by ř–36m to ř–119m. Net loan loss

the securities business in Germany contrasted with a steep fall in

provisions in Germany were again very low at ř–35m (previous

commissions from loan distribution, as Commerzbank began offer-

year: ř–36m).

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

69

55 Basis of the Commerzbank Group
60 Economic report
68 Segment performance
68 Private and Small-Business Customers
85 Our employees
88 Outlook and opportunities report

Operating expenses rose by ř189m to ř3,811m. Total person-

High quality and profitable growth

nel costs fell ř18m to ř1,341m, largely as a result of cost cutting

In the past financial year the branch bank has once again made

in Germany. Other operating expenses including internal cost allo-

good progress with its core objective of growth and has been able

cations rose by ř207m to ř2,469m, reflecting amongst other

to further stimulate a sustained improvement in profitability. The

things the increased investment in the digitalisation of products

high level of quality was retained in the segment in 2017.

and processes. Regulatory costs at mBank, such as the Polish bank

Customer satisfaction as the yardstick for the core objective of

levy, had a major impact on expenses and reduced profitability by

quality is measured using the net promoter score (NPS); this

ř116m in 2017 (2016: ř75m).

shows how willing clients are to recommend the Bank. It was at a

Overall, the Private and Small-Business Customers segment

consistently high level. External prizes and awards confirm the

posted a pre-tax profit of ř867m in 2017, ř211m less than in the

high quality of service and advice. For example, Commerzbank

prior-year period.

was named “Service King 2017” by Focus Money, and the outstanding quality of advice made it overall winner in the “Premium
Banks” study by Handelsblatt. The high quality is partly due to the

Main developments in the financial year

“Commerzbank Customer Compass” advisory application for prial advice, tailored to the client’s stage of life and based on their

systematically push forward the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy in

financial needs and objectives. This advice has been standard in

2017. Good progress was made in digitalising services and pro-

the Bank for all customer groups since 2012.

cesses and expanding distribution channels in all divisions. Im-

We continued to successfully refine our marketing activities.

portant foundations were also laid in the German branch business

Data-driven, cross-channel, automated customer management

for the future organisational structure of business with private and

through the customer life cycle and new activities in partnership

small-business customers.

banking allowed us to accelerate growth in customers and assets

Growth in new customers and assets under control (AuC) also

and capture further efficiencies. Traditional advertising cam-

accelerated again in the reporting year. The segment is signifi-

paigns, cooperations with external partners and initiatives such as

cantly closer to its declared goal of increasing AuC to over ř400bn

prospect handling and loyalty measures for new customers con-

by 2020. At the end of 2017, AuC were ř376bn. The branch bank,

tributed to growth. In its marketing the Bank is increasingly using

comdirect Group and mBank Group all gained customers. In Ger-

data-based methods and advanced analytics to determine the best

many alone, the segment grew by around 500,000 new customers

offering for a customer and show them, for example, suitable of-

during the year under review.

ferings in online banking. As a result, product sales to online banking customers who have consented to their data being used were
increased by 10% compared with a comparator group. Marketing

Private Clients and Small-Business Customers

activities focused on the free current account with a starting balance as the anchor product. Over half a million new payment

The branch bank in Germany offers the range of services of a full-

accounts were opened in 2017, some 110,000 of them online.

service bank to private, small-business and wealth management

In the lending business, the strong trend continued in 2017.

customers both personally and via digital channels. The Bank is

Demand for residential property in Germany remains high due to

keeping its number of locations unchanged: private clients receive

the low level of interest rates. As a result the Bank was able to in-

advice and/or service in some 1,000 branches, wealth manage-

crease new volumes in private mortgage loans by 26% year on

ment customers in 103 locations and small-business customers in

year. There was also considerable growth of 17% in personal

around 330. The business unit for small-business customers was

loans compared to 2016. Sales of instalment loans were down on

further developed during the reporting year. This includes both

the previous year in 2017, due to the change in the business model.

previously managed business customers as well as Mittelstand

Following the dissolution of the joint venture with BNP Paribas,

customers previously managed in the Corporate Clients segment

since August 2017 the Bank has been again carrying the instal-

with an annual turnover of between ř2.5m and ř15m. Major pro-

ment loan business in its own books. June 2017 saw the launch of

gress was made in 2017 in terms of the range of products and ser-

the digital instalment loan: this is now much simpler and quicker

vices for small-business customers.

to take out. Further evidence of how the Bank is expanding its digital offering to improve customer friendliness and efficiency.

Group Management Report

vate and small-business customers. This allows individual, personThe Private and Small-Business Customers segment continued to

70

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Group Management Report

The persistently low level of interest rates is also having an im-

Customers experience the Bank digitally and personally

pact on the retirement savings business: increasing numbers of

In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment, the future

customers are opting for savings solutions such as pension or en-

is both digital and personal. At the end of 2016 the application

dowment insurance. This was reflected in the results of the retire-

ONE was launched in the branches; this allows branch advisors

ment savings business: the volume of new business was up 8% to

and online banking clients to access the same technical platform.

ř2.5bn (2016: ř2.3bn). In the area of home loan savings, new

The single user interface for employees and customers was further

business volume of ř2.7bn was generated. This is equivalent to a

extended in 2017. The Commerzbank Customer Centre has also

12% increase on 2016 (ř2.4bn). This shows that the attractiveness

been working with the application since April. The shared view of

of home loan savings to lock in interest rates in a low rate envi-

the customer allows a single, consistent customer experience

ronment and when modernisation is required remains intact.

across all channels. The new investment advisory in ONE also

Interest rates remain low and fluctuations in the markets, espe-

meets the regulatory requirements of MiFID II (the Markets in Fi-

cially in currencies, were a challenge for investors again in 2017.

nancial Instruments Directive), which came into force on 3 January

In the securities business, Commerzbank customers could again

2018. ONE means the Bank will be technically better placed to

chose between various custody account models to invest in. The

integrate and implement product innovations or new regulatory

Premium Fund Custody Account was launched at the start of the

requirements across all distribution channels.

reporting year. This allows investors to buy units from around 100

Also newly on the market is a mortgage app that allows cus-

top funds with upfront fee. All costs are covered by a flat-rate an-

tomers to search for, finance and value property conveniently on

nual charge of 0.9% of the volume of the custody account. By the

their smartphone or tablet. Services on the app include property

end of the year under review, around ř2.4bn had been invested in

search, an advance credit check with personal credit certificate

the Premium Funds Custody Account. The mandate business saw

and an interest rate guarantee for 48 hours, along with tools such

a big increase in volume. A gain of some 8.5% was posted in

as a property valuation with just one picture from an independent

wealth management products. Portfolio volume at the end of the

property valuer. The customer can check in seconds whether the

year was some ř23bn. Wealth management recorded growth of

purchase price is realistic and the amount they wish to borrow is

19%, to around ř15.2bn portfolio volume. As a result, volume

feasible. Even the loan application can be initiated at once online.

based portfolio income from securities rose once again, account-

The customer documents needed are displayed individually and

ing for around 81% of total income in the securities business in

can easily be scanned in with the mobile phone. If the customer

2017 (2016: 77%).

wants advice, this can be arranged at once.
The banking app, which has been downloaded over two million

The gain for entrepreneurs

times since launch, has also been improved. For instance, 2017

During the year under review we further expanded business with

saw a more convenient log-in process using fingerprints or the

small-business customers. The first offerings specially for small-

biometric log-in with facial recognition for users of the new Apple

business customers were launched: for example, the “start-up of-

iPhone X. The app also has new functions like the preferred PIN

fer” comprises basic payment services like an account and credit

for credit cards. The Bank is increasingly relying on mobile solu-

card, plus an immediate credit line. The “entrepreneur package”

tions in dialogue with customers: in August 2017 a messenger

allows customers to cover their basic needs for payments and

function was added to the banking app in the form of Mobile Dia-

credit, while the “premium private package” adds solutions for

log. This allows the Bank to assist customers with their questions

entrepreneurs’ personal needs. At the end of 2017 a new leasing

on products and services every day by text, audio and video chat

offering with leasing calculator and attractive terms was launched

and give a full answer to their queries. Since Mobile Dialog was

in cooperation with Commerz Real, as were “Cash Radar” for digital

launched it has been used nearly 90,000 times over audio, video

liquidity management and “Sector: Radar” for industry and focus

and text chat.

reports.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

71

55 Basis of the Commerzbank Group
60 Economic report
68 Segment performance
68 Private and Small-Business Customers
85 Our employees
88 Outlook and opportunities report

Even in times of digitalisation, Commerzbank is clearly commit-

In an environment where interest rates remain problematic

ted to its branches as an important part of the multi-channel bank.

and trading is quiet, comdirect Group exceeded the growth seen

However, customer behaviour has changed over recent years, not

in previous years in brokerage and banking. The rise in assets

least because of digital change. Customers are making increasing

under custody is primarily due to net inflows into securities cus-

use of the Bank’s digital offerings, but still want a personal contact

tody accounts and exchange rate effects. The numbers of orders

on site. The Bank is therefore retaining its national presence and

executed in securities trading was clearly up. The lending busi-

the branch strategy is based on new branch models with greater

ness also reported considerable growth, partly due to the opti-

differentiation in the service offering. This involves a change to the

mised instalment loan offering. Business with institutional part-

service model: In the autumn the Bank reached agreement with the

ners in key customer segments– banks, insurers, asset managers

employee representatives on personnel reductions, the restructur-

– grew too.

ing of the advisory model and further steps towards digitalisation.

The range of brokerage services was extended in 2017 by add-

The Bank also made progress in implementing its branch strat-

ing cominvest digital asset management, which already had over

egy. Flagship branches in larger cities will be the main showcase

ř200m in custody accounts by the year-end. The comdirect Group

for Commerzbank in future. The final concept has now been de-

also raised its profile as a smart financial advisor by using innova-

termined. Seven new flagships were opened across the country

tive voice control systems. Innovation management continues to

during the reporting year: Bonn, Freiburg, Dresden, Leipzig,

target the central objectives: making it as easy as possible for the

Mainz, Wiesbaden and Mannheim. In future the City branch will

bank’s customers to manage their finances while at the same time

be the cheap and efficient branch model for local daily banking.

encouraging them to save, invest and trade in securities with digi-

The test phase for this model continued in 2017: further pilot

tal solutions and accessible offerings.

branches were opened in Frankfurt and Stuttgart. In view of the
positive results it was decided to roll these out gradually over the

Commerz Real

er Experience Award” in 2017. This is given for outstanding customer experience and innovation in distribution, marketing and

Commerz Real can look back on a successful year, with new busi-

client service with retail banking customers. The award is be-

ness volume matching the prior-year figures.

stowed by the trade magazine “gi-Geldinstitute” in cooperation
with the Frauenhofer IAO and IBM Germany.

As asset manager for physical assets in the Commerzbank network, the company combines more than 45 years of experience in
asset and investment management with extensive structuring
expertise and a unique portfolio of investment products and indi-

comdirect Group

vidual financing solutions. The product portfolio includes hausInvest, which was created in 1972 and is one of the most successful

During the year under review comdirect Group strengthened its

open-end real estate funds, as well as institutional investment

position as the German market leader in the online securities

vehicles and equity investments under the CFB-Fonds and CFB

business by organic growth and by the acquisition in April 2017 of

Invest brands. The portfolio ranges from commercial real estate of

onvista AG, with its two fully owned subsidiaries onvista bank

various types through solar parks, wind farms and aircraft to infra-

GmbH and onvista media GmbH. With assets under custody ex-

structure and production facilities. The common thread is always a

ceeding ř91bn for the first time and 29.6 million securities trans-

physical asset – as an asset gathering product for private and insti-

actions executed, comdirect Group remains the top address for

tutional investors, comprehensive construction management for

securities saving, investing and trading. As a smart financial advi-

commercial projects and a tailored financing concept for corporate

sor it also supports its clients in all their banking transactions.

customers. In addition, as the leasing company for the Commerz-

Since onvista bank GmbH merged with comdirect bank AG, on-

bank Group, Commerz Real offers need-based real estate and

vista bank has been a business unit in the B2C business segment.

equipment leasing concepts as well as asset structuring. At the

B2B business with institutional partners is done through ebase

end of the period under review, assets under management

GmbH. The extensive financial portal www.onvista.de is run by

amounted to around ř31bn.

onvista media GmbH.

Group Management Report

next few years. The concept for the City branch won the “Custom-

72

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The hausInvest real estate fund reached ř13bn at the end of

Financial year 2017 was very successful for the mBank Group.

2017, up around ř1.2bn from 2016. With a market share currently

mBank’s growing business activities were reflected in solid growth

in excess of 14% (2016: 13%) it remains the second largest open-

in new customers and revenue, while deposits and loans were sta-

end retail real estate fund in Germany. 95 properties in 16 coun-

ble over the year. At the end of 2017 the Group had roughly 5.3

tries and 56 cities with a market value of around ř10.5bn generat-

million private customers and 22,000 corporate customers, com-

ed a return of 2.7% by the end of 2017. The fund management

pared to 5.1 million and roughly 21,000 respectively on a compa-

team further strategically optimised the portfolio, successfully sell-

rable basis last year.

ing for investors and acquiring lucrative long-term assets. Pur-

The corporate strategy of the mBank Group is called “mobile

chases and disposals were more or less balanced in 2016, but dur-

bank” and is based on three pillars: customer focus, extending the

ing the year under review hausInvest bought (ř1.5bn) more than

bank’s competitive advantage in mobile services and consistently

twice as much as it sold (around ř850m).

improving efficiency. Numerous project initiatives were launched

Commerz Real also grew significantly in the institutional busi-

Group Management Report

ness. Four special AIF alternative investment funds are distributed

to implement the most important strategic objectives, e.g. extending the digital offering.

under the Commerz Real Institutional brand with BaFin authorisa-

Since April 2017 mBank customers have been able to use a

tion: the Commerz Real Institutional Hotel Fund (opened-ended

new smartphone app developed using the results of studies into

special AIF with fixed investment terms), the Commerz Real Insti-

how mBank clients behave. Along with a new user interface and

tutional Smart Living Fund (opened-ended special AIF with fixed

simplified navigation the app also has several entirely new func-

investment terms), the Commerz Real Institutional Aviation Fund

tions, such as Android Pay (for Visa and MasterCard holders) al-

(closed-end special AIF) and the Commerz Real Institutional Re-

lowing contactless POS payments with a smartphone, a payment

newable Energies Fund (closed-end special AIF). Three of these

assistant with reminder function for regular payments so users can

funds successfully achieved first closing.

pay bills quickly, the ability to contact an advisor directly from the

Commerz Real Asset Structuring GmbH (CRAS) focused in

app using One-Click-mLine, mobile transaction authorisation con-

2017 on structuring individual financial solutions and developing

firmation, a quick overdraft within one minute of request and an

long-term financial structures for real estate. Commerz Real

express money transfer by telephone number within the Polish

Mobilienleasing GmbH (CRML) again concentrated on leasing and

BLIK system.

hire purchase models for operating assets for small and mid-sized

A new version of the CompanyNet transaction service for cor-

companies, primarily machinery, manufacturing equipment and

porate customers was also launched; this is easier and more intui-

commercial vehicles. An important strategic step in this customer

tive to use and can be tailored to individual user needs. Company

segment was moving into small-ticket leasing by providing a digi-

finances can also be managed on the move, using the mBank

tal application which automatically produces offer and contract

Company Mobile app. This provides quick authorisation for oders

documentation at the point of sale. New transactions amounted to

and access to central financial information management.

around ř1bn in the reporting year.

Under the mBox project, mBank also offer its retail banking solutions, which have won numerous awards in Poland and abroad,
to partners outside Poland. The offer includes the electronic plat-

mBank Group

forms (the internet bank platform and the mobile app) and specific
product and marketing expertise. mBank also supports coopera-

The mBank Group is one of the largest financial institutions in

tion partners in project management and organisation and in other

Poland. It is engaged in private and corporate customer business

areas which are critical to the success of a digital retail banking

and investment banking and also offers financial services such as

provider. The first partner to profit from the expertise of mBank

leasing and factoring, commercial real estate financing, brokerage,

will be La Banque Postale of France, a subsidiary of the French

asset management, corporate financing and capital markets advi-

post office. mBank plans to expand this part of the business.

sory. mBank is also active in retail banking in the Czech Republic
and Slovakia.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

73

55 Basis of the Commerzbank Group
60 Economic report
68 Segment performance
68 Private and Small-Business Customers
85 Our employees
88 Outlook and opportunities report

The mAccelerator Fund was set up in 2017 as a way for mBank

The comdirect Group will concentrate on establishing comin-

to get involved in developing start ups in the banking and financial

vest digital asset management and reinforcing the market position

services sector. The fund’s portfolio currently consists of two com-

in brokerage by pursuing the trading campaign. Further function-

panies: Cyber Rescue, a cyber security solution based on passive

alities will also be added to the smart financial advisor. Business

biometric features, and Digital Teammates, which specialises sole-

with institutional partners will be driven forward by focusing on

ly in process automation with robotics. Further investments are in

digitalising the range of services, developing robo-advice solutions

the pipeline.

and working increasingly closely with fintech companies in wealth
management.
The stated aim of Commerz Real is to further raise its market

Outlook for Private and Small-Business
Customers

presence. The emphasis continues to be on expanding the institutional business and customer-centric digitalisation, mainly in the
wants to refine its business model to become a digital asset man-

will concentrate on providing better support for customers to

ager and integrated investment services provider. As far as possi-

achieve their financial objectives. The branch bank will continue to

ble, all business processes will be automated and products and

implement the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy under the motto “Cus-

services made even more flexible, rapid and transparent. The

tomer bank no.1”. The Bank wishes to continue to offer its clients

company expects strong new business and a further strengthening

high-quality advice and grow profitably. The focus is on increasing

of the market position at hausInvest and in the areas of asset

revenue significantly. Among the central measures is completing

structuring and equipment leasing over the coming months.

the multi-channel platform ONE. The Bank will also in future –

Focusing Commerz Real on digital transformation will make it

with the consent of the clients – use advanced analytics to make its

possible to access new markets and future themes relevant for the

huge store of data available to the branch channel. By covering the

industry.

market more intensively, growth will be expanded among small-

mBank too will concentrate on implementing its strategy in

business, wealth management and private customers. The Bank

2018. The mBank Group will continue to concentrate on growing

aims to stand out in the market with product innovations and digi-

its mobile banking services and transaction banking – with special

talise further offerings and services. Implementing a new advisory

attention on the ever more challenging customer demands. For

model in the branches and advisory teams goes hand in hand with

this the bank will consistently improve its existing offerings and

a further restructuring of the branch network into flagship and city

develop new products to meet customer expectations of conven-

branches.

ient and innovative banking. In addition, mBank expects the success to date of its customer acquisition in Poland, and in the foreign markets of the Czech Republic and Slovakia, to continue.

Group Management Report

product areas hausInvest and equipment leasing. Commerz Real
As part of its growth strategy in financial year 2018 the segment

74

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Corporate Clients

with central banks. The segment offers customers the complete
range of products of an international full-service bank, from tradi-

The Corporate Clients segment is divided into five reporting areas.

tional credit products, individually tailored financing solutions,

The Mittelstand, International Corporates and Financial Institu-

cash management and trade finance, investment and hedging

tions divisions are responsible for business with our core custom-

products, through to customised capital market solutions. The per-

ers: the Mittelstand division covers larger Mittelstand customers

formance of the Equity Markets & Commodities (EMC) division is

and domestic large corporates with the relevant products they re-

reported separately since it is due to be spun off. The Other Result

quire. The International Corporates division looks after corporate

division handles all business that either has a cross-segment risk

clients headquartered abroad, large German multinational compa-

management function or falls outside the strategic focus of the

nies and international insurance companies. The Financial Institu-

Corporate Clients segment. These mainly relate to assets trans-

tions division is responsible for financing and processing foreign

ferred from the former Non-Core Assets and Portfolio Restructur-

trade and for relationships with banks in Germany and abroad and

ing Unit run-off segments and effects from hedging positions.

Group Management Report

Performance
řm

2017

20161

Change in
%/%-points

Income before provisions

3,989

4,447

– 10.3

Loan loss provisions

– 295

– 185

59.3

Operating expenses

2,885

2,973

– 3.0

Operating profit/loss

809

1,289

– 37.3

Capital employed

1

10,462

11,600

– 9.8

Operating return on equity (%)

7.7

11.1

– 3.4

Cost/income ratio in operating business (%)

72.3

66.9

5.5

Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 152 ff.).

The reporting year 2017 was a challenging one for the Corporate

As anticipated, the restructuring of Financial Institutions re-

Clients segment, with persistently low interest rates, a challenging

sulted in a customer and income base lower than last year, though

regulatory environment, the implementation of our Commerzbank

solid over the year. In combination with strong performance on the

4.0 strategy launched in 2016 and geopolitical uncertainty factors,

equity market and relatively low volatility, Equity Markets & Com-

some of which resulted in lower customer activity. This was also

modities profited from greater customer activity, especially in

reflected in its earnings performance, with the segment posting an

business with structured investment products.

operating profit of ř809m in the year under review after ř1,289m

In the period under review, income before loan loss provisions

in the previous year. This decline is mainly due to the negative

fell ř459m or 10.3% year on year to ř3,989m. The positive capital

interest rates, the effects of the business policy transformation and

market business was not able to make up for the burdens of the

higher loan loss provisions.

interest rate environment and lower income from documentary

The Mittelstand division benefited from the segment’s solid

business associated with the reduction in the bank portfolio in Fi-

market position. Credit volumes were expanded slightly over the

nancial Institutions and lower customer activity. The ongoing stra-

year. The negative impact of the interest rate environment and the

tegic reduction of the portfolio transferred from the former Non-

stiff price competition was counteracted by strong demand for

Core Assets segment also led as expected to a fall in net interest

capital market solutions. International Corporates saw moderate

income from lending. Net interest income was ř1,730m, down

loan growth but lower demand for structured capital market prod-

ř193m. Net commission income was ř1,237m, ř43m lower than

ucts compared to last year.

last year, mainly due to a lower contribution from the commercial
business.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

75

55 Basis of the Commerzbank Group
60 Economic report
68 Segment performance
74 Corporate Clients
85 Our employees
88 Outlook and opportunities report

Loan loss provisions were ř–295m in the year under review, an

Commerzbank is also active in applying innovative financial

increase of ř110m year on year. The higher need for provisions

technologies. Using the rapidly spreading distributed ledger tech-

compared to the previous year was largely associated with a single

nology (DLT) and blockchain technology, Commerzbank carried

position.

out its first pilot transaction placing euro commercial paper with

Operating expenses were ř2,885m, down 3.0% on the prior-

immediate settlement.

year figure, while spending on strategic development continued.

Today, the processing of traditional trade finance activities is

The decline was primarily attributable to strict cost management

largely paper-based, but Commerzbank is taking a leading position

and lower personnel costs, enabling the Bank to offset higher reg-

in developing digital solutions in this market segment. With the

ulatory expenses and investments in digitalisation in particular.

successful market introduction of the Bank Payment Obligation to

Overall, the segment posted a pre-tax profit of ř809m, com-

protect open-invoice payments, it is now possible to present fi-

pared to ř639m in the prior year, which was especially heavily

nancing solutions which support the optimisation of current assets

affected by goodwill write-offs of ř627m.

for our corporate customers. Commerzbank also successfully implemented an IT platform solution to finance trade receivables
with a market leading technology supplier for selected customers

Main developments in the financial year

both in Germany and at selected international locations.

The business performance of the Corporate Clients segment last

with other banks, in global DLT/blockchain projects to develop a

year was largely determined by two factors: externally, by ever

digital platform for trade and supply chain finance business (Bata-

rising competition, and internally by the implementation of the

via, R3). The Bank is also engaged in this area in a cooperation

Commerzbank 4.0 strategy. The focus here was on bringing to-

project with the Fraunhofer Institute for Material Flow and Logis-

gether product units and concentrating on the core business, as

tics IML in Dortmund. The long-term aim is to develop scenarios

well as continuously implementing growth initiatives and digitalis-

for future physical supply chains.

ing processes and products. Against the backdrop of these chal-

The Commerzbank Trade Innovation Project will consolidate

lenges, we comfortably beat our cumulative target of 3,500 net

and modernise the IT platforms for processing trade financing

new customers by the end of 2017. This demonstrates that our

transactions, which are key for the Bank. The main functions for

strategic adjustments are going down well with our corporate cus-

processing collections and documentary credit processing were

tomers.

piloted in two foreign locations during the year under review, in
Europe and Asia.

Progress in digitalisation
We made good progress in financial year 2017 towards becoming

Setting up sector networks

a modern, customer-focused multi-channel bank and digitalising

As a key part of the sector approach, in 2017 the sector experts in

our internal processes.

the branches were grouped together with the central sector teams,

In addition to advice in person, we also offer our customers the

who combine strong sector expertise with corporate finance

ability to access many of our products and services quickly, inde-

knowledge, to form sector networks. The aim is for our small and

pendently and at any time via our online corporate customer por-

mid-sized corporate customers to also profit from sector and capi-

tal, so they can integrate banking transactions into their daily

tal market skills which to date have been focused on the needs of

business. Around 40% of standardised term deposits are now pro-

large multinationals. This will make it possible to offer forward-

cessed over our corporate customer portal. As part of digital in-

looking financing solutions for all small, mid-sized and large cor-

vestment and risk advice in the corporate customer portal, clients

porate customers. Local specialists – working with product spe-

receive individual product proposals to match their personal in-

cialists – are able to offer customised debt and equity financing

vestment objective and market expectations. The percentage of

solutions to small and mid-sized customers.

currency, securities and money market transactions traded online
grew again during the reporting year. The digital lending business
was also further optimised. Guarantees can now be issued quickly
and efficiently online, in addition to the online money market loan.

Group Management Report

In addition Commerzbank is playing a leading role, together

76

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Strengthening the equity capital market business

We optimised the processing for approving new customers on

In order to be able to offer corporate customers and institutional

our electronic trading platforms so we can onboard them fully au-

investors even more comprehensive advice and take account of

tomatically in just a few hours. In financial year 2017 the segment

changing regulatory requirements, equity trading and the business

won the “Profit & Loss Digital FX Award” for its innovations in the

with structured equity transactions for this customer group were

FX business. Our treasury management was awarded the TMI

successfully merged with the equity capital markets business. As a

Award for Innovation & Excellence.

result, Commerzbank has a single, highly efficient platform for
successfully winning, executing and settling all equity-based

Commodity hedging is still part of the Commerzbank service

transactions and services.

offering; physical trading in precious metals discontinued
Physical trading in precious metals and the associated services

Keeping up the excellent reputation in brokerage

were discontinued in the year under review with the sale of pre-

The Commerzbank equity business has an outstanding reputation

cious metals refiner Argor-Hereaus SA. Services in non-physical

with institutional investors and corporate customers. For the sixth

precious metals trading remain a core business for the Bank.

year in a row, Commerzbank was voted “Germany – Leading Bro-

Commodity risk hedging are still offered to ensure that our corpo-

kerage Firm” in 2017, putting it in top place in the Extel Survey,

rate clients can continue to benefit from the full range of capital

one of the leading polls of institutional investors. This leading po-

market-oriented risk management solutions.

sition also includes first place in the categories “Country Research, Small & Mid Caps Research” and “Equity Sales”.

Further streamlining of trading activities

Group Management Report

We continued to downsize our trading activities during the past
Strong growth in the market segment for sustainable bond

financial year and focused even more closely on customer needs.

financing

We withdrew from business in complex and exotic interest rate

The market segment for sustainable bond financing for compa-

and currency derivatives and restricted bond trading to supporting

nies, banks and public issuers in Europe and Asia saw strong

our primary market activities.

growth in 2017. Total volume was ř120bn, equivalent to a 50%
increase year on year. We worked on a range of successful trans-

Dedicated unit for compliance issues set up within the segment

actions in this segment in several European countries.

Once again in the year under review we set a high priority on implementing across various jurisdictions regulatory requirements

M&A advisory with an international perspective

that have become complex and ever tighter over the years and

Thanks to its broad customer access and the extended sector ap-

further adapted the systems, processes and control mechanisms in

proach, Commerzbank played an advisory role in various takeover

Bank accordingly. Sustainable success requires us to have guide-

transactions involving German and international clients. German

lines and directions on proper conduct. Last year we launched a

Mittelstand customers in particular were assisted in national and

major internal campaign on the “culture of integrity” to raise staff

international transactions. Our customers based abroad were ad-

awareness in the segment of the importance of acting in a way

vised on cross-border transactions with a German connection; the

that is legally and ethically impeccable. This also reinforces the

focus was on customers from Asia acquiring domestic companies.

reputation and integrity of the Bank and our segment.

Market position maintained despite weaker currency market

issues at segment units, a specialist unit was set up within the

While an environment of gradually rising yields triggered an in-

segment at the end of 2017. This will act as the centre of compe-

creased demand for interest rate hedging, the currency markets

tence for all compliance issues and be responsible for the follow-

saw little new business, especially in the second half. Low volatility

ing areas, amongst others: compliance business risk strategy, con-

in particular resulted in very restrained trading activity in this

trolling and communications within the segment, support in

market segment. The expansion of FX Live Trader, our electronic

dealing with compliance guidelines where client structures are

currency trading platform for derivatives transactions, allowed us

complex, advice on the latest regulatory trends, ongoing review of

to maintain our market position in a market which shrank overall.

customer data and assessment of customer risk throughout the

In order to ensure a high degree of security in compliance

term of the relationship, review of and if necessary improvement
to the quality of customer related data and staff training.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

77

55 Basis of the Commerzbank Group
60 Economic report
68 Segment performance
74 Corporate Clients
85 Our employees
88 Outlook and opportunities report

The creation of the new unit will also ensure that employees at

High level of issues in the German equity market

the Corporate Clients segment both in Germany and at foreign lo-

The equity markets performed strongly in 2017. Companies’ issu-

cations always act in accordance with the applicable compliance

ing activity was correspondingly high. On the German equity mar-

standards.

ket in particular, Equity Capital Markets significantly grew both
income and market share year on year. In addition to many successful equity placings last year, a large number of prestigious

Mittelstand

mandates was won for forthcoming IPOs and capital increases to
take place this financial year.

As the leading provider of finance to the German Mittelstand, in
this division we serve small and mid-sized companies with turnover in excess of ř15m, and large domestic customers with turno-

International Corporates

ver from ř250m and a corresponding need for capital market
products. As a leading relationship bank, the segment has a broad

The International Corporates division handles business with cor-

regional distribution network across Germany.

porate clients headquartered abroad, large German multinational
companies and international insurance companies.

At the end of 2017 we launched a growth programme to expand

Cross-border advisory approach confirmed

our German Mittelstand business. The aim is aim to gain further

The customer-focused advisory approach used by Commerzbank,

market share among small and mid-sized companies, especially

with the relationship manager coordinating the globally active

those with annual turnover of between ř15m and ř100m, and fur-

client service team to ensure high-quality advice across borders at

ther build on the business relationships with our existing custom-

the international locations of Commerzbank, was systematically

ers. We mainly offer loans to finance further growth. Our opti-

taken forward over the reporting year. Our German corporate cus-

mised advisory model with corporate client advisors and skilled

tomers continue to make increasing use of our local service offer-

local specialists, plus digital channels, lives up to our commitment

ing for their foreign subsidiaries. International groups too are

to be the best personal and digital bank for the Mittelstand in

choosing Commerzbank as a competent financial services provid-

Germany.

er, not just in their home markets and in Germany, but increasingly worldwide as well. In addition to the local service, customers

Expanding bond transactions for large German customers

find the broad product portfolio of cash management, trade fi-

Commerzbank has longstanding relationships with capital market-

nance, corporate finance and interest rate and currency manage-

oriented companies in Germany with a financing requirement of at

ment attractive. This makes Commerzbank a well-positioned and

least ř200m per year. We won and successfully placed a large

reliable partner for corporate customers as they continue to inter-

number of bond mandates in 2017.

nationalise.

Strong position in syndicated lending and promissory notes

Important partner for export-oriented corporate customers

strengthened

Increasing globalisation and the resultant international competi-

Last year Commerzbank again demonstrated its leading position in

tion mean our export customers face the challenge of not only

arranging and structuring syndicated loans for corporate custom-

having to provide their foreign business partners with technically

ers, especially in coordinating large-scale transactions for German

attractive and innovative product offerings – they also have to offer

and European corporates. Commerzbank’s high penetration in the

attractive payment and financing options. As part of its range of

German Mittelstand also led to a consolidation of its leading mar-

international trade services Commerzbank offers long-term export

ket position in the steadily growing Schuldschein loan business.

financing in conjunction with more than 15 government export
credit insurers such as Euler Hermes. The export financing specialists are available to our customers at 14 locations in important
export markets around the world, offering their expertise on structuring and implementing financing, as well as providing direct local
support.

Group Management Report

Growth programme launched for smaller German companies

78

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

International range of services strengthened with new

Implementation of the new strategic alignment completed

partner bank

Financial Institutions successfully completed the realignment of

The partnership agreement signed in May 2017 with Mashreqbank,

its correspondent banking strategy in the past financial year in

one of the leading institutions in the United Arab Emirates, gives

view of the changed global market environment and increasingly

Commerzbank corporate customers rapid and efficient access to

strict regulatory requirements. The complexity of the bank portfo-

local banking services. Our network of international partner banks

lio was considerably reduced, at almost no cost in terms of capa-

plus the 50 or so own locations mean Commerzbank is present for

bilities. Financial Institutions retains a competitive global network

corporate customers in all the major markets around the world.

of correspondent banks which are very important for the customer areas of Commerzbank. This ensures that Commerzbank will

Further diversification in bond issues

remain the market leader for the settlement of Germany’s foreign

We further diversified our bond issuing activities for international

trade in the future.

corporates in reporting year 2017. Our regional focus is on issuers

The extension of participation in trade facilitation programmes

from Germany, France, the rest of Europe and the UK, supplement-

to new target markets over recent years and newly developed for-

ed by issuers from the USA. Some securities were issued as multi-

mats further promote trade financing. The Bank will continue to

tranche bonds denominated in euro, dollars and sterling. Compa-

support German and European export-oriented corporate clients

nies mostly used the bonds for regular corporate financing or to

with their international trading business in the world’s main trade

pay for acquisitions. We also saw further considerable growth in

corridors. The specialist magazine Global Finance awarded

liability management.

Commerzbank the title “Best Trade Finance Bank Germany” – an
indication of its trade finance skills.

Financial Institutions

Comprehensive product range in payments

Group Management Report

In cash management we offer our customers a comprehensive
The Financial Institutions division is responsible for relationships

range of products and services to optimise their national and in-

with banks in Germany and abroad and with central banks. In car-

ternational cash and treasury management. These include multi-

rying out its activities, Financial Institutions makes use of a global

bank-enabled solutions for national and international payments

network of correspondent banks and established links in emerging

and an extensive digital offering. In addition, in reporting year

markets, thus promoting the Group’s global foreign trade activities

2017 we continually kept our customers informed of the latest

and supporting other segments in their international activities and

risks in payments, to protect them from these new forms of fraud.

strategies. Financial Institutions assists its customers throughout

The prestigious specialist magazine Global Finance and research

the world with (foreign) payment transactions, hedging of foreign

firm Greenwich Associates honoured Commerzbank with multiple

trade risks and funding for foreign trade deals. The Financial Insti-

awards for outstanding performance in cash management.

tutions division also provides its customers with bilateral loans,
supports them in syndicated loans and offers solutions for active

Numerous awards in the Pfandbrief segment

risk management.

Once again in financial year 2017 we expanded our strong market
position in the global Pfandbrief segment. We improved our market position in the international Pfandbrief segment to fourth
place, from fifth the previous year. We remain the market leader in
Germany in unsecured bonds. In 2017 Commerzbank again won
two important awards for its success in the Pfandbrief segment:
the prestigious “Best Euro House 2017” from the magazine The
Cover, and “Covered Bond House of the Year” from IFR.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

79

55 Basis of the Commerzbank Group
60 Economic report
68 Segment performance
74 Corporate Clients
85 Our employees
88 Outlook and opportunities report

Equity Markets & Commodities

Outlook for Corporate Clients

As already announced, as part of the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy,

In the current business year the Corporate Clients segment will

the business with investment and financial products and the asso-

continue to concentrate on further implementing the Commerzbank

ciated market-making, which makes up most of the Equity Market

4.0 strategy. Both the initiatives announced back in 2016 and those

& Commodities (EMC) area, is being spun off from Commerzbank.

started in the year under review will be actively driven forward. The

The business being split out comprises the established ETF brand,

successful agreement reached with the employee representatives

the associated leading platform for ETF market-making and the

last year, which will be accompanied by implementation of the

business in structured trading and investment products, which are

agreed target organisational structure during 2018 and personnel

in demand from both private clients and institutional investors.

reductions in the following two years, was essential for this.

This will allow the unit to better concentrate on its key competen-

We are keen to expand our market position in Germany and

cies as a leading European and Asian provider and market maker

abroad by winning further new customers and come closer to our

for financial products and make even more efficient use of finan-

target of 10,000 new customers by 2020. In Germany we will focus

cial resources.

mainly on small and mid-sized customers with turnover of be-

Intensive preparations were made for the legal spin-off during

tween ř15m and ř100m. Special concentration will be paid to

the year under review and applications made to the supervisory

gaining further market share by systematically exploiting our

authorities for the necessary licences. All strategic options for a

strengths in corporate finance and trade finance, risk manage-

subsequent placing in the market will be further analysed in

ment, international presence and digitalisation.
The further growth in customers will be supported by advertis-

In a trading environment like the year under review, with low

ing campaigns and focused sales activities. New digital offerings

volatility and a change in correlation, the division profited from

will make the Bank more attractive to new customers and increase

increased customer activity and was able to improve performance

the loyalty of existing ones.

significantly compared to the prior year, especially in business

A new optimised advisory model will support differentiation

with investment products. This was in particular due to the dou-

from the competitors, combining a broad regional presence of ad-

bling of income in electronic trading in this division.

visors in person with digital distribution channels which proactive-

The asset management business also performed strongly and

ly boost customer retention. At the same time, the old sales chan-

saw further inflows during the year. The EMC expertise in man-

nels will be refocused by grouping similar activities together and

aged investment solutions, especially multi-asset, sustainability

outsourcing administrative activities to downstream divisions of

and commodities, won numerous awards over the financial year.

the Bank to take the pressure off distribution, so they can deal

Thanks to the launch of the Commerzbank/Mattioli Woods Fund

even more closely with customers’ needs. Operational excellence

for structured products, an innovative product solution, we won

will also be emphasised, so customers and advisors can enjoy

the “Retail Investment Product” Risk Award 2018.

lean, largely digital, processing. The idea of the one-stop shop will

Along with a strong market position in several European coun-

be actively used as a competitive advantage.

tries, EMC also reported growing interest in its products in Asia.

We wish to further build on our market leading position as the

During the year under review the business in Asia achieved its

provider of finance for the Mittelstand. In 2018 we will again assist

best results to date. This was confirmed by winning “ETF House of

our corporate customers as a competent and reliable lender. We

the Year” at the Structured Products Asia Awards for the second

also expect sustainable financing with environmental or social fea-

time in a row, and “Best House for China” at the Asia Pacific

tures to continue to gain in importance, as increasing numbers of

Awards for Structured Retail Products.

issuers and investors move into the segment.

Group Management Report

depth.

80

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

We wish to realise further growth potential in corporate finance

grating a bond database. Our expertise in public-sector funding

and trade finance too, by continuing to focus on the sector ap-

will be strengthened by continuing to develop digital applications.

proach and by modernising and further consolidating our IT plat-

The separation of the EMC division, which is no longer a part of

forms so foreign trade can be processed even more efficiently. As

the segment’s core business, will be progressed in 2018 with the

part of the digital transformation an increase in application pro-

aim of bringing the business to market in the short to medium term.

gramming interface (API) banking for our customers is planned.
We are further aiming to develop our digital new issue systems

Group Management Report

landscape, including expanding blockchain capabilities and inte-

Special attention will be paid when implementing these
measures to further strengthening the segment’s compliance
culture.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

81

55 Basis of the Commerzbank Group
60 Economic report
68 Segment performance
81 Asset & Capital Recovery
85 Our employees
88 Outlook and opportunities report

Asset & Capital Recovery

The ACR run-off strategy aims to systematically reduce the individual segment portfolios in a way that preserves value and mini-

The Asset & Capital Recovery segment comprises the complex

mises risk. The aim of this asset reduction is to free up capital so

financings of the portfolios in the areas Commercial Real Estate

that it can be employed in business areas offering higher returns.

(CRE), Ship Finance (SF) and Public Finance (PF).

Performance
řm

20161

Change in
%/%-points

Income before provisions

166

213

– 22.2

Loan loss provisions

– 336

– 599

– 43.9

Operating expenses

98

128

– 23.4

Operating profit/loss

– 269

– 515

– 47.8

Capital employed

2,982

3,308

– 9.8

Operating return on equity (%)

– 9.0

– 15.6

6.5

Cost/income ratio in operating business (%)

59.4

60.4

– 0.9

Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see notes page 152 ff.).

In financial year 2017, despite difficult overall conditions particu-

The success in shrinking assets was reflected in the sharp fall

larly in the international shipping markets, the ACR segment was

in impairments. Loan loss provisions came to ř–336m, compared

able to reduce total volumes (exposure at default (EaD), including

with ř–599m the previous year. The expense related almost entirely

problem loans) of assets that no longer form part of the core busi-

to ship financing.

ness of Commerzbank by more than ř2bn to ř14.0bn with a significantly reduced burden on the income statement. The reduction

In line with a further reduction in headcount, operating expenses
fell ř30m to ř98m.

focused on the riskiest sub-portfolios in commercial real estate

Overall, the ACR segment posted a pre-tax loss of ř–269m in

and shipping loans, and as a result the volume of problem loans

the 2017 reporting period. This represents a ř246m reduction in

also fell significantly. The ACR segment reported a strong im-

the loss compared with the same period of the previous year.

provement in operating profit in 2017: the loss of ř–515m in 2016
was almost halved to ř–269m.
Income before loan loss provisions fell by ř47m to ř166m,
reflecting the considerable progress in cutting back segment assets. In the previous year the ř135m partial write-up on the former
position in HETA Asset Resolution AG, which was reported almost
completely under other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement gain or loss, made a major contribution to income; in 2017,
however, earnings were lifted by one-off income of ř68m. The
amount reported under net gains from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit and loss arose from the
write-up of a position with a counterparty with whom Commerzbank had taken out a hedge in the Public Finance division, which
had previously been written down.

Group Management Report

1

2017

82

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Main developments in the financial year

Ship Finance

Reduction strategy continued

In financial year 2017 the portfolio volume (EaD) booked in ACR

For all assets bundled in the ACR segment, a reduction plan for all

was reduced by ř2.2bn from ř4.8bn to ř2.6bn. Aside from the

ACR portfolios is being drawn up as part of the comprehensive

ongoing reduction in problem loans at individual loan level, the

management plan. The focus of the portfolio reduction is on re-

focus of reduction activities in 2017 was on the sale of selected

ducing EaD (including NPLs). The priority here is to reduce the

loans from the performing loan book.

more risky assets. The management of ACR also has an efficient

In 2017 the bulker and container markets recovered from their

tool kit for reducing the portfolio. In addition to active restructur-

historic lows seen in 2016, sometimes considerably. This does not

ing and the use of market opportunities, improved access to inves-

yet mean that all loans can be fully serviced, however. Tanker

tors and capital markets in recent years has made it possible to

markets remained very weak in the reporting year.

reduce assets in a selective manner by selling sub-portfolios, provided capital is freed up as a result.

The portfolio is divided principally between three standard
types of ship, namely containers (ř1.0bn), tankers (ř0.5bn) and

The value-preserving portfolio reduction in financial year 2017

bulkers (ř0.4bn). The rest of the portfolio (ř0.7bn) consists of var-

was over ř2bn, taking EaD to ř14.0bn, including NPLs. The EaD

ious special tonnages which are well diversified across the various

volume of the CRE and ship finance portfolio stood at ř4.1bn as at

ship segments.

the end of 2017. Risk-weighted assets (RWA) fell by ř3bn year on
year to ř18bn. The secured funding for ACR’s activities comes
from lettres de gage publiques. Securities repo transactions also

Public Finance

Group Management Report

play a role in funding the portfolio. Optimising the funding structure – through active cover pool management, for example – is an

The Public Finance portfolio consists mainly of loans to local

important component of the reduction strategy. The ACR segment

authorities, other public-sector or quasi-public-sector institutions,

still has sufficient numbers of highly qualified staff with many

companies or financing institutions.

years of experience in the different asset classes. The operating
stability of the units within the ACR segment is assured.

EaD rose by ř1.0bn over the past financial year to ř10.0bn, as
a result of restructurings. Most of the exposure is in western
Europe and North America.

Commercial Real Estate
Outlook for Asset & Capital Recovery
In financial year 2017 the total CRE volume (EaD) was further reduced by ř1.0bn or 42% to ř1.4bn through active management.

The run-off strategy for the ACR segment will be rigorously pur-

In CRE Germany, which still accounts for around 31% of the total

sued in the coming years. The aim is still to run off the remaining

exposure, EaD declined by 45% to ř0.4bn. In CRE International,

portfolios and residual risks completely over time in a way that

which accounts for around 69% of the total portfolio, EaD fell by

preserves value and releases capital. Opportunities to sell assets

40% over the course of 2017 to ř1.0bn. The breakdown of the

and portfolios will therefore continue to be taken in cases where a

overall portfolio by type of use is as follows: the main components

sale makes economic sense. By the end of 2018, the ACR segment

of the exposure are the sub-portfolios office (ř0.2bn), retail

aims to further substantially reduce the CRE and DSB portfolios.

(ř0.8bn) and logistics (ř0.2bn).

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

83

55 Basis of the Commerzbank Group
60 Economic report
68 Segment performance
81 Asset & Capital Recovery
85 Our employees
88 Outlook and opportunities report

In CRE, persistently low interest rates and ongoing pressure on

The future performance of the Public Finance portfolio is de-

both large and small investors to invest are such that we assume

pendent on political, economic and monetary developments, par-

real estate will remain an attractive asset class, especially in the

ticularly in the UK and the USA. The Public Finance division will

eurozone. Stable market conditions are expected for the short to

continue to seek out and make use of opportunities for asset and

medium term.

portfolio reductions that are focused on risks and do not harm

In Ship Finance we are keen to continue to run down the port-

profits.

folio, depending on market conditions. The future speed of portfolio reduction will continue to depend crucially on the performance

Group Management Report

of the shipping markets.

84

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Others and Consolidation

with IFRS. The costs of the staff and management functions are

Group Management Report

also mainly charged to the segments and shown here. RestructurThe Others and Consolidation segment contains the income and

ing costs for support functions and staff and management func-

expenses which are not attributable to the business segments. Re-

tions are not included in this charging.

porting for this segment under Others comprises equity participa-

The segment recorded an operating loss of ř–104m in 2017

tions that are not assigned to business segments, overarching

compared with ř–453m in the previous year. Reasons for the

Group matters such as expenditure on regulatory fees, specific

ř349m increase included one-off income from a property sale and

individual matters that cannot be allocated to the segments and

a lower burden from the purchase price allocation associated with

Group Treasury. The costs of the support functions, which are

the acquisition of Dresdner Bank. Taking into account restructur-

mainly charged to the segments, are also shown here. Consolida-

ing expenses of ř808m in connection with the implementation of

tion includes income and expense items that represent the recon-

the headcount reduction as part of the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy,

ciliation of internal management reporting figures shown in seg-

Others and Consolidation recorded a pre-tax result of ř–911m in

ment reporting with the Group financial statements in accordance

2017, compared with ř–559m in 2016.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report
55
60
68
85
88

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

85

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

Our employees
Our employees are a major part of our corporate success. We can

leadership philosophy and our code of conduct. These help our

only achieve our business objectives with motivated and high-

employees to find their bearings, especially in times of change. We

performing staff. Their commitment and skills make us strong

strongly believe that observing the rules and behaving with integ-

competitors. Our goal is to constantly make Commerzbank a more

rity strengthens our reputation and ensures our sustainable busi-

attractive employer as a result of our HR activities. At the same

ness success. Compliance and integrity are therefore major ele-

time, HR plays a key part in implementing the Bank’s new busi-

ments of our business model.

ness model. The values of our corporate culture include a shared

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Total staff Group

49,417

49,941

Total staff parent bank

33,850

35,211

At year-end 2017, the Commerzbank Group employed 49,417 staff,

staff/management and support function. The staff/management

a decrease of 524 employees compared with year-end 2016. The

functions perform central Group management tasks. The support

number of full-time equivalents was 43,560, compared with 44,267

functions ensure that the business processes underlying the

in the previous year (FTEs excluding trainees were 41,814 com-

Bank’s

pared with 42,190 the previous year). The following table shows

staff/management and support functions are mainly charged to the

full-time

segments on the basis of an internal allocation formula.

employees

at

year-end

by

segment

and

by

2

run

smoothly.

The

costs

of

the

31.12.2017

31.12.20161

Private and Small-Business Customers

20,534

20,940

Corporate Clients

6,030

6,310

Staff/management functions and Support functions2

16,996

17,017

Group total

43,560

44,267

Full-time personnel

1

operations

Prior year restated.
Staff/management functions: Group Audit, Group Communications, Group Compliance, Group Development & Strategy, Group Finance, Group Human Resources,
Group Investor Relations, Group Legal, Group Treasury and the central risk functions. Support functions: Group Banking Operations, Group Markets Operations,
Group Information Technology, Group Organisation & Security and Group Delivery Center. The staff/management and support functions are combined in the Others
and Consolidation division for reporting purposes.

Most employees in the Commerzbank Group (around 75%) work

At the same time, HR plays a key part in successfully imple-

in Germany. The average length of service at Commerzbank

menting the Bank’s new business model. It supported the business

Aktiengesellschaft (Germany) is around 21 years; 18% have

units in the negotiations with employee representatives and is ac-

worked for the Bank for up to 9 years, 30% for between 10 and

companying them as they move towards the new organisational

19 years, and over half for 20 years or more. The employee turno-

structure.

ver rate in 2017 was 4.6%, compared with 3.7% in 2016.

Promoting digital competence
HR work supports the new business model
Engaged and capable employees make a vital contribution to
The focus on the core business, with some business activities be-

Commerzbank’s success. To ensure this, the Bank has refocused

ing discontinued, and the digitalisation and automation of work-

its strategic agenda for HR work out to 2020. The aim is to create a

flows is leading to corresponding staff reductions. In order to do

framework for employees and managers to play a competent and mo-

this as socially responsibly as possible, Commerzbank has agreed

tivated role in helping to shape digital transformation at Commerz-

an outline reconciliation of interests and an outline social plan

bank.

with the employee representative committees in Germany. In addition, 32 partial reconciliations of interest were negotiated for the
individual Group divisions. The way to the new target structure
has therefore been defined.

Group Management Report

Actual number employed

86

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

We want our employees to be aware of digitalisation and have
the skills for it. We provide events across the Bank where they can

Diversity management an integral part of HR
strategy

extend their knowledge about digital issues. We train them in agile
working methods and build up new competences. We also pro-

Diversity and inclusiveness are firmly integrated in our corporate

mote the next generation of talent. We are taking new paths to

culture. Diversity stands for the variety of our employees and cus-

find digital talents. Our international Digital Banking Trainee pro-

tomers. Inclusiveness describes an environment where diversity is

gramme aims to attract digital talents from various academic sub-

acknowledged and everyone has the opportunity to develop in line

jects. During the year under review we hired 24 graduates for the

with their abilities and interests. We are clearly committed to a

trainee programme. This new programme means we are playing a

mutually accepting working environment which is free of preju-

pioneering role in the European banking market. It is supporting

dice. As a signatory to the Diversity Charter in Germany we give a

us on our way towards becoming a digital technology company.

clear sign that we acknowledge and value the diversity and equali-

Digitalisation is also reflected in our products and HR processes.

ty of our employees, customers and business partners. Both, em-

We are working to digitalise most of these. The objective is to

ployees and the Bank benefit from this. During the year Commerz-

simplify and standardise our HR processes.

bank held the fifth German Diversity Day, with numerous national

Group Management Report

events and workshops for staff.

Strong culture of integrity at the Bank for
sustainable success

Bank promotes good work/life balance

We want to be economically successful and profitable over the

Our employees should be able to have a good work/life balance.

long term. For that we need a good reputation and a strong brand.

For this reason, we support them with flexible working time mod-

Compliance and integrity are therefore major elements of our

els, opportunities to work from home and childcare services. We

business model. A strong culture of integrity helps us to get our

have also been working for some years now with professional

bearings and take the right decision. Integrity has for years been

partners on the issue of care. We support staff members who care

part of our corporate culture and is set down in our ComValues.

for relatives, e.g. by providing advice and arranging care places.

We launched a Bank-wide campaign on the culture of integrity

We also offer them the opportunity to network on various topics

during the reporting year as a way of strengthening our corporate

both within and outside the Bank, such as at events or in staff

culture. This is intended to raise employees’ awareness of integri-

groups on various topics.

ty. And to motivate them to continue to act attentively, honestly
and fairly.
Our Code of Conduct is also based on our ComValues. These
set out minimum standards for behaving with integrity at the Bank

Number of women in management positions
up again

and helping us to assess situations correctly. If we follow these
principles, we protect the good reputation of the Bank and

In the year under review Commerzbank had 30.7% of manage-

strengthen our brand. We are confident this gives us a clear com-

ment positions occupied by women, more than in 2016. It remains

petitive advantage.

important for us to encourage female employees into management

During the year under review we revised the Code of Contact,

functions in future. Commerzbank has set itself the objective of

adding practical examples. The revised principles provide us with

having 35% of management positions held by women by the end

clear, understandable help in acting properly.

of 2021. Positions are of course filled solely on the basis of qualification and competence.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report
55
60
68
85
88

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

87

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

Bank encourages employees to live and work in
a way that is healthy

Attractive company benefits for employees
Along with remuneration, we also offer our employs many attrac-

Our employees are more motivated and can perform better if they

tive company benefits. These range from private and occupational

live and work in a way that is healthy. As long ago as 2012 Commerz-

retirement saving to risk insurance and numerous other extras.

bank gave a commitment to integrating health objectives in its HR

These benefits are all very relevant for our employees and support

policies and in all other areas of the business. Since then we have

our positioning as an attractive employer. We are keen to promote

shown dedication to the health of our employees well in excess of

the mobility of our employees. Once again in 2017, staff were able

what is required by law. We offer employees a wide range of in-

to lease bikes and bank cars. Around 5,300 employees made use

formation and training on health issues. We also encourage our

of this offer. For this first time this year the Bank included an elec-

managers to be aware of healthy behaviour in daily working life.

tric car in a leasing campaign. This is a further contribution to the

We also supported some 160 company sports groups with

Bank’s sustainability targets and highlights electromobility.

around 16,000 members in more than 50 types of sport at Commerz-

Commerzbank also regularly offers staff the opportunity to lease

bank during the year under review. We also ran numerous cam-

high-end IT devices for their private use.

paigns to encourage people to keep mobile. As in previous years,
just under 1,900 Commerzbank employees rose to the challenge of
walking at least 10,000 paces for 100 days.

Remuneration

Not only the physical but also the mental health of our employees is very important to us. The Employee Assistance Programme

As a result of the increased significance arising from greater reg-

(EAP) provides our staff with skilled advice in difficult personal

ulation, remuneration of all employees below the level of the

and professional situations.

Board of Managing Directors is disclosed in a separate report

ates a framework for healthy working.

(Remuneration Report pursuant to Section 16 of the Remuneration Ordinance for Institutions (Institutsvergütungsverordnung)).
This is published annually on the Commerzbank website at
www.commerzbank.com.

Group Management Report

Our holistic approach to company healthcare management cre-

88

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Outlook and opportunities report
Future economic situation

porate investment, which is being buoyed by promising sales prospects. In addition, the stronger crude price will again provide im-

The development of the global economy in 2018 will be deter-

petus to capital expenditure in oil and gas production. US exports

mined by geopolitical risks as well as the economic development

will probably rise as fast in 2018 as they did in 2017. To date, the

of emerging markets. The spotlight remains on China, where

fears of a trade war which emerged during the US presidential

growth will probably slow somewhat. Firstly, the important con-

election campaign have not been realised. Further support is likely

struction sector will expand less rapidly as real estate prices are

to come from the tax cuts which have been approved, benefiting

hardly rising any more; secondly, heavily indebted companies

both companies and employees.

(mainly state owned ones) will boost their investments at a lower

The US economy is set to grow by 2.7% in 2018, again faster

rate. The upturn in countries whose exports are dominated by raw

than productive potential. The already low unemployment rate will

materials, by contrast, will continue to gain in strength.

decline further. This will confirm the Federal Reserve in its expec-

In the USA there is every chance that the expansion which has

tation that core inflation (excluding food and energy) is heading

been under way for more than eight years will continue in 2018.

up towards 2% again. We therefore assume that they will raise

Private consumption will again rise sharply, driven by rising em-

benchmark interest rates in 2018, by a total of 100 basis points.

Group Management Report

ployment and accelerating wage growth. The same applies to cor-

Real gross domestic product
Change from previous year

2017

20181

20191

USA

2.3 %

2.7 %

2.3 %

Eurozone

2.5 %

2.5 %

2.3 %

Germany

2.2 %

2.5 %

1.8 %

Central and Eastern Europe

3.8 %

3.4 %

3.0 %

Poland

4.6 %

3.8 %

3.2 %

1 The figures for 2018 and 2019 are all Commerzbank forecasts.

A very powerful recovery is underway in the eurozone, which only

The German economy looks set to grow as fast in 2018 as it did

a change of direction by the ECB would put at risk. There is no

last year, once adjusted for the different number of working days.

sign of this on the horizon. The ECB halved its bond purchases at

On an unadjusted basis, the rise will be 2.5%, driven by vigorous

the start of the year, and will only buy ř30bn of securities per

investment activity. Consumption should post sound growth once

month until September, gradually ceasing altogether after that.

again. Slightly higher wage increases and a continued strong rise

But that does not mean the end of loose monetary policy. The ECB

in employment are still giving a powerful boost to employees’

deposit rate is likely to remain at –0.4% for a considerable time.

household income. Domestic demand is not the only source of

Low interest rates are making the still high debt levels of many

support, though. The German economy will continue to benefit

companies and households more sustainable.

from lively global demand. It is worthy of note, however, that unit

The solid economic growth will drive unemployment down fur-

labour costs at German companies have been rising faster than in

ther, but this will probably have little impact on the weak trend in

the rest of the currency union for several years now. And in the

wages. Underlying inflation will also remain weak.

property market, low interest rates are driving up prices, especially

The UK’s vote in favour of leaving the EU will have no further
impact on the eurozone economy. For one thing, it will probably
be several years before the UK actually leaves the internal market.
We also anticipate that it will ultimately conclude an agreement
with the EU that minimises the economic disruption.

in the major cities.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report
55
60
68
85
88

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

89

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

The US interest rate reversal and the continuation of the ECB’s

good one for equity investors once again. The healthy economy is

highly expansive monetary policy will once again shape the finan-

causing company profits to rise. The persistently loose monetary

cial markets in 2018. The end to ECB bond purchases will not have

policy is also supportive of equity valuations. The euro/dollar ex-

any major upward impact on the yield of 10-year German govern-

change rate looks set to weaken in 2018, as the Fed will probably

ment bonds. The bull run on equity markets is not yet over, alt-

hike its benchmark rates more than the markets currently expect.

hough volatility is likely to rise. The current year is set to be a

1

Exchange rates

31.12.2017

31.12.20181

31.12.20191

Euro/US-dollar

1.20

1.18

1.26

Euro/Sterling

0.88

0.88

0.92

Euro/Zloty

4.18

4.30

4.40

The figures for 2018 and 2019 are all Commerzbank forecasts.

Future situation in the banking
sector

A largely disorderly UK departure from the EU without any
transitional period or free trade agreement, which cannot be ruled
out despite the recent progress in the negotiations on the terms of
harm to the German banking sector, even though there would be

eurozone recovery that is increasingly self-sustaining, the risks for

marginally positive value creation effects as market-related finan-

the economic environment in which the banking sector operates

cial services are switched to Germany. The current level of integra-

are currently more balanced than before. Some of the dangers

tion between the UK and the EU, especially Germany, is very high,

previously noted remain. They include the risk of increasing pro-

due to specialisation in the internal market and international value

tectionist tendencies, a surprise stumble in Chinese growth or po-

chains. Banks’ foreign business with major German export clients

litical risks in Europe and the world. The vote in Sicily, for exam-

would be noticeably hit, especially, through trading, in cars, engi-

ple, increased the risk of parties critical of Europe potentially

neering, electricals, chemicals, pharmaceuticals, food and textiles.

winning the forthcoming parliament elections in Italy, and the

Wholesale deliveries are significant at the macro and micro-

country’s structural weaknesses remain a risk factor for the cur-

economic level for both Germany and the UK. Research by the Ifo

rency union. Any escalation in the North Korean conflict or the

Institute shows that at least 550,000 jobs in Germany depend on

tussle between Saudi Arabia and Iran could sharpen the percep-

exports to the UK, hence business with retail bank customers

tion of geopolitical risks. The bursting of the debt bubble, cascade

would be directly affected. In addition, the UK’s departure from

effects, a massive loss of confidence and political decisions could

the EU internal market and the customs union may affect trade

result in a significant setback to economic growth in China.

with other EU countries. Banks have to hope that their credit cus-

Over-reactions on the financial markets and misallocations in

tomers identify the risks Brexit will have for their own business

the real economy caused by the lengthy period of expansive

models, and mitigate these. In the short term there would be major

monetary policy would have a direct impact on the banking sector

general downside risk for the macro-economic environment from

through interest rate and commission business. High valuations

market jitters and political uncertainty, with a negative impact on

for equities and bonds, real estate markets and private equity have

the customers of the banking sector. The perception of serious

created plenty of scope for disappointment, and complacency and

institutional consequences from the departure of one of the three

optimism have in some cases got out of hand. Investors who nor-

large member states (in terms of the balance of power, a potential

mally buy safe assets might panic at market turbulence, and pro-

change of direction on free trade and the effect on the EU budget)

cyclical investors have become much more significant. The

could add to this. If the UK government lowers regulatory stand-

planned end to low interest rates for some central banks already

ards in the banking sector after Brexit to support London as a

risks causing financial market turmoil, especially as modest expec-

financial centre, the competitive position of the banks in the re-

tations about the speed and extent of monetary tightening could

maining EU countries would be harmed.

be disappointed. The Bundesbank recently pointed out that remeasurement risk, interest rate risk and default risk all occur at the
same time and can exacerbate each other.

Group Management Report

departure, would be equivalent to an economic shock and cause
Given the tailwind for the German and European economy and a

90

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

There is also ongoing uncertainty on the markets regarding the

The outlook for the banking environment in Poland remains

capital adequacy, interest rate risks, non-performing loans, cyber

gloomy for the medium term as a result of economic policy and

risks and especially profitability of European banks. The recent

the dispute with the EU over the effect of European law. We still

finalisation of the Basel 3 regulations raises the question of con-

expect the banking sector to come under pressure from the newly

sistent implementation; this, together with the issues where the

introduced bank levy and other potential measures to increase the

supervisors were unable to reach any consensus, could cause in-

government’s influence. The close trade relations with the UK

vestor uncertainty. The focus remains on individual business mod-

would also cause harm in the event of a disorderly Brexit.

els for sustainable profit generation and stress resistance in the

The Polish economy continues to grow strongly, though. After a

low interest rate environment. One of the main challenges still fac-

healthy rise of around 4.6% in economic output last year, 2018 is

ing banks is to adapt their business models – in view of ongoing

likely to see a strong gain of about 3.8%. Private consumption will

overcapacity in some countries coupled with new technology-

again play a major role, accentuated by fiscal policy measures

driven competitors – to the changed conditions, reduce costs and

such as support programmes for families and pensioners. The

increase profitability. This means pushing ahead with the system-

country also benefits from strong demand from Germany. In addi-

atic modernisation of banking operations and making sufficient

tion, as the funding period draws to an end, an increasing amount

capacity available for digitalisation.

of EU funding can be expected to be drawn down. Hence, invest-

All in all, the eurozone banking sector is still in the middle of a

ment should again make a perceptible contribution to growth in

long-term structural transformation triggered by the crisis of the

2018. The positive trend in wages and unemployment should gen-

last few years. The stronger capital base is offset by reductions in

erally boost credit volumes, and the solid position of private

implicit government guarantees, stricter rules on resolution and

households and the corporate sector will be reflected favourably in

greater creditor loss participation. A further reduction in leverage

banks’ risk costs.

exposure levels and improved asset quality in an increasingly digi-

Group Management Report

talised and automated industry are still essential if the banking
sector is to meet the tougher requirements of banking supervisors
and fulfil investor expectations.
Economically, the sector will receive a boost in 2018 for its

Financial outlook for the
Commerzbank Group

business with retail and corporate customers from the macroeconomic environment. The more robust global economy is based

Planned funding measures

on an upturn which is broader in terms of countries and contributors. International trade in goods is benefiting from the broadly

Commerzbank anticipates a capital market funding requirement of

rooted uptrend, as is, finally, capital expenditure; private compa-

less than ř10bn over the coming years. Commerzbank offers a

nies in particular appear to be putting aside their unwillingness to

broad range of products in the capital market. In addition to unse-

invest. The good performance seen in employment and incomes

cured funding instruments such as senior unsecured and Tier 2,

continues to support consumption growth and savings. The best

Commerzbank can also issue secured funding instruments, in par-

environment for banks would be a steady economic upturn and a

ticular mortgage Pfandbriefe and public-sector Pfandbriefe. These

rise in yields that is slow and only gradual. But, large repayments

give Commerzbank stable access to long-term funding with cost

by customers and the increased use of internal and alternative ex-

advantages compared with unsecured sources of funding. As such,

ternal sources of funding, along with tough competition, will limit

Pfandbriefe are a key element of Commerzbank’s funding mix.

income growth.

Issuance formats range from large-volume benchmark bonds to
private placements. Commerzbank does not anticipate any negative effects on the placing of long-term funding instruments in the
capital market from the forthcoming Brexit negotiations.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report
55
60
68
85
88

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

91

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

Group maturity profile of capital market issues as at 31 December 2017
řbn
12

8

4

0
2018
Covered bonds

2019

2020

2021

Unsecured issues

2022

2023

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028

>2028

Subordinated debt

By regularly reviewing and adjusting the assumptions used for li-

There will also be further investment in Commerzbank’s sales

quidity management and the long-term funding requirement,

platform. The findings from analyses of customer needs will be fed

Commerzbank will continue to respond actively to changes in the

in a targeted manner to channels such as branches, the Customer

market environment and business performance in order to secure a

Centre or online banking to permit an industrialised, scaled and

comfortable liquidity cushion and an appropriate funding structure.

automated customer approach and customer service. Tailored ofand promote cross and upselling. This calls for the efficient use of

Planned investments

big data and advanced analytics as part of digital customer relationship management (DCRM). In-depth analysis of internal and

Commerzbank plans to invest around ř1bn in 2018. Around two-

external data identifies untapped customer potential and allows

thirds of this relates to IT investment. Some 45% of investments

the Bank to generate tailored offerings. Analytical DCRM is also

are on digitalisation, around 25% on regulatory issues and just

used to generate leads: the leads generated (prospective custom-

under 20% on our infrastructure.

ers) are collected, managed and processed in a targeted manner in
the customer pool. Budgets for marketing and sales campaigns

Private and Small-Business Customers

can then be allocated more efficiently.

The main investment targets for the branch bank in 2018 are still

Implementing the wide range of ever higher regulatory require-

initiatives relating to the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy and compli-

ments in a timely and customer-centric manner remains the

ance with regulatory requirements.

Bank’s top priority. Investments are focusing on implementing the

The focus is on continuing the digitalisation activities. These

requirements under the EU General Data Protection Regulation,

include in particular investments in the new multi-channel plat-

changed tax legislation and process optimisations related to the

form ONE, where the expansion of functionalities for customers

EU Directive MiFID II.

and employees is being steadily driven ahead. Maintenance costs

2018 will also see more rigorous work on making the structure

are being reduced by decommissioning individual systems, using

of the branch business more efficient. The core of the measures

individual components throughout the entire Group and increasing

being taken is the implementation of an advisory model which

standardisation. Compliance requirements can be better met by

pays closer attention to a differentiated service offering in the in-

harmonising processes, products and services. The platform also

dividual locations, along with a clear digitalisation strategy. At the

makes it possible to connect for example fintech companies, thus

same time, local presence will be consistently maintained. Invest-

making the business model more flexible.

ments in the branch business in 2018 will focus on the accelerated
rollout of the flagship branch format and the City branches successfully piloted in 2017.

Group Management Report

ferings targeted at specific needs increase customer satisfaction

92

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Investments in digitalisation, the sales platform, the advisory

Our digital corporate client credit will be rolled out in 2018:

model and regulatory implementation will again form the basis for

this lets customers make a simple online application for credit

the small-business customers unit in 2018. At the same time, as

lines of up to ř5m, receive an immediate response and download

part of Commerzbank 4.0 the Bank will again invest in 2018 in

the loan agreement once it has been agreed. There will also be a

specific issues relevant to companies and entrepreneurs. The fo-

focus on actively managing compliance risks. The segment will

cus is on further developing digital liquidity management, extend-

continue to invest globally in strengthening the compliance cul-

ing our leasing offering and the foreign business offering for cor-

ture, largely by holding appropriate training sessions.

Group Management Report

porate customers. Another focus for investment will be completing
the new advisory model for small-business customers in the

Campus/journeys

branches and taking over customers from the Corporate Clients

Commerzbank is transforming itself into a digital technology com-

segment. In future, small-business customers with turnover of less

pany in order to significantly speed up service provision for cus-

than ř15m will be covered across the country at over 300 loca-

tomers while improving efficiency within the Bank. As part of

tions by more than 1,600 employees specialised in dealing with

Commerzbank 4.0 the Bank is pursuing the strategic objective of

entrepreneurs.

having 80% of the relevant business processes end-to-end digital-

Planned investments at mBank in financial year 2018 will again

ised by the end of 2020. The first major digitalisation processes at

concentrate on digitalisation. Client-related and internal processes

Commerzbank may be completed in 2018. In addition, three fur-

will be further optimised and automated in order to extend and

ther digitalisation projects will be launched this year. Up to 1,000

reinforce the leading competitive position. Against the backdrop of

staff are still working on the digital campus.

digital transformation, it will be crucial to have an agile organisa-

The digitalisation will not be approached in the same way as

tion. The projects planned for 2018 systematically support the

traditional projects, but grouped into thematically related end-to-

“mobile (banking) first” approach of a customer-focused multi-

end process bundles known as master journeys. Responsibility for

channel bank. A comprehensive understanding of customers and

each lies with a lead executive. For each journey, implementation

their needs is essential to gain new clients and retain existing

will be driven forward by two members of the Board of Managing

ones. The investments will make it possible to offer financial solu-

Directors as sponsors. The journeys follow a vision the teams work

tions customised to customer needs. Further activities aim to

towards in short intermediate stages at set deadlines, known as

boost process efficiency and optimise costs. Various initiatives

sprints. The ongoing and planned digitalisation projects are

from 2017 will continue in 2018. Among them are the One Net-

grouped together in the Digital Campus and agile working meth-

work project and investments to improve and standardise IT infra-

ods are applied.

structure at mBank and IT security. The One Network project will
see further advisory centres and “light” branches opened in 2018.

Back office

There will also be investments for regulatory requirements, includ-

Commerzbank will continue in 2018 with the ongoing optimisation

ing MiFID II, split payment of VAT in Poland and cooperation with

of the IT structure. There will also be significant investment in

a state clearing house belonging to the national tax authority.

payment transactions and securities processing. At the end of
2017 Commerzbank entered into a strategic partnership in securi-

Corporate Clients

ties processing with HSBC Transaction Services GmbH. This will

The investments at the Corporate Clients segment in 2018 will

allow Commerzbank to work on a cost efficient, modern and flexi-

again concentrate on the measures decided as part of the Commerz-

ble platform.

bank 4.0 strategy. The emphasis will be on the growth programme

Investments are also being made in big data and advanced an-

“Leading the Future” – the top position in the Mittelstand. This

alytics. This describes making smart use of the data Commerz-

aims to gain market share and expand the market position in Ger-

bank holds from public sources or is given voluntarily by custom-

many by clearly focusing all actions on the needs of sales and the

ers. The aim is to address customers in a focused manner, create

customer. At the same time, the ever rising level of digitalisation

added value for the customer and open up new opportunities for

will make it possible to reduce administrative activities in sales,

business.

creating more time for customers and allowing better support for
existing customers, e.g. using sales analytics.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report
55
60
68
85
88

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

93

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

The compliance function will be reinforced in connection with

Our business planning is done such that a liquidity cushion can

the further development of legal compliance and ethical principles.

be maintained commensurate with the prevailing market condi-

Ever stricter regulatory requirements mean Commerzbank

tions and related uncertainties. This is supported by our stable

needs to make substantial investments in order to comply with

business model in private and corporate customer business and

national and international standards. Among the expenditure

continued access to secured and unsecured debt instruments in

planned in 2018 is the implementation of the EU General Data

the money and capital markets.

Protection Regulation (GDPR).

Anticipated liquidity trends

Managing opportunities at
Commerzbank

kets were again strongly affected by the monetary policy measures

The demands placed on modern, sustainable banking business

implemented by the European Central Bank (ECB) to support the

have changed markedly in the past few years. The pressure on

economic recovery in the eurozone and prevent deflationary

profitability has increased significantly in respect of both earnings

trends.

and costs. Rising competition means old structures have to be re-

The ECB made an additional ř60bn of liquidity available each

viewed and new paths taken. Whereas in the past, personal cus-

month up to the end of 2017 through the securities purchase pro-

tomer relationship management was a key element of banking,

gramme. From January 2018 onwards it intends to buy ř30bn of

these days our customers expect multi-channel advisory services,

government bonds and other securities every month. The pro-

digital financial offerings and individual, tailor-made products. We

gramme is to run until at least the end of September 2018, nine

are rising to these challenges with the strategic initiatives we have

months longer than previously planned. There was a further in-

launched and in some cases already successfully implemented.

crease in excess liquidity to just under ř1,800m as at the end of

But we face additional challenges from increasingly stringent reg-

December 2017. We expect that in 2018 the ECB will again be a

ulatory requirements. With this in mind, the constant review of

net buyer of more securities than those that fall due. The transla-

internal processes, structures and technical platforms to make

tion into demand for credit will remain modest.

ourselves leaner, more efficient and more customer-oriented is not

The restrictive regulatory environment and ECB interest rate

a one-off project but an ongoing process that will occupy us over

policy are still having a limiting effect on turnover in the repo

the coming years and should enable us to largely counteract the

market. The ECB’s purchase programme is continuing to cause a

significantly tougher requirements.

shortage of collateral. Owing to the high excess liquidity in the

The Commerzbank 4.0 strategy announced in autumn 2016 has

market, the volume of longer-term securities repo transactions is

three main thrusts. Firstly, we are concentrating on businesses

restricted. Liquidity trends on the bond markets are still dictated

with clear competitive advantages and getting rid of non-core ac-

largely by the ECB’s activities. Secondary market liquidity, which

tivities. Secondly, we are transforming ourselves into a digital

has already been significantly reduced, will remain modest due to

technology company. And thirdly, we are simplifying the Bank’s

the ECB’s activities. We still anticipate that interest rates will be

structure and thus boosting our efficiency. Our aim is to be the

negative out to three years, with persistently high demand from

leading bank in Germany for private, small-business and corporate

investors for high-quality securities, and therefore expect credit

clients. We want to provide a modern and superior range of digital

spreads to remain tight.

and personal services, close to the customer and offering fast and

Commerzbank’s liquidity management is well prepared to cope

efficient processing. We will remain personal and digital: the cus-

with changing market conditions and able to respond promptly to

tomer can decide which channel to use to contact us. The Bank

new market circumstances. We also anticipate no significant im-

concentrates its customer activities in two strong sales segments –

pact on our liquidity situation from Brexit. The Bank has a com-

Private and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients.

fortable liquidity position that is well above internal limits and the
currently applicable requirements prescribed by the German Liquidity Regulation and MaRisk.

Group Management Report

In the fourth quarter of 2017 the eurozone money and capital mar-

94

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

By 2020 the Private and Small-Business Customers segment

For some time we have been involved in start-ups, both directly

will become a digital multi-channel bank in Germany. The key

and through our subsidiaries CommerzVentures, main incubator

elements of this are digital and analogue service offerings, new

and the digitalisation platform #openspace. We support entrepre-

sales platforms and a differentiated branch concept. Our network

neurs with good ideas, so we have a finger on the pulse of tomor-

of around 1,000 branches retains its vital central role, but we want

row’s innovations. The Digital Leadership programme will support

to achieve faster growth by combining digital platform strategies

our managers in their multiplier role for digital change.

with modern branch formats. The “ONE” sales application is a

The digital campus will become the engine driving the Com-

standardised technical platform for online and branch sales.

merzbank transformation, testing and developing new, agile work-

Broad-based market coverage is assured through flagship branch-

ing methods and new forms of cooperation. This will bring us to

es focusing on advisory services and city branches that combine

results more quickly and allow us to deal with changes more flexi-

efficient customer service with a reduced infrastructure and lower

bly. We already have some success stories to show along the way,

operating costs. With the aim of gaining two million net new cus-

with digital proofs relating to customer interfaces, new technolo-

tomers by 2020, the Bank is offering attractive products such as

gies and the digital world of work.

digital instalment loans and digital asset management and working

The specific opportunities arising for the two customer seg-

with partners such as Tchibo, Amazon and Lufthansa. Small-

ments this year are described in the corresponding parts of the

business customers are handled in a separate business unit within

“Segment performance” section.

the Private and Small-Business Customers segment. We combine
strong expertise in private customer business with the credit experience of Mittelstandsbank. New digital offerings coupled with a
nationwide local presence will enable us to significantly increase
our share of the business customer and smaller Mittelstand cus-

Anticipated performance of the
Commerzbank Group

Group Management Report

tomer markets from 5% to 8%. The holistic advisory services take
both business and private considerations into account.

The banking environment remained very challenging in 2017, but

The Corporate Clients segment combines the Bank’s traditional

Commerzbank laid important foundations for achieving a sustain-

strengths in corporate banking – a national presence coupled with

ably higher level of profitability in the medium term with the help

support for customers entering international markets, a unique

of the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy. The ř0.8bn of restructuring ex-

relationship management model and a leading range of trade and

pense needed to implement these strategic measures was recog-

export financing services – with the capital market know-how of

nised in full in the last financial year. In financial year 2018 Com-

our investment bank. We are thus creating the optimal framework

merzbank will continue to focus on growth in customers and

for developing solutions tailored to the specific needs of larger

business volumes and sustainably improving the market position

companies. We will also leverage our expertise in Germany’s key

in the two core segments Private and Small-Business Customers

industries at a European level in order to better harness it for in-

and Corporate Clients, and on high investment in the digital trans-

ternational growth. Our aim is to be the leading provider of hedg-

formation of the business model. This will lay the basis for consid-

ing products for corporate clients and the number one debt house.

erable growth in income in the coming years, as well as significant

We strive to ensure a uniformly high quality of advice worldwide.

gains in efficiency. In the Asset & Capital Recovery segment, which

Corporate customer advisors in Germany not only coordinate the

groups together complex, long-term and risky portfolios that make

involvement of product specialists, they also work with the Bank’s

no strategic value contribution, Commerzbank expects to see fur-

global client service teams. The multilingual relationship manag-

ther substantial success in making reductions. We assume that by

ers and specialists on the European desks in their global markets

the end of 2018 the ship financing portfolio can be shrunk to a

are in constant contact with corporate customer advisors in the

volume which is negligible for risk purposes. This will further

domestic market.

strengthen Commerzbank’s resilience to adverse stress scenarios.

We will transform the Bank into a digital technology company

We expect no material change to the challenging overall condi-

across all segments. This restructuring affects strategy, technolo-

tions in the current business year. In addition to low or negative

gy, competence and culture. We will actively drive forward digital-

interest rates, the stiffer competitive situation, reflected in lower

isation in the banking business and be a technology leader. We

margins on new lending and weaker profitability in deposits, will

want to be number one is all technologies that provide our cus-

weigh on income.

tomers with speed, security and convenience.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report
55
60
68
85
88

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

95

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

In our view, any acceleration of the improvements in income

For institutional and corporate customers, more frequent peri-

and earnings we are aiming for in the medium terms, which would

ods of volatility on the financial markets, triggering increased ac-

require a normalisation of the yield curve and rising rates at the

tivities of market participants in primary and secondary markets, is

short end of the curve in particular, is unlikely in 2018. The priori-

likely to help commission business.

ty in the current year, therefore, will be to improve the quality of

The uncertainties as to the performance and volatility of the

customer-related income and earnings. This means, firstly, that

global capital markets make it difficult to forecast gains or losses

total Group income in the current business year will probably not

from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through

quite reach the level seen in 2017. Adjusting for the exceptional,

profit and loss. Commerzbank continues to apply its risk-oriented,

one-time income last year, however, Commerzbank is aiming for a

customer-centric approach to ensure as stable a contribution as

slight growth in income. Secondly, the high quality of the loan

possible from this business. This income item now includes

portfolio in the core Private and Small-Business Customers and

remeasurement effects on assets reclassified under IFRS 9 on 1

Corporate Clients segments, together with the considerably low-

January 2018, such as the ship financing portfolio. Commerzbank

ered level of risk in Asset & Capital Recovery, will permit a further

is targeting a substantial reduction in the ship portfolio, which is

significant reduction in the risk provisioning requirement. With

measured at fair value, by the end of 2018, without any material

continued strict management of operating expenses, on our fore-

effect on earnings.

cast Commerzbank will be able to reach another milestone in 2018
on the path to higher profitability, as set out in our strategy.

We estimate that the other income items, including realised
gains or losses on financial instruments and other net income, will
in total be significantly below last year’s high level in 2018. Financial year 2017 benefited from one-off income and measurement

Anticipated performance of individual earnings
components

effects of the order of just under ř500m, including gains on dis-

As in the previous year, efficient asset liability management is one

again weigh on income, we anticipate slight growth in income on

of the challenges for increasing interest income in an interest rate

an adjusted basis in the current year. The core income items, net

environment which is likely to remain difficult. The focus will be

interest income and net commission income, should deliver the

on managing the ratio of loans to deposits by strictly controlling

lion’s share of this. Including the one-off income recognised last

deposits and growing the business in the Private and Small-

year and unlikely to be repeated in 2018, or at least not on the

Business Customers and Corporate Clients segments. To counter

same scale, income overall will be slightly below last year’s figure.

posal of a shareholding and a real estate transaction.

the tighter margin situation, which is being driven by competition,

In a scenario of rising interest rates, especially at the short end

Commerzbank will emphasise high-margin financing such as con-

of the yield curve, we would regard a significantly larger rise in

sumer loans (now operating on a proprietary platform since mid-

income as realistic.

2017), without neglecting strict risk metrics. We still see promis-

The introduction of IFRS 9 affects the forecast of the risk result,

ing potential for growth in the private and small-customer busi-

which is comparable but not identical to the old loan loss provision

ness in Germany and at mBank in Central and Eastern Europe. In

item. The risk result now includes, for example, gains or losses on

business with corporate customers, by contrast, who in the current

disposal of financial instruments mainly recognised at cost, a sub-

very favourable economic environment have considerable capacity

component that cannot be reliably forecast but is also not ex-

to finance themselves, only a slight expansion of business is again

pected to be material in size. Commerzbank expects a risk result

likely to be possible. At Group level Commerzbank is aiming for a

of less than ř600m for financial year 2018. Unlike in previous

slight increase in net interest income overall.

years, the Asset & Capital Recovery segment will in our view no

The slight increase targeted in net commission income in both

longer require any significant risk costs. Apart from the fact that

Private and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients is

from 1 January 2018 measurement changes on the ship financing

mainly related to growth in the securities and capital markets

portfolio are reported in the gain or loss on financial assets meas-

business. For private customers, higher volume-based income

ured at fair value, the now advanced reduction of the ACR portfolio

from mandate business combined with a further expected increase

also plays a role in this.

in volumes held in custody accounts should compensate for the
loss of income from distributing consumer loans and lead to higher
commission income overall.

Group Management Report

Despite our expectation that the interest rate environment will

Group Management Report

96

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

One major reason for the expected significant rise in the risk

We will particularly push ahead with the high-margin consumer

result related to the Private and Small-Business Customers and

loan business in 2018, but we are also planning volume growth

Corporate Clients segments also has to do with the introduction of

above the market average again in real estate financing. Increased

IFRS 9: since the start of this year, expected credit losses on a

penetration of the existing customer base offers further scope to

one-year view must be booked at the time of initial recognition for

boost income. The focus is on a product range which is tending to

new lending business, regardless of whether any impairment ex-

narrow, but the increasing digitalisation of the offering improves

pense is actually incurred. The strategic decision to operate the

customer benefits and simultaneously makes it possible to gain in

high-margin consumer finance business, with comparatively high-

efficiency. The segment also anticipates cost efficiency from pro-

er expected risk costs, on Commerzbank’s own platform will there-

cess optimisation, e.g. by extending the central ONE sales plat-

fore push up the expected risk result. The expected growth in

form. Our Polish subsidiary mBank, which operates one of the

credit risk costs in the core business areas does not, overall, reflect

most innovative direct banking platforms in Europe, will further

any deterioration in the very good quality of our loan portfolio.

build on its good market position in both corporate and private

The expectation of above-average portfolio quality is also reflected

customer business, especially in its home market. A further rise in

in our forecast that in the current year only a relatively small share

income is therefore expected. Operating expenses should grow in

of the risk result is likely to relate to value losses caused by a sig-

line with income, despite another expected heavy burden from

nificant deterioration of credit quality, known as phase 2 impair-

regulatory costs. In our view, the forecast significant increase in

ments under IFRS 9. From 1 January 2018 expected lifetime losses

the risk result for the whole Private and Small-Business Customers

in the risk result must be taken through profit and loss when credit

segment is mainly related to the introduction of IFRS 9 and does

exposures suffer a material rating deterioration.

not reflect any material change in the high quality of the loan

Commerzbank expects the operating expense in 2018 to be be-

book. All in all we expect a significant increase in income in the

low last year’s level thanks to continuous efficiency improvements;

Private and Small-Business Customers segment in 2018 on an ad-

our cost base should be capped at ř7.0bn. Investments to increase

justed basis, i.e. excluding the ř200m or so of one-off income rec-

future profitability, such as the digitalisation campaign in all divi-

ognised in the year under review. Taken with slightly lower operat-

sions of the Group, are planned to be on the same scale as in

ing expenses, there should be a significant improvement in

2017. We also anticipate no let up in regulatory costs, such as

operating profit and operating return on equity. There is likely to

banking levies, which again rose significantly in 2017, for the fore-

be a slight drop in the cost/income ratio.

seeable future. The first favourable cost impact will be felt in the

Under the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy, the Corporate Clients

course of 2018, although the positive effects from the planned effi-

segment will focus in 2018 on further strengthening and improv-

ciency enhancement measures such as the headcount adjustment

ing its leading market position in many areas. As well as accessing

are not scheduled to become increasingly visible until the years

new customer groups, including abroad, the broadening of the

that follow. By providing in full for the restructuring expense last

existing customer base and associated market share gains should

year we have laid the foundations for sustainably reducing the cost

boost profitability. Areas of business where Commerzbank has par-

base to ř6.5bn in financial year 2020.

ticular competitive strengths, such as trade financing, have the
potential for further growth in income. The transformation to the
agreed target organisational structure will also be driven forward,

Anticipated segment performance

including the spin-off of Equity Markets & Commodities. It remains our firm intention to bring these business activities to the

In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment, higher cus-

market in the short to medium term. Segment activities in the cur-

tomer numbers and business volumes remain the key driver of

rent year will focus on the ongoing transformation of advisory and

income. We regard the steady conversion to a multi-channel bank

sales processes and the continuing digitalisation and modernisa-

with innovative branch and sales concepts and increasing digitali-

tion of the product range, which will allow increasing efficiency

sation of products and processes as a competitive advantage al-

gains over time. The income side will continue to be held back by

lowing us to gain further market share and improve profitability.

tighter margins as a result of stiffer competition in new lending

The lending business will remain a focus for growth, although the

and knock-on effects from activities discontinued in 2017 which

unhelpful interest rate and competitive environment is such that

are no longer part of the core business. By rigorously implement-

the planned volume growth will probably not be fully felt in growth

ing the planned growth initiatives the Corporate Clients segment is

in income.

aiming to increase income overall above the level seen last year.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report
55
60
68
85
88

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

97

Basis of the Commerzbank Group
Economic report
Segment performance
Our employees
Outlook and opportunities report

Operating profit should also rise somewhat. This forecast is

General statement on the outlook for the Group

risk result primarily related to the introduction of IFRS 9 can be

In financial year 2018 Commerzbank will focus on continuing to

largely compensated by the targeted slight decline in operating

implement the Commerzbank 4.0 strategy. On our forecast, slightly

expenses. With the operating return on equity forecast to change

lower income with slightly lower operating expenses and a signifi-

little, we assume a slight improvement in the cost/income ratio.

cant fall in the risk result will give an operating profit almost on

The Asset & Capital Recovery segment will continue the reduc-

the level of the previous year and a slightly worse cost/income

tion strategy it has been successfully implementing over recent

ratio. Excluding the effect from one-off income last year, operating

years in 2018. We are confident that the ship financing portfolio

income this year will rise slightly, resulting in a slight improve-

can be reduced to a level which is scarcely material from the risk

ment in the cost/income ratio; on this adjusted basis there is a sig-

perspective by the end of 2018. Further focused portfolio sales are

nificant improvement in operating profit. As no more significant

possible in commercial real estate, and on an opportunistic basis

restructuring expenses are likely to be needed, we expect a strong

in public finance, provided they meet the objective of protecting

rise in the consolidated surplus in the current year. As a result we

value. Income will fall significantly accordingly. Following the re-

see the return on equity and economic value added on a substan-

classification of the ship financing portfolio to an “other” business

tially higher level. We expect the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio

model after the introduction of IFRS 9, measurement changes are

(after full application of Basel 3) to fall to around 13.3% as at

no longer reflected in the risk result but in gain or loss from finan-

1 January 2018 due to initial application of IFRS 9 and be at least

cial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit and

13% at the end of the year. Temporary fluctuations in the ratio

loss. Only the commercial real estate portfolio is largely still classi-

during the year due to market movements cannot be ruled out.

fied under the “hold” business model, in other words a deteriora-

We plan to use the profit for the year mainly to further

tion in credit quality results in risk provisioning charges being re-

strengthen the capital base by retaining it. In view of Commerz-

ported in the risk result. On our forecast, the gain or loss on fair

bank’s comfortable equity capital position and the intention to fur-

value measurement in 2018 will hit profitability materially less

ther improve the risk profile, we are aiming to pay a dividend for

than loan loss provisions did in 2017, which were required almost

financial year 2018.

solely for ship financing. This assumption is based on the view

Despite the clearly strengthened resilience to external influ-

that there will be signs of recovery in some segments of the global

ences in recent years, there are numerous risk factors that could

shipping market during the current year, but whether these can be

affect the forecast profit for 2018 to a considerable but not reliably

sustained is highly uncertain. Even in a stress scenario with char-

quantifiable extent should events take an unfavourable turn. These

ter rates falling further, however, the forecast of relatively lower

include the geopolitical situation, which is marked by great uncer-

risk costs should remain valid thanks to the strong reduction in the

tainty and significant regional tensions. Widely diverging trends in

size of the portfolio. The risk result is likely to be materially lower.

interest rates between the USA, where a normalisation of mone-

Overall for Asset & Capital Recovery, excluding measurement ef-

tary policy is now well under way, and Europe for example, where

fects (which regularly make up a substantial amount of total in-

an end to unconventional central bank measures is only starting to

come but cannot be reliably forecast), we anticipate another signif-

emerge, could result in large price corrections on the capital mar-

icant reduction in the operating loss.

kets. Excessive volatility on the financial markets could also be
triggered by sharp swings in the currency markets and the very
high level of valuations on international bond and stock markets.

Group Management Report

based on the assumption that the expected significant rise in the

98

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

This could significantly harm the currently very positive economic outlook in many economies, especially Germany, which is
closely integrated into the world economy. Other risk factors include unfavourable trends in the regulatory or legal environment,
which could delay the impact of the intended cost improvements,
or bring about a further tightening of the competitive situation in
Germany, which could limit potential income by making the margins on new business unattractive from a risk/return perspective.

Group Risk Report
The Group Risk Report is a separate reporting section in the An-

Group Management Report

nual Report. It forms part of the Group Management Report.

Group Risk Report
› In the Group Risk Report, we give a comprehensive presentation of the risks

Group Risk Report

we are exposed to. We provide a detailed insight into the organisation and key
processes of our risk management. Our primary aim is to ensure that all risks
in Commerzbank are fully identified, monitored and managed based on
adequate procedures at all times.

100

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Contents
101
102

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
102 Risk management organisation
103 Risk strategy and risk management
104 Risk ratios
105 Risk-bearing capacity and stress testing
106 Regulatory environment

108

Default risk
108 Strategy and organisation
109 Risk management
113 Commerzbank Group
115 Private and Small-Business Customers segment
115 Corporate Clients segment
116 Asset & Capital Recovery segment
117 Further portfolio analyses

120

Market risk
120 Strategy and organisation
121 Risk management
121 Trading book
123 Banking book
123 Market liquidity risk

124

Liquidity risk
124 Strategy and organisation

Group Risk Report

124 Risk management
124 Liquidity risk model
125 Quantification and stress testing
125 Liquidity reserves
126 Liquidity ratios

126

Operational risk
126 Strategy and organisation
127 Risk management

128

Other risks
128 Legal risk
130 Compliance risk
131 Reputational risk
131 IT risk
132 Cyber risk
132 Human resources risk
133 Business strategy risk
133 Model risk

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Financial Statements

Further Information

101

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

Executive summary 2017
Solid capitalisation and high risk-bearing capacity ratio

•

Risk-bearing capacity
řbn

The risk coverage potential remained stable with ř30bn. The

178%

217%

30

30

RBC ratio

risk-bearing capacity ratio was on a high level at 217%.

•

17

14

The decrease in the economically required capital is mainly

Economically
required capital

driven by market risk.
12/16

Exposure reduction in the Asset & Capital Recovery segment

•

12/17

EaD
řbn

ACR exposure in the performing loan book totalled ř13bn and

14

13

was reduced as planned by ř1.5bn in the course of 2017.

•

Commercial Real Estate

Ship Finance exposure in ACR was reduced from ř4.8bn to

Ship Finance

ř2.6bn.

Public Finance
12/16

Loan loss provisions for the Group lower at ř781m

•

12/17

Loan loss provisions
řm

Loan loss provisions in ACR were significantly reduced,
particularly in Ship Finance.

•

Risk coverage potential

900

781

The Private and Small-Business Customers as well as the
Group

Corporate Clients segments benefit from stable environment
and high quality of the loan book. However, the Corporate

12/16

12/17

Clients segment was impacted by the default of an individual

Market risk in the trading book fell in the course of 2017

Group Risk Report

exposure.

VaR
řm

•

The Value-at-Risk fell from ř15m to ř9m over the year.

•

This is mainly due to position changes.

15
9
Group
12/16

Operational risks decreased year-on-year

12/17

Risk-weighted assets from operational risks
řbn

•

Risk-weighted assets from operational risks fell to ř21.0bn.

•

The decrease is mainly due to the update of external loss data.

23.9

21.0

Group
12/16

12/17

102

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Risk-oriented
overall bank management
Commerzbank defines risk as the danger of possible losses or

implementing the Group’s risk policy guidelines laid down by the

profits foregone due to internal or external factors. In risk

full Board of Managing Directors, controlling of operational risks

management, we normally distinguish between quantifiable and

and he regularly reports to the Board of Managing Directors and

non-quantifiable types of risk. Quantifiable risks are those to which

the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee on the risk situation

a value can normally be attached in financial statements or in

within the Group. For other risks (e.g. IT risks or legal risks) the

regulatory capital requirements, while non-quantifiable risks

responsibility for the second line of defence is located outside the

include reputational and compliance risk.

risk function depending on the kind of risk. The third line of
defence is internal audit.
The responsibilities within the risk function are split between

Risk management organisation

Credit Risk Management Core, Credit Risk Management Non-Core,
Intensive Care, Market Risk Management and Risk Controlling and

Risk Management in Commerzbank is an overarching bank

Capital Management. In all segments except for Asset & Capital

mission and follows the principle of the “three lines of defence”.

Recovery (ACR), credit risk management is separated into a

Each unit (segments and functions) forms the first line of defence

performing loan area and Intensive Care, while in ACR it has been

within its framework of operative responsibility. For credit, market

merged into a single unit across all rating classes. All divisions

and liquidity risk the responsibility for the second line of defence

have a direct reporting line to the CRO.

lies with the Chief Risk Officer (CRO). The CRO is responsible for

Board of Managing Directors
Chief Risk Officer

Group Risk Report

Risk Management Function

Credit Risk
Management
Core

Credit Risk
Management
Non-Core

Intensive Care

Market Risk
Management

Risk Controlling and
Capital Management

The full Board of Managing Directors has exclusive responsibility

The Group Credit Committee is the decision-making commit-

for fundamental strategic decisions. The Board of Managing

tee for operative credit risk management, comprising two repre-

Directors has delegated operative risk management to committees.

sentatives each from the back office and front office. The Group

Under the relevant rules of procedure, these are the Group Credit

Credit Committee operates on the basis of the credit risk strategy.

Committee, the Group Market Risk Committee, the Group OpRisk

It takes decisions in line with the competencies delegated to it by

Committee and the Group Strategic Risk Committee, which

the full Board of Managing Directors.

decides on risk issues of an overarching nature. The CRO chairs all

The Group Market Risk Committee monitors market risk

these committees and has the right of veto. In addition, the CRO is

throughout the Group and manages limit requirements in line with

a member of the Asset Liability Committee.

risk-bearing capacity. To do this, all market risks from the trading

The tasks and competencies of the respective committees are
described below:

and banking book are analysed to identify risks early and for active
risk management purposes. The focus here is on optimising the
risk/return profile.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

The Group OpRisk Committee (OpRiskCo) is responsible for

Financial Statements

Further Information

103

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

Risk strategy and risk management

managing operational risks within the Group and in this regard
acts as the highest escalation and decision-making committee

The overall risk strategy, together with the business strategy,

below the full Board of Managing Directors. The OpRiskCo also

defines the strategic risk management guidelines for the develop-

addresses all important regulatory issues that arise in connection

ment of Commerzbank’s investment portfolio. Furthermore, the

with the management of operational risks and the implementation

risk appetite is set as the maximum risk that the Bank is prepared

of the advanced measurement approach within the Group. In

and able to accept while following its business objectives without

addition, it deals with standards on governance and assessing the

exposing itself to existential threats over and above the risks

functioning of the Internal Control System (ICS) within the

inherent in the business. The guiding idea is to ensure that the

Commerzbank Group. Details about the ICS can be found in the

Group holds sufficient liquidity and capital. Based on these

section on operational risks.

requirements, suitable limits for the risk resources capital and

The Group Strategic Risk Committee acts as the discussion

liquidity reserve available to the Group are defined. The overarch-

and decision-making committee for all types of risk, and its main

ing limits of the overall risk strategy are consistent with the

objective is to monitor and manage risks at portfolio level. This

indicator thresholds of the recovery plan.

The central Asset

Banks’ core functions as transformers of liquidity and risk

Liability Committee (ALCO) is the

result in inevitable threats that can in extreme cases endanger the

Commerzbank Group committee responsible for the Group-wide

continued existence of the institution. For Commerzbank, in view

and integrated management of financial resources, namely capital,

of its business model, these inherent existential threats include the

liquidity and balance sheet structure as well as interest surplus, in

default of Germany, Poland, one or more of the other major EU

accordance with the regulatory framework. The central Asset

countries (France, Italy, Spain or the UK, although Brexit is not

Liability Committee monitors in particular the Group’s risk-bearing

deemed to be a default) or the default of the USA. Others include a

capacity and, as such, plays an important part in the Internal

deep recession lasting several years with serious repercussions for

Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP).

the German economy, a bank run and the collapse of global clear-

The ALCO resolves the recovery plan (resolutions of the central

ing houses or the foreign exchange markets, possibly triggered by

ALCO are presented to the full Board of Managing Directors for

a cyber attack. In general, cyber risk is an inherent, existential

confirmation). In case of violation of a recovery plan indicator, the

threat for Commerzbank in the context of increasing digitalisation

ALCO plays a central role regarding the escalation, the estimation

in the business environment. When pursuing its business targets,

of the situation and the introduction of measures.

the Bank accepts these existential threats. It may be necessary to

Moreover, risk issues are dealt with in the Supervisory Board’s

adjust the business model and hence the business and risk

Risk Committee and in the Risk & Analytics Executive Committee:

strategies in the medium and long term if the full Board of Manag-

The Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee is the Bank’s

ing Directors’ assessment of these threats to Commerzbank

highest risk committee. It comprises at least five Supervisory

changes substantially. To the extent that it is able to do so,

Board members. The Risk Committee’s tasks include monitoring

Commerzbank makes early preparations in anticipation of forth-

the risk management system and dealing with all risks, particularly

coming changes in regulatory requirements and accounting stan-

with regard to market, credit and operational risk as well as

dards. Such changes and their (retrospective) interpretation may

reputational risk. The Risk Committee determines the type, scope,

have lasting implications for – and even threaten the survival of –

format and frequency of the information that must be presented to

Commerzbank’s business model. Commerzbank takes these “regu-

the Board of Managing Directors about strategy and risk.

latory risks” into account because there are many cases where

The Risk & Analytics Executive Committee is the discussion

there is no option to mitigate or manage them.

and decision-making committee within the risk function and Big

The overall risk strategy covers all material risks to which

Data & Advanced Analytics. It is responsible in particular for the

Commerzbank is exposed. It is detailed further in the form of sub-

organisation and strategic development of risk management and

risk strategies for the risk types which are material. These are then

for creating and maintaining a uniform risk culture. It also ensures

specified and made operational through policies, regulations and

that the Group risk strategy and the resolutions of the full Board of

instructions/guidelines. By means of the risk inventory process –

Managing Directors are implemented in the risk function.

which is to be carried out annually or on an ad hoc basis as
required – Commerzbank ensures that all risks of relevance to the
Group are identified and their materiality is assessed. The
assessment of the materiality of a risk is based on whether its
occurrence could have a major direct or indirect impact on the
Bank’s risk-bearing capacity.

Group Risk Report

covers risk measurement, risk transparency and risk management.

104

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

As part of the planning process, the Board of Managing

The main pillar of the Bank’s overall risk management and

Directors decides the extent to which the risk coverage potential

culture is the concept of “three lines of defence”, which is a core

of the Group should be utilised. On that basis, individual types of

element of the Corporate Charter. Under this principle, protecting

quantifiable risk contributing to the capital demand are limited in

against undesirable risks is an activity that is not restricted to the

a second stage. A capital framework is allocated to the manage-

risk function. Each unit (segment or function) forms the first line of

ment-relevant units through the planning process. Compliance

defence within its area of operational responsibility and is

with limits and guidelines is monitored during the year, and

responsible for identifying and managing risks within it while

management measures are put in place where required. In addi-

complying with the prescribed risk standards and policies. For

tion, further qualitative and quantitative early warning indicators

example, the front office forms the first line of defence in all

are established in the overall risk strategy. Potential negative

business decisions and has to take risk aspects into account in

developments can be identified at an early stage with the help of

reaching them. The second line of defence for each type of risk lays

these indicators.

down standards for appropriate management of risks of that type,

One of the primary tasks of risk management is the avoidance

monitors this and ensures the application of such standards, and

of risk concentrations. These can arise from the synchronous

analyses and evaluates the risks. The risk function forms the second

movement of risk positions both within a single risk type (intra-

line of defence against credit and market risks associated with

risk concentrations) and across different risk types (inter-risk

business decisions. Particularly for credit risk, this includes

concentrations). The latter result from common risk drivers or

involvement in the credit decision process through means of a

from interactions between different risk drivers of different risk

second vote. Units outside the risk function (e.g. Group Compliance

types.

and Group Finance) also operate as the second line of defence for

By establishing adequate risk management and controlling

certain risk types. The third line of defence is internal audit.

processes, Commerzbank provides for the identification, assessment, management, monitoring and communication of material
risks and related risk concentrations. This ensures that all

Risk ratios

Commerzbank-specific risk concentrations are adequately taken
into account. Stress tests are regularly used to ensure trans-

Commerzbank uses a comprehensive system of ratios and proce-

parency regarding risk concentrations. Management is regularly

dures for measuring, managing and limiting various types of risk.

informed about the results of the analyses so that the potential risk

The most important of these are listed below:
Economically required capital is the amount, corresponding to

of losses can be avoided in good time.
The “Group Risk & Capital Monitor” is the monthly risk report,

Group Risk Report

designed for management purposes, on capital, credit risk, market

a high confidence level (currently 99.91% at Commerzbank), that
will cover unexpected losses arising from risk positions.

risk, liquidity risk and OpRisk topics within Commerzbank risk

The risk-bearing capacity ratio (RBC ratio) indicates the

management. It shows all the above risk types, including

excess coverage of the economically required capital by the risk

economic and regulatory risk-bearing capacity, for the Commerz-

coverage potential. Risk-bearing capacity is deemed to be assured

bank Group. The report’s aims include providing the full Board of

as long as the RBC ratio is higher than 100%.

Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee

Exposure at default (EaD) is the expected exposure amount

with transparent and comprehensive information, highlighting

taking into account a potential (partial) drawing of open lines and

important developments from a risk perspective and setting

contingent liabilities that will adversely affect risk-bearing capacity

management measures. The report is also used in particular to

in the event of default.

monitor limits and guidelines within the overall risk strategy.
Commerzbank has adopted a code of conduct that defines
binding

minimum

standards

for

Commerzbank’s

corporate

Expected loss (EL) measures the potential loss on a loan
portfolio that can be expected within one year on the basis of
historical loss data.

responsibility, its dealings with customers, business partners and

Risk density is the ratio of expected loss to exposure at default

colleagues, and its day-to-day business. It goes without saying that

and thus represents the relative risk content of an exposure or a

the Bank complies with relevant laws, regulatory requirements,

portfolio.

industry standards and internal rules, and this therefore forms a

Value at risk (VaR) is a methodology for quantifying risk. It

particularly important part of its risk culture. It demands

involves setting a holding period (such as one day) and a

appropriate and courageous conduct in compliance with rules, and

confidence level (such as 97.5%). The VaR value then denotes the

any failure to comply with rules is penalised.

relevant loss threshold that will not be exceeded within the
holding period with a probability in line with the confidence level.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Financial Statements

Further Information

105

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

Credit value at risk (CVaR) is the economic capital requirement

The capital requirement for the risks taken is quantified using

for credit risk with a confidence level of 99.91%. The term results

the internal economic capital model. When assessing the

from the application of the value at risk concept to credit risk

economic capital required, allowance is made for all the types of

measurement. Credit VaR is an estimate of the amount by which

risk at the Commerzbank Group that are classified as material and

losses from credit risks could potentially exceed the expected loss

quantifiable in the annual risk inventory. The economic risk

within a single year, i.e. unexpected loss. The idea behind this

approach therefore also comprises risk types that are not included

approach is that expected loss simply represents the long-term

in the regulatory requirements for banks’ capital adequacy. The

average of lending losses, but this may vary (positively or

model also reflects diversification effects incorporating all types of

negatively) from actual credit losses for the current business year.

risk. The confidence level of 99.91% in the economic capital

In relation to bulk risk, the “all-in” concept comprises all

model is in line with the underlying gone concern assumptions

customer credit lines approved by the Bank in their full amount –

and ensures the economic risk-bearing capacity concept is

irrespective of the loan utilisation to date. It is independent of

internally consistent. The quantifiable risks in the economic capital

statistically modelled parameters to the greatest possible extent

model can be divided into default risk, market risk, operational

and comprises internal as well as external credit lines.

risk and (although not shown separately in the table on page 106)
business risk, property value change risk, investment portfolio
risk, deposit model risk and reserve risk. Business risk is the risk

Risk-bearing capacity and
stress testing

of a loss resulting from discrepancies between actual income and
expense and the respective budgeted figures. Business risk is
considered as a deductible amount in risk coverage potential.
the value of unlisted investments. Property value change risk is the

management and Commerzbank’s ICAAP. The purpose is to ensure

risk of an unexpected fall in the value of owned property which is

that sufficient capital is held at all times.

either already booked as an asset in the Group’s balance sheet or

Commerzbank monitors risk-bearing capacity using a gone

which can be capitalised during the next 12 months by contrac-

concern approach which seeks primarily to protect unsubordi-

tually assured obligations with option character (especially real

nated lenders. This objective should be achieved even in the event

estate). Deposit model risk is the risk arising from the deposit

of extraordinarily high losses from an unlikely extreme event. The

model used by Commerzbank and from modelling unscheduled

gone concern analysis is supplemented here by elements aimed at

repayment rights in commercial credit business. Reserve risk is

ensuring the institution’s continuing existence (going concern

the risk of additional charges being incurred on the portfolio of

perspective).

loans already in default through the creation of additional loan loss

When determining the economically required capital, allow-

provisions. Allowance is made for this risk when considering risk-

ance is made for potential unexpected fluctuations in value. Where

bearing capacity by means of a risk buffer. The results of the risk-

such fluctuations exceed forecasts, they must be covered by the

bearing capacity analysis are shown using the risk-bearing

available economic capital to absorb unexpected losses (economic

capacity ratio (RBC ratio), indicating the excess of the risk

risk coverage potential). The quantification of the economic risk

coverage potential in relation to the economically required capital.

coverage potential is based on a differentiated view of the
accounting values of assets and liabilities and involves economic
valuations of certain balance sheet items.

Group Risk Report

Investment portfolio risk indicates the risk of an unexpected fall in
Risk-bearing capacity analysis is a key part of overall bank

106

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The risk-bearing capacity is monitored and managed monthly

In addition to the regular stress tests, “reverse stress tests” are

at Group level. Risk-bearing capacity is deemed to be assured as

implemented annually at Group level. Unlike regular stress testing,

long as the RBC ratio is higher than 100%. In 2017, the RBC ratio

the result of the simulation – a sustained threat to the Bank – is

was consistently above 100% and stood at 217% on 31 December

determined in advance. The aim of the analysis process in the

2017. The increase in the RBC ratio compared with December

reverse stress test is to improve the transparency of Bank-specific

2016 is mainly attributable to the decline in market risk due to

risk potential and interactions of risk by identifying and assessing

lower market volatilities and to the active portfolio management of

extreme scenarios and events. On this basis, for instance, action

credit risks. The RBC ratio remains at a high level.

fields in risk management including the regular stress tests can be
identified and taken into account in the ongoing development

Risk-bearing capacity Group | řbn

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Economic risk coverage potential

30

30

1

Economically required capital2

14

17

thereof for default risk

10

11

thereof for market risk3

3

5

thereof for operational risk

2

2

thereof diversification effects

–2

–2

217%

178%

RBC ratio4
1

Including deductible amounts for business risk.
Including property value change risk, risk of unlisted investments and reserve risk.
3
From 2017, including deposit model risk.
4
RBC ratio = economic risk coverage potential/economically required capital (including
risk buffer).
2

efforts.
In 2017, the risk-weighted assets resulting from Commerzbank’s business activities decreased from ř191bn to ř171bn.
The table below gives an overview of the distribution of riskweighted assets, broken down by segment and risk type:

Risk-weighted assets
as at 31.12.2017 | řbn

Default
risk

Market Operatiorisk
nal risk

Total

Private and Small-Business
Customers

33

1

5

39

Corporate Clients

73

5

9

88

Others and Consolidation

19

3

4

27

Asset & Capital Recovery

13

3

2

18
3

The risk-bearing capacity and stress testing concept is subject to

Commercial Real Estate

2

0

2

an annual internal review and is refined on an ongoing basis. The

Ship Finance

3

0

1

4

development of the regulatory environment is also taken into

Public Finance

8

3

0

11

137

13

21

171

account. Commerzbank expects the European Central Bank (ECB)

Group

to publish revised ICAAP and ILAAP guidelines in 2018 and is
checking whether this might require adjustments.
Commerzbank uses macroeconomic stress tests to review the

Regulatory environment

Group Risk Report

risk-bearing capacity in the event of assumed adverse changes in
the economic environment. The scenarios on which they are based

With Basel 3, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision pub-

take into account the interdependence in development between

lished among other things comprehensive rules on the compo-

the real and financial economies and extend over a time horizon of

nents of shareholders’ equity and ratios as well as the manage-

at least two years. They are updated quarterly and approved by the

ment of liquidity risk. The Capital Requirements Directive and

ALCO. The scenarios describe an extraordinary but plausible

Regulation (CRD-IV) package of measures, constituting the

adverse development in the economy, focusing in particular on

European implementation of Basel 3, has been in force since

portfolio priorities (e.g. export-based sectors in Germany) and

1 January 2014, with the more stringent capital requirements

business strategies of relevance to Commerzbank. The scenario

being phased in up to 2019. Since then, numerous supplementary

simulation is run monthly at Group level using the input

regulations have been published by the European Banking

parameters of the economic capital requirements calculation for

Authority (EBA) in particular, and these will now gradually enter

all material and quantifiable risk types. In addition to the capital

into force; this will continue in subsequent years. Commerzbank

required, the profit and loss calculation is also subjected to a

has prepared itself for the more stringent capital adequacy

stress test based on the macroeconomic scenarios. Based on this,

requirements by taking a number of steps.

changes in the risk coverage potential are simulated. Whereas the

In addition, under Basel 3, the leverage ratio has been intro-

RBC ratio is embedded into Commerzbank’s limit system, guide-

duced as a new and non-risk-sensitive debt ratio. There has been a

lines for risk-bearing capacity are set as an early warning system

requirement to report the leverage ratio to the supervisory authority

in the stressed environment. The ongoing monitoring of the limits

since the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR) entered into

and guidelines is a key part of internal reporting. Defined escala-

force, however, the determination of minimum requirements on an

tions are triggered if the limit is breached.

EU-level is still outstanding. Commerzbank has set its own leverage
ratio targets and applies them in its capital management process.

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Financial Statements

Further Information

The phasing in of capital buffers is a significant feature of the

resolution of German banks with effect from 1 January 2015.

Basel 3 revision. The capital conservation buffer, the buffer for

Responsibility for the drafting of resolution plans and the

other systemically relevant institutions and the anti-cyclical capital

resolution of at-risk banks supervised by the ECB was transferred

buffer, which the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin)

to the Single Resolution Board (SRB) in Brussels with effect from 1

has again set at 0% for German exposure in the fourth quarter of

January 2016. At the same time, eurozone banks started to fund

2017, have applied since 1 January 2016. The buffer for other

the Single Resolution Fund.

systemically relevant institutions was set by BaFin for Commerzbank at 0.5% for 2017.

The Group-wide recovery plan was updated in 2017 to reflect
the regulatory requirements. The recovery plan describes in detail

Liquidity risk is to be monitored by means of the liquidity

for instance the courses of action and recovery potential available

coverage ratio (LCR) and the net stable funding ratio (NSFR). The

to the Bank in the event of a crisis and which specific recovery

LCR entered into force on 1 October 2015 and is binding on all

measures, in various stress scenarios, will enable the Bank to

European banks. The final version of the NSFR, which was

complete its recovery. As the European and German regulations

approved by the Basel Committee in October 2014, is due to be

and requirements are finalised, the Bank will further develop its

transposed into European law as part of the Capital Requirements

recovery plan accordingly.

Regulation II (CRR II). Commerzbank is already calculating both

Commerzbank operates in markets subject to national and

ratios as part of its regulatory reporting processes, communicating

supranational regulation. In addition, it is subject to the overarch-

them in its internal reporting and reporting them to the

ing requirements imposed by accounting standards. Changes in

supervisory authority.

regulatory requirements and accounting standards have signifi-

In the reporting year, the ECB concluded its thematic review of

cantly grown in frequency and materiality in recent years. They

implementation at selected banks of the principles for risk data

may have lasting implications for the financial industry in general

aggregation and internal risk reporting published by the Basel

and Commerzbank’s business model in particular. Commerzbank

Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) in early 2013. Based

participates actively and at an early stage in the consultation

on the positive results of this review, Commerzbank is continuing

processes aimed at preparing for the constant changes in the

to expand the scope of application of the principles, taking

operating environment. It also monitors and evaluates current

particular account of the increasing importance of data quality

developments as regards future regulatory projects. Specific

management at banks.

examples of these at global level are the final standards for

The ECB, in its capacity as the supervisory authority for the

revising capital requirements for market risks now published by

eurozone banks directly subject to it, has conducted the Super-

the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the rules on interest

visory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) and specified indivi-

rate risks in the banking book and revision of the framework for

dual minimum capital requirements for each bank for 2018.

operational risks and credit risks, including the associated floor

The EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive has been in

rules and disclosure requirements. At European level, Commerz-

force since mid-2014. It was transposed into German law in the

bank is monitoring the European Commission initiatives to intro-

form of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und

duce a European deposit insurance scheme and establish a capital

Abwicklungsgesetz, SAG). Based on this law, the Financial Market

markets union, and in particular the associated EU securitisation

Stabilisation Authority (FMSA), as the national resolution agency,

framework.

took over responsibility for the drafting of resolution plans and the

107

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

Group Risk Report

To our Shareholders

108

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Default risk
Default risk is defined as the risk of losses sustained or profits

Board of Managing Directors and is responsible for managing all

foregone due to the default of a counterparty. It is a quantifiable

credit risks. In so doing, the Group Credit Committee operates on

material risk and includes the material sub-risk types of credit

the basis of the valid credit risk strategy. Reporting to the Group

default risk, issuer risk, counterparty risk, country and transfer

Credit Committee are sub-credit committees, which operate on the

risk, dilution risk and reserve risk.

basis of their respective rules of procedure and within the competencies approved by the full Board of Managing Directors. They
comprise at least two representatives from the segments and two

Strategy and organisation

representatives from Group Risk Management. The sub-credit
committees are responsible for managing all credit risks in the sub-

The credit risk strategy is the sub-risk strategy for default risks

portfolios within their respective remit and are entitled, in turn, to

and is derived from the overall risk strategy. It is embedded in the

sub-delegate certain credit decisions within their prescribed

ICAAP process of the Commerzbank Group and forms a link

competencies.

between the Bank’s overall risk management across all risk types

Discrete back-office areas are responsible for operational credit

and the operationalisation of default risk management. The over-

risk management on a portfolio and an individual case basis. The

riding aim is to ensure the adequate structural risk quality of the

responsibilities are separated between the performing loan area

credit portfolio. To this end, the credit risk strategy defines the

on the one hand and Intensive Care on the other. All credit

credit risk tolerance, specifies risk strategy priorities, provides an

decisions in the performing loan area are risk/return decisions.

overview of the material credit risk management concepts and

The front and back office take joint responsibility for risk and

thereby plays an integral part in maintaining the Group’s risk-

return from an exposure, with the front office having primary

bearing capacity. The credit risk strategy makes use of quanti-

responsibility for the return, and the back office for the risk.

tative and qualitative management tools that give decision-

Accordingly, neither office can be overruled in its primary

makers clear guidance on both portfolio management and

responsibility in the lending process.

Group Risk Report

decisions in specific cases.

Higher-risk customers in Corporate Clients and Private and

Credit risk management is a joint task of the front office and

Small-Business Customers are handled by specialist Intensive Care

the risk function, based on a standardised Group-wide credit risk

areas. The customers are moved to these areas as soon as they

culture. Impeccable moral and ethical conduct in compliance with

meet defined criteria for assignment or mandatory transfer. The

the law and regulations is a key element of a culture of integrity

principal reasons for assignment to Intensive Care areas are

and core to the credit risk culture. Default risks are assessed

criteria relating to number of days overdrawn, together with event-

against uniform standards, regardless of segment limits. In line

related criteria such as rating, third-party enforcement measures

with the “three lines of defence” principle, the front office is the

or credit fraud. Intensive Care decides on further action based on

first line of defence and must take risk aspects into account when

the circumstances of individual cases. Customers must be

taking business decisions. The risk function is the second line of

transferred to Intensive Care if they are in default (for example due

defence (back office and Risk Controlling), its fundamental task

to insolvency). This graduated approach ensures that higher-risk

being to manage, limit and monitor risks. The third line of defence

customers can continue to be managed promptly by specialists in

is internal audit. It is tasked with independently auditing the

a manner appropriate to the risks involved and in defined

Bank’s processes and safety precautions, and as such also

standardised processes.

assesses the activities of the first and second lines of defence.

In the ACR segment, by contrast, there is no separation of

The Group Credit Committee is the highest decision-making

responsibilities between the performing loan area and Intensive

committee for operative credit risk management, comprising two

Care. Credit risk management here has been merged into one unit

representatives each from the back office and front office. It takes

across all rating classes.

decisions in line with the competencies delegated to it by the full

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Financial Statements

Further Information

109

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

The aim is to fully wind down all the assets grouped in this

type with which the risk resources provided are to be used. These

segment in a way that preserves value. To this end, EaD-based

credit policies are firmly embedded in the credit process:

guidelines have been established and an asset management

transactions which do not meet the requirements are escalated

programme has been implemented. This is carried out through

through a fixed competence regulation.

regular asset planning. The main aim here is to prioritise the

Group-wide guiding principles are based on risk-oriented ana-

winding down or reduction of those parts of the portfolio and

lyses of trends (e.g. of the development of weaker credit ratings

individual loans for which the capital requirement is particularly

over time) combined with an assessment of external framework

high. Opportunities for selling sub-portfolios in a way that pre-

conditions and internal rules. Risk-oriented analyses on key dates

serves value may also be used to free up capital as part of the

(e.g. rating profile of individual asset classes) are used in particular

systematic portfolio reduction. For business in Public Finance, the

to derive portfolio guiding principles. Trend analyses of product-

reduction is primarily through regular maturities of assets. Market

specific risk drivers are key factors for determining product guiding

opportunities that arise are used in a targeted way for the sale of

principles (e.g. loan-to-value of mortgage lending). In contrast,

individual assets.

credit and portfolio policies are primarily produced through a
multi-level coordination process involving the product and portfolio
managers from the front and back offices, combined with an

Risk management

assessment of internal and external information sources.

Commerzbank manages default risk using a comprehensive risk

continuous monitoring and reporting has also been set up at

management system. The management framework comprises an

whole Group level and at segment or sub-portfolio level. Asset

organisational structure, methods and models, quantitative and

quality reviews by the risk function make an important contribu-

qualitative management tools and regulations and processes. The

tion here to quality assurance and early risk detection. The key

risk management system ensures that the entire portfolio and the

aspects of monitoring vary according to the subject matter and

sub-portfolios, right down to individual exposure level, are

target audience, and ad-hoc reporting processes are in place. In

managed consistently and thoroughly on a top-down basis.

addition, crisis events may pose a risk to the adequacy of the

The ratios and measures required for the operational process of

Bank’s capital and liquidity resources and thereby to its risk-

risk management are based on the overarching Group objectives.

bearing capacity. In a crisis, the Risk Mitigation Task Force will

The principle of maintaining a low-risk profile in all business

manage decisions flexibly in a coordinated, Group-wide process.

decisions is closely combined here with the risk function’s aim of

As part of the process, emergency action plans ensure that risk-

providing the front office with appropriate support. The Bank’s

mitigation measures are implemented quickly and efficiently.

particular preference is for credit growth in granular business with

The avoidance of risk concentrations is a core strategy of risk

good credit ratings. It also prefers business and products with low

management. Risk concentrations are actively managed in order to

complexity and pays attention to the responsiveness of credit lines

identify at an early stage and contain the increased potential for

and exposures.

loss in the synchronous movement of risk positions. In addition to

Quantitative credit risk strategy guidelines limit risks with

exposure-related credit risk concentrations (bulk risks), default

regard to poorer credit ratings and exposures with high loss-at-

risk also includes country and sector concentrations. Segment-

default contributions (concentration management) and for selected

specific features are taken into account here.

sub-portfolios with a high risk weight or regulatory importance,

A uniform definition based on “all-in” is used to manage bulk

and, as applicable, for individual products with a high portfolio

risk. The all-in concept comprises all customer credit lines

share. Detailed arrangements for operationalising the guidelines

approved by the Bank in their full amount – irrespective of the loan

for selected sub-portfolios are set out in separate portfolio

utilisation to date.

policies. In addition, qualitative management guidelines in the
form of credit policies define the target business of the Bank. At
the level of individual transactions, they regulate the transaction

Management and the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee are
regularly informed about the results of the analyses.

Group Risk Report

To monitor compliance with credit risk strategic rules,

110

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Management of economic capital commitment

important to take account of expected trends (medium-term and
long-term) in order to manage credit risk. For this reason, forecast

Economic capital commitment is managed in order to ensure that

values of credit risk parameters play a key role in ongoing

the Commerzbank Group holds sufficient capital. To this end, all

management. At segment and business area level, changes to

relevant risk types in the overall risk strategy for economic risk

forecasts are monitored and adjustments made when necessary.

capital are given limits on a Group-wide basis, with, in particular, a

There is no cascaded capital limit concept for credit risk below

CVaR limit being specified. Due to the systematically restricted

Group level.

Group Risk Report

options for reducing default risk on a short-term basis, it is

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Financial Statements

Further Information

111

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

Group Risk Report

To our Shareholders

112

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Group Risk Report

Rating classification
The Commerzbank rating method comprises 25 rating classes for

purpose of guidance, the Commerzbank master scale also shows

customers not in default (1.0 to 5.8) and five default classes (6.1 to

external ratings as well as credit quality steps in accordance with

6.5). The Commerzbank master scale allocates a non-overlapping

Article 136 CRR. However, a direct reconciliation is not possible,

range of probabilities of default that are stable over time to each

because external ratings of different portfolios show fluctuating

rating class. The rating methods are validated and recalibrated

default rates from year to year.

annually so that they reflect the latest projection based on all

The credit approval authorities of both individual staff and the

actual observed defaults. The default ranges assigned to the

committees (full Board of Managing Directors, Group Credit

ratings are the same for all portfolios. This ensures internal

Committee, credit sub-committees) are graduated by a range of

comparability consistent with the master scale method. For the

factors, including size of exposure and rating class.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Risk mitigation
As at 31 December 2017, the collateral taken into account in
Group risk management totalled ř99.0bn for positions in the
performing book and ř1.6bn for positions in the default portfolio.
The collateral mainly relates to mortgages on owner-occupied and
buy-to-let residential property and on commercial properties and
various forms of guarantees. The ship finance portfolio is mostly
backed by ship mortgages.

Financial Statements

Further Information

113

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

1.0–1.8

2.0–2.8

3.0–3.8

Private and SmallBusiness Customers

31

51

14

3

1

Corporate Clients

20

59

16

3

2

Others and
Consolidation

66

31

3

0

0

Asset & Capital
Recovery

4

68

5

6

17

Group

32

51

13

2

2

Rating breakdown
as at 31.12.2017
EaD | %

4.0–4.8 5.0–5.8

Commerzbank Group
The Group’s country risk calculation records both transfer risks
Commerzbank focusses its business on two customer segments,

and region-specific event risks defined by political and economic

“Private and Small-Business Customers” and “Corporate Clients”.

events which impact on the individual economic entities of a

In the “Asset & Capital Recovery” segment the Bank has bundled

country. Country risks are managed on the basis of defined credit

the activities of the areas Commercial Real Estate and Ship

risk and transfer risk limits at country level. Country exposures

Finance and the complex financings from the Public Finance area.

which are significant for Commerzbank due to their size, and

The intention is that all the portfolios in this segment should be

exposures in countries in which Commerzbank holds significant

completely wound down over time.

investments in comparison to the gross domestic product of those
countries, are handled by the Strategic Risk Committee on a

The credit risk parameters in the Commerzbank Group are

The regional breakdown of the exposure corresponds to the

distributed in the rating classes 1.0 to 5.8 over the segments as

Bank’s strategic direction and reflects the main areas of its global

follows:

business activities.

Credit risk parameters
as at 31.12.2017
Private and SmallBusiness Customers

1

Exposure Expected
Risk
at default
loss density
řbn
řm
bp
154

397

26

CVaR
řm

Group portfolio
by region
as at 31.12.2017

Exposure
at default
řbn

Expected
loss
řm

Risk
density
bp

Germany

221

442

20

2,444

Western Europe

99

128

13

Central and .
Eastern Europe

41

180

44

North America

29

71

24

Asia

21

39

19

Other

12

318

258

Group

423

1,180

28

Corporate Clients

180

421

23

5,417

Others and Consolidation1

75

31

4

1,784

Asset & Capital Recovery

13

330

255

716

Group

423

1,180

28

10,362

Mainly liquidity portfolios of Group Treasury.

When broken down on the basis of PD ratings, 83% of the Group’s

Around half of the Bank’s exposure relates to Germany, another

portfolio is in the internal rating classes 1 and 2, which comprise

third to other countries in Europe and 7% to North America. The

investment grade.

rest is broadly diversified and is split among a large number of
countries where we serve German exporters in particular or where
Commerzbank has a local presence. The expected loss of the
Group portfolio is mainly divided between Germany and the other
European countries. A main driver of the expected loss in the
region “Other” is ship financing.

Group Risk Report

separate basis.

Credit risk parameters

114

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

In view of current geopolitical developments, national econo-

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

mies such as Russia, Turkey and China are closely monitored. As

Default portfolio Group | řm
Default portfolio

5,569

6,914

at the end of 2017, exposure to Russia was ř2.3bn, exposure to

SLLP1

2,770

3,243

Turkey was ř2.3bn and exposure to China was ř5.8bn.

GLLP2

544

673

1,578

2,256

Also, as a result of the debt crisis, the sovereign exposures of

Collaterals

Italy and Spain are still closely monitored. As at the end of the

Coverage ratio (%)3

78

80

fourth quarter of 2017, Commerzbank’s Italian sovereign exposure

NPL ratio (%)4

1.3

1.6

was ř9.2bn, while its Spanish sovereign exposure was ř0.8bn.

1

Specific loan loss provision.
General loan loss provision (for incurred but not yet reported defaults in the perfoming
portfolio).
3
Coverage ratio: total of SLLP and collateral as a proportion of the default portfolio.
4
NPL ratio: default portfolio (non-performing loans – NPL) as a proportion of total
exposure (EaD including NPL).
2

Loan loss provisions
Loan loss provisions relating to the Group’s lending business in
2017 amounted to ř781m, representing a year-on-year fall of
ř119m.
Write-downs on securities are not recognised in loan loss
provisions but in other realised profit or loss and net remeasure-

The default portfolio is divided into five classes based on the
nature of the default:

ment gain or loss (Note 11) and in net income from financial
assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (Note 13)
The a.m. notes to the consolidated financial statements give further details on this.

• Rating class 6.1: Over 90 days past due.
• Rating classes 6.2/6.3: Imminent insolvency, or the Bank is
assisting in financial rescue/restructuring measures at the

For 2018 as a whole, we expect a risk result under the IFRS 9
regime of less than ř600m. In the event of a huge, unexpected
deterioration in geopolitical or economic conditions, or in the case

customer with restructuring contributions.

• Rating classes 6.4/6.5: The Bank recalls the loan and the
customer has become insolvent respectively.

of defaults of large individual customers, significantly higher loan
loss provisions may become necessary.

The table below shows the breakdown of the default portfolio

Group Risk Report

based on the five default classes:
Loan loss provisions | řm

2017

2016

Private and SmallBusiness Customers

Group

119

Rating classification
as at 31.12.2017 | řm

6.1 6.2/6.3 6.4/6.5

154

Corporate Clients

295

185

Default portfolio

631

2,327

2,611

5,569

Others and Consolidation

–4

–3

SLLP

166

1,071

1,533

2,770

Asset & Capital Recovery

336

599

Collaterals

279

704

594

1,578

Group

781

900

Coverage ratio (%)

71

76

81

78

Default portfolio

Overdrafts in the performing loan book

The default portfolio decreased by ř1.3bn in 2017. This was

In order to avoid an increase in the default portfolio, overdrafts are

driven by the successful implementation of the wind-down

closely monitored at Commerzbank. In addition to the 90 days-

strategy in ACR as well as restructuring in the remaining

past-due trigger event, IT-based management of overdrafts starts

segments.

on the first day the account is overdrawn. The table below shows

The following table shows claims in the default portfolio in the
LaR category.

overdrafts outside the default portfolio based on the exposure at
default as at end of December 2017.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

EaD
řm

!ů !ů !ů
days
days
days

Private and
Small-Business
Customers
Corporate
Clients

1

Total

Further Information

115

In 2017, loan loss provisions in the Private and Small-Business
Customers segment increased by ř35m compared with the yearearlier period, but remained at a low level of ř154m.

643

136

55

2

836

1,923

12

10

0

1,945

24

9

0

0

33

2,590

157

65

2

2,920

Asset & Capital
Recovery
Group1

> 90
days

Financial Statements

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

The default portfolio in the segment rose by ř127m to ř1,864m
compared with 31 December 2016.

Default portfolio
Private and Small-Business
Customers | řm
Default portfolio

Including Others and Consolidation.

Private and Small-Business Customers segment

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

1,864

1,737

SLLP

951

834

GLLP

162

155

Collaterals

564

675

Coverage ratio (%)

81

87

NPL ratio (%)

1.2

1.2

The Private and Small-Business Customers segment comprises
the activities of Private Customers, Small-Business Customers,
comdirect bank and Commerz Real. mBank is also shown in the

Corporate Clients segment

Private and Small-Business Customers segment. Private Customers includes Commerzbank’s branch business in Germany for

This segment comprises the Group’s activities with mid-size

private customers as well as Wealth Management. Small-Business

corporate clients, the public sector, institutional customers and

Customers contains business customers and small corporate

multinational corporates. The segment is also responsible for the

customers.

Group’s relationships with banks and financial institutions in

The focus of the portfolio is on traditional owner-occupied

Germany and abroad, as well as with central banks. The regional

home financing and the financing of real estate capital invest-

focus of our activities is on Germany and Western Europe. The

ments (residential mortgage loans and investment properties with

Group’s customer-oriented capital markets activities are also

a total EaD of ř75bn). We provide our business and small-business

bundled in this segment.

of ř19bn. In addition, we meet our customers’ day-to-day demand
for credit with consumer loans (consumer and instalment loans

Credit risk parameters
as at 31.12.2017

and credit cards, to a total of ř14bn). The portfolio’s expansion

Exposure
at default
řbn

Expected
loss
řm

Risk
density
bp

from ř140bn to ř154bn in 2017 was largely due to residential

Mittelstand

75

166

22

mortgage loans.

International Corporates

60

99

17

Financial Institutions

21

64

31

Risk density rose by 5 basis points compared with year-end
2016 to 26 basis points, with the increase due almost entirely to
the takeover of the instalment loan business of Commerz Finanz
GmbH.

Credit risk parameters
as at 31.12.2017

Equity Markets &
Commodities

4

2

5

Other

20

90

44

Corporate Clients

180

421

23

Exposure
at default
řbn

Expected
loss
řm

Risk
density
bp

Private Customers

92

176

19

Business Customers

26

60

23

the Financial Institutions portfolio. Risk density fell from 28 basis

comdirect bank

4

10

23

points to 23 basis points.

Commerz Real

1

4

74

mBank

32

148

46

Private and SmallBusiness Customers

154

397

26

The EaD of the Corporate Clients segment decreased from ř195bn
to ř180bn compared with 31 December of the previous year. The
decrease was mainly attributable to the Mittelstand division and

For details of developments in the Financial Institutions portfolio, please see page 118.

Group Risk Report

customers with credit in the form of individual loans with a volume

116

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Loan loss provisions in the Corporate Clients segment

Ship Finance

increased to ř295m in 2017 due to a larger individuell case, up by

Compared with 31 December 2016, exposure to ship finance in the

ř110m on the prior-year figure.

performing loan book was reduced by ř1.6bn in total, in line with

The default portfolio in the segment decreased considerably
compared with 31 December 2016, by ř771m.

our reduction strategy. Also the default portfolio decreased by
ř0.5bn to ř0.7bn compared to 31 December 2016.
Overall our portfolio is mainly made up of the following three

31.12.2017

Default portfolio
Corporate Clients | řm

31.12.2016

standard types of ship: container ships (ř1.0bn), tankers (ř0.5bn)
and bulkers (ř0.4bn). The rest of the portfolio consists of various

Default portfolio

2,592

3,363

special tonnages which are well diversified across the various ship

SLLP

1,243

1,563

segments.

GLLP

251

323

We expect charter rates on the shipping markets in 2018 to be

Collaterals

543

780

similar to last year’s levels. Although excess supply of tonnage

Coverage ratio (%)

69

70

should continue to reduce, a significant overhang will remain. The

NPL ratio (%)

1.4

1.7

positive trend, which started in 2017, will receive support from the
global economic and trade growth forecast by the International
Monetary Fund (IMF).

Asset & Capital Recovery segment

Significant reticence in new orders for container ships has
been in evidence since 2016. Given the existing order book and

The Asset & Capital Recovery segment comprises positions of the

relatively low scrapping volume, however, 2018 will not see any

portfolios in the areas of Commercial Real Estate (CRE) and Ship

further significant recovery in charter rates. The current level of

Finance (SF) and complex financings from the Public Finance

charter rates, although clearly above operating costs, will not

area. The intention is that all the portfolios in this segment should

allow full servicing of debt. The postponement of ship deliveries,

be completely wound down over time.

which has been in evidence for a number of years now, should

In 2016 portfolios in the value of about ř8bn from commercial

continue to take a little pressure off the rising fleet offer in 2018.

real estate financing and ship financing have been transferred to

Combined with an expected upturn in global trade, this should

the Corporate Clients segment. These portfolios were reduced to

mean that 2018 charter rates will remain at 2017 levels.
Charter rates for bulkers achieved fairly good growth in 2017.

ř2.5bn by the end of 2017.
EaD for the segment in the performing loan book totalled

The main drivers were China’s high iron ore and coal imports and

ř13bn as at 31 December 2017, which means a decrease of

global growth in exports of grain and soya beans. Greater

ř1.5bn compared with the end of the previous year.

discipline over new orders has also been in evidence since 2016,

Group Risk Report

alongside a declining or3der book. Taking into consideration the
Credit risk parameters
as at 31.12.2017

Exposure
at Default
řbn

Expected
loss
řm

Risk
density
bp

IMF’s positive forecast for global gross national product in 2018,

Commercial Real Estate

1

20

185

2017, with charter rates continuing to fall. The high level of oil

Ship Finance

2

255

1,364

Public Finance

10

55

55

Asset & Capital Recovery

13

330

255

we expect charter rates to be on a par with last year.
The market for oil and product tankers remained difficult in
prices up until 2014 had triggered a string of new ship orders,
most of which are due to be delivered by 2018. Falling crude oil
prices since autumn 2014 initially led to very healthy activity rates,
with oil tankers commanding more than adequate charter rates as
many countries used the lower prices to stock up on their strategic

Commercial Real Estate
redemptions and

oil reserves. But the fleet had become larger and when this effect

repayments. Compared with 31 December 2016, risk density

waned, charter rates collapsed. We anticipate a slight recovery in

increased from 174 basis points to 185 basis points. The default

2018, with oil demand continuing to rise moderately and fewer

portfolio decreased by ř0.2bn to ř0.4bn.

new ships being delivered.

The

portfolio

further decreased due

to

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Financial Statements

Further Information

We anticipate the overall shipping market will recover over the

The increase in expected loss in North America is due to the

longer term, but that this recovery will vary depending on the ship

recovery of a written-down engagement in the Public Finance

segment, and within the segment on the size of the ship. Long-

hedging business.

term forecasts indicate that charter rates are expected to recover,
depending on the ship segment and the ship type, by between

117

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

For details of developments in the Non-Bank Financial Institutions portfolio, please see page 118 f.

+10% and more than +50% over the next several years on the

The future performance of the Public Finance portfolio is

respective level as at the end of 2017. It is important to note that

dependent on political, economic and monetary developments,

this recovery is based on a starting level of charter rates at the end

particularly in the UK and the USA.

of 2017 that is still very low in many ship segments.
The Bank will continue to reduce problem and non-performing

Loan loss provisions | řm

loan exposures as part of its ongoing effort to run down the

Commercial Real Estate

portfolio.

Ship Finance

Public Finance

2017

2016

5

42

332

559

Public Finance

–2

–1

Asset & Capital Recovery

336

599

The Public Finance sub-portfolio in the ACR segment is largely
made up of exposures with credit quality ranging from satisfactory
to good, some of them with very long maturities and complex

Loan loss provisions in the ACR segment were down significantly

structures, to local authorities in the UK (ř4.4bn EaD), a private

in 2017, falling by ř263m to ř336m. Loan loss provisions were

finance initiative (PFI) portfolio (ř4.2bn EaD) with a regional focus

almost completely attributable to the shipping portfolio.

on the UK and further Public Finance debtors, predominantly in
the USA (ř1.3bn EaD).

31.12.2016

ACR

CRE

SF

ACR

CRE

SF

Default portfolio

1,113

384

729

1,805

562

1,243

SLLP

571

142

429

838

210

628

GLLP

130

10

119

192

20

172

Collaterals

471

188

283

800

334

466

Coverage ratio (%)

94

86

98

91

97

88

NPL ratio (%)

7.9

26.1

28.0

11.2

22.7

26.2

Further portfolio analyses

Corporates portfolio by sector
A breakdown of the corporates exposure by sector is shown

The analyses below are independent of the existing segment
allocation. The positions shown are already contained in full in the
Group and segment presentations above.

below:

Group Risk Report

31.12.2017
Default portfolio ACR | řm

118

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Corporates portfolio by sector as at 31.12.2017

Exposure at default
řbn

Expected loss
řm

Risk density
bp

Energy supply/Waste management

18

38

21

Consumption

15

41

27

Technology/Electrical industry

12

30

26

Wholesale

12

43

37

Transport/Tourism

11

23

21

Automotive

10

20

20

Basic materials/Metals

9

26

28

Services/Media

9

23

25

Chemicals/Plastics

9

36

40

Mechanical engineering

9

22

25

Construction

5

14

27

Pharmaceutical/Healthcare

4

13

28

Other

5

14

27

Total

128

342

27

Financial Institutions portfolio

strategy of holding as few exposures as possible which might

Our network of correspondent banks, which we streamlined in

absorb losses in the event of a bail-in of an affected institution.

2016, continued to focus on trade finance activities on behalf of

We are keeping a close eye on developments in various coun-

our corporate customers and on capital market activities. In

tries with individual issues such as recessions, embargoes or

derivatives, we are entering into trades with selected counter-

economic uncertainty caused by political events and are respond-

parties under the new European Market Infrastructure Regulation

ing with flexible portfolio management that is tailored to the

(EMIR) standards.

individual situation of each country. Overall, our risk appetite is

We continue to keep a close watch on the impact of regulatory

geared to keeping the portfolio as responsive as possible.

requirements on banks. In this context, we continue to pursue our
31.12.2017

Group Risk Report

FI portfolio by region

31.12.2016

Exposure
at default
řbn

Expected
loss
řm

Risk
density
bp

Germany

5

5

11

Western Europe

13

9

7

Central and Eastern Europe

4

16

42

North America

2

1

Asia

11

Other

5

Total

38

Exposure
at default
řbn

Expected
loss
řm

Risk
density
bp

6

6

11

17

21

12

5

21

43

9

2

3

15

27

25

10

27

27

19

40

6

36

58

77

20

46

114

25

Non-Bank Financial Institutions portfolio

partly in the interests of our institutional customers, with a focus

The Non-Bank Financial Institutions (NBFI) portfolio mainly

on attractive opportunities with customers with good credit

comprises insurance companies, asset managers, regulated funds

ratings. We manage our portfolios with the aim of ensuring their

and central counterparties. Business activities are focused on

high quality and responsiveness.

Germany, Western Europe and the United States.
We carry out new business with NBFIs, partly in light of
regulatory requirements (clearing via central counterparties) and

The increase in expected loss in North America is due to the
recovery of a written-down engagement in the Public Finance
hedging business.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Financial Statements

31.12.2017
NBFI portfolio by region

Further Information

31.12.2016

Exposure
at default
řbn

Expected
loss
řm

Risk
density
bp

Exposure
at default
řbn

Expected
loss
řm

Risk
density
bp

Germany

17

25

15

17

26

15

Western Europe

12

20

16

12

24

20

Central and Eastern Europe

1

5

56

1

4

65

North America

7

41

58

8

10

14

Asia

1

1

10

1

1

11

Other

1

1

16

1

1

14

Total

40

94

24

39

67

17

Originator positions

119

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

As at the reporting date 31 December 2017, risk exposures

Commerzbank has in recent years securitised receivables from

with a value of ř7.1bn were retained. By far the largest portion of

loans to the Bank’s customers with a current volume of ř7.6bn,

these positions is accounted for by ř7.0bn of senior tranches,

primarily for capital management purposes.

which were nearly all rated good or very good.

Commerzbank volume1
Securitisation pool
řbn
Corporates

Maturity

Senior

Mezzanine

First loss piece

Total volume1
31.12.2017

Total volume1
31.12.2016

2025 - 2036

7.0

0.1

<0.1

7.6

6.1

7.0

0.1

<0.1

7.6

6.1

Total
1 Tranches/retentions (nominal): banking and trading book.

Conduit exposure and other asset-backed exposures

The other asset-backed exposures mainly comprise govern-

Commerzbank is the sponsor of the multiseller asset-backed

ment-guaranteed ABSs issued by Commerzbank Finance &

commercial paper conduit Silver Tower. It uses it to securitise

Covered Bond S.A. and Commerzbank AG in Germany. The volume

receivables, in particular trade and leasing receivables, from

fell to ř4.5bn during 2017 (December 2016: ř5.3bn), while risk

customers in the Corporate Clients segment. The transactions are

values fell to ř4.4bn (December 2016: ř5.2bn).

mercial papers (ABCPs) or through the drawing of credit lines

Forbearance portfolio

(liquidity lines). In the fourth quarter of 2017, the volume and risk

The EBA’s definition of forbearance comprises two requirements,

values1 in the Silver Tower conduit remained stable. As at

which have to be met concurrently: The debtor is in financial

31 December 2017, the volume had fallen by ř0.1bn year-on-year

difficulties and the measures of the bank to help the debtor

to ř4.0bn.

include concessions to the debtor that the bank would not have

Liquidity risks from ABS transactions are modelled conser-

agreed to under different circumstances. Examples of concessions

vatively in the internal liquidity risk model. Firstly, a worst-case

include deferrals, increases in limits or loans and waivers in

assumption is made that Commerzbank has to take on the funding

connection with restructuring. The definition of forbearance

of a major part of the purchase facilities provided to its special

applies independently from whether the debtor is in the

purpose vehicles within the scope of the Silver Tower conduit.

performing or the non-performing portfolio.

Secondly, the Bank’s holdings of securitisation transactions only
qualify as liquid assets if they are eligible for rediscount at the
European Central Bank. These positions are only included in the
liquidity risk calculation after applying conservative discounts.

1

Risk value is the balance sheet value of cash instruments. For long CDS positions it comprises the nominal value of the reference
instrument less the net present value of the credit derivative.

Group Risk Report

financed predominantly through the issue of asset-backed com-

120

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The following table shows Commerzbank’s total forbearance

The forbearance portfolio by region is as follows:

portfolio on the basis of the EBA definition as well as the loan loss
provisions for these positions:
Forbearance portfolio
by segment
as at 31.12.2017

1

Forborne
exposure

Loan loss
allowance1

řm

řm

LLP
coverage
ratio
%

Private and SmallBusiness Customers

1,268

180

14

Corporate Clients

1,899

247

13

Forbearance portfolio
by region
as at 31.12.2017

Forborne
exposure

Loan loss
allowance

řm

řm

LLP
coverage
ratio
%

Germany

3,236

473

15

Western Europe

1,088

177

16

Central and Eastern
Europe

705

157

22

North America

21

1

3

Asia

30

4

14

Asset & Capital
Recovery

2,157

406

19

Other

243

22

9

Group

5,324

834

16

Group

5,324

834

16

SLLP and GLLP.

In addition to the loan loss provisions of ř834m, the risks of the
forbearance portfolio are covered by collateral totalling ř1,304m.

Market risk
Market risk is the risk of potential financial losses due to changes

The Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank is respon-

in market prices (interest rates, commodities, credit spreads,

sible for ensuring the effective management of market risk

exchange rates and equity prices) or in parameters that affect

throughout the Commerzbank Group. Specific levels of authority

prices such as volatilities and correlations. Losses may impact

and responsibility in relation to market risk management have

profit or loss directly, e.g. in the case of trading book positions.

been assigned to the appropriate market risk committees.

Group Risk Report

However, for banking book positions they are reflected in the
revaluation reserve or in hidden liabilities/reserves.

Within the Bank, various market risk committees have been
established. In these, segment representatives, along with
representatives from the risk function and finance area, discuss
current risk positioning issues and decide on appropriate action.

Strategy and organisation

Chaired by the risk function, the Group Market Risk Committee,
which meets monthly, deals with the Commerzbank Group’s

Commerzbank’s market risk strategy is derived from its overall risk

market risk position. Discussions centre on the monthly market

strategy and the business strategies of the individual segments. It

risk report, which is also presented to the Board of Managing

sets

relation to

Directors for their consideration. The report summarises the latest

Commerzbank’s main business activities. The core market risk

developments on financial markets, the Bank’s positioning and

management tasks are the identification of all material market

subsequent risk ratios. The Segment Market Risk Committee,

risks and drivers of market risk for the Group and the independent

which focuses on the Corporate Clients segment and the Group

measurement and evaluation of these. The results and estimates

Treasury division, meets once a week. This committee also

serve as the basis for risk/return-oriented management.

manages market risks arising from non-core activities (Asset &

targets

for

market

risk

management

in

Capital Recovery).

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Financial Statements

Further Information

121

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

The risk management process involves the identification,

regular basis in order to identify concentrations. The risk

measurement, management and monitoring of risks and reporting

management of existing concentrations is also reviewed using

on them. It is the responsibility in functional terms of market risk

situation-driven analyses and, where necessary, supplemented by

management, which is independent of trading activities. Central

targeted measures such as limits.

market risk management is complemented by decentralised

Any limits that are breached are handled in a separate escala-

market risk management units at segment level and for regional

tion procedure. After a limit breach has been identified, the front

units and subsidiaries. The close integration of central and local

office and risk units design adequate countermeasures. If the limit

risk management with the business units means that the risk

breach cannot be remedied within a few days, it will be escalated

management process starts in the trading areas themselves. The

by the market risk function to the next hierarchical level.

trading units are responsible in particular for the active manage-

Regulatory risk measures that are not included in economic

ment of market risk positions, e.g. reduction measures or hedging.

risk-bearing capacity are limited and managed separately. These
include, for example, stressed VaR and incremental risk charge.
In internal management, all positions relevant to market risk are

Risk management

covered, and trading and banking book positions are jointly managed. For regulatory purposes, additional stand-alone management

Commerzbank uses a wide range of quantitative and qualitative

of the trading book is carried out (in accordance with regulatory

tools to manage and monitor market risk. Quantitative limits for

requirements, including currency and commodity risks in the

sensitivities, value at risk, stress tests, scenario analyses and ratios

banking book). In order to provide a consistent presentation in this

on economic capital limit the market risk. Our comprehensive

report, all figures relating to the VaR are based on a confidence

rulebook, in the form of market risk policies and guidelines as well

level of 99%, a holding period of one day, equally weighted market

as restrictions on portfolio structure, new products, maturities and

data and a 254 days’ history.

minimum ratings, establishes the qualitative framework for market

In 2017, the VaR for the overall book had fallen by ř31m to

risk management. The market risk strategy lays down the

ř54m due to lower market volatility and position changes in the

weighting of figures in each segment by reference to their

Corporate Clients segment and Group Treasury division.

relevance. Thereby allowance is made for the varying impact of
the parameters for the management of the segments in line with

VaR contribution | řm

the business strategy.

Overall book

Market risk is managed internally at Group level, segment level

thereof trading book

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

54

85

9

15

and in the segment’s reporting units. A comprehensive internal
limit system broken down to portfolio level is implemented and
The quantitative and qualitative factors limiting market price

Trading book

risk are determined by the market risk committees by reference to
the Group’s management of economic capital. The utilisation of

Below, we show how the regulatory market risk ratios of the

these limits, together with the relevant net income figures, is

trading book portfolio developed. Most of Commerzbank’s trading

reported daily to the Board of Managing Directors and the

book positions derive from the Corporate Clients segment and

responsible heads of the Group divisions. Based on qualitative

Group Treasury division.

analyses and quantitative ratios, the market risk function identifies

The VaR fell from ř15m to ř9m over the year. A key reason

potential future risks, anticipates potential financial losses in

was position changes in the Corporate Clients segment and Group

collaboration with the finance function, and draws up proposals

Treasury division and further risk reductions in the Asset & Capital

for further action, which are discussed with the market units.

Recovery segment.

Voting on the proposed measures or risk positions takes place in
the above-mentioned market risk committees and is subsequently
submitted to the Board of Managing Directors for approval.
Risk concentrations are restricted directly with specific limits or

VaR of portfolios in the
trading book | řm

2017

2016

Minimum

9

14

are indirectly avoided, for example, using stress test limits. In

Mean

15

30

addition, the combination of various conventional risk measures

Maximum

25

46

(e.g. VaR, sensitivities) ensures the appropriate management of

VaR at end of reporting period

9

15

concentration risks. Furthermore, risk drivers are analysed on a

Group Risk Report

forms a core part of internal market risk management.

122

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The market risk profile is diversified across all asset classes. The

losses result only from changes in market prices (hypothetical

majority of the VaR is distributed to the asset classes interest rate,

changes in the portfolio value). In dirty P&L backtesting, by

foreign exchange and equity price risks. To a lesser extent, VaR is

contrast, profits and losses from newly concluded and expired

also affected by credit spread, commodity and inflation risks.

transactions from the day under consideration are also included
(actual profits and losses induced by portfolio value changes).
Profits and losses from valuation adjustments and model reserves

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Credit spreads

1

5

requirements. If the actual loss exceeds the VaR, it is described as

Interest rates

3

3

a negative backtesting outlier.

Equities

2

2

Analysing the results of backtesting provides an informative

FX

3

4

basis for checking parameters and for improving the market risk

Commodities

1

1

model. In 2017, we saw one negative clean P&L outlier and no

Total

9

15

negative dirty P&L outliers. As such, the results are in line with

VaR contribution by risk type in the
trading book | řm

are factored into dirty and clean P&L according to the regulatory

statistical expectations and confirm the quality of the VaR model.
Backtesting is also used by the supervisory authorities for
The change in VaR in 2017 shows a decrease in credit spread and

evaluating internal risk models. Negative outliers are classified by

foreign exchange risks. This is mainly due to position changes in

means of a traffic-light system laid down by the supervisory

the Corporate Clients segment.

authorities. All negative backtesting outliers at Group level (from

Further risk ratios are calculated for regulatory capital ade-

Group Risk Report

quacy. This includes the calculation of stressed VaR. Stressed VaR

both clean P&L and dirty P&L) must be reported to the supervisory
authorities, citing their extent and cause.

is calculated using the internal model on the basis of the VaR

As the VaR concept gives a prediction of potential losses on the

method described above. The main difference lies in the market

assumption of normal market conditions, it is supplemented by the

data used to value the assets. Stressed VaR measures the risk in

calculation of stress tests. These stress tests measure the risk to

the present position in the trading book by reference to market

which Commerzbank is exposed, based on unlikely but still

movements from a specified crisis period in the past. The crisis

plausible events. These events may be simulated using extreme

observation period used for this is checked regularly through

movements on various financial markets. The key scenarios relate

model validation and approval processes and adjusted where

to major changes in credit spreads, interest rates and yield curves,

necessary. The crisis observation period remained the same in the

exchange rates, share prices and commodities prices. Scenarios

course of the year. Stressed VaR fell from ř48m at end-2016 to

for changes in inflation are also taken into account. Events

ř31m at end-2017, due to position changes in the Corporate

simulated in stress tests include all stock prices falling by 15%, a

Clients segment and Group Treasury division.

parallel shift in the yield curve or changes to the curve’s gradient.

In addition, the incremental risk charge and the equity event
VaR figures quantify the risk of deterioration in creditworthiness
and event risks in trading book positions.

Extensive Group-wide stress tests and scenario analyses are
carried out as part of risk monitoring.
The internal model’s individual components are independently

The reliability of the internal model (historic simulation) is

validated at regular intervals to assess their appropriateness for

monitored in various ways, including by backtesting on a daily

risk measurement. The identification and elimination of model

basis. The VaR calculated is set against actually occurring profits

weaknesses are of particular importance in this. Against this

and losses. The VaR used in backtesting is based on the complete

background, an application for a model change to enhance the

historic simulation and therefore represents all internal models

accuracy of risk measurement was submitted to the supervisory

used in the market risk VaR calculation of capital adequacy

authority at the end of 2016. One of the main reasons for this was

requirements at Group level. The process draws a distinction

a change in the level of interest rates and volatilities in the market.

between “clean P&L” and “dirty P&L” backtesting. In the former,

The supervisory authority conducted its review in 2017 and its

exactly the same positions in the income statement are used as

final approval is currently pending.

were used for calculating the VaR. This means that the profits and

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Banking book

Financial Statements

Further Information

123

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

The duration of the liabilities is extremely long (cash outflows
modelled over almost 90 years) and the main portion of the overall

The key drivers of market risk in the banking book are the Group

portfolio’s present value risk is in maturities of 15 years and over.

Treasury portfolios, with their credit spread, interest rate and basis

Main risk drivers are long-term euro interest rates, credit spreads

risks, and the area of Asset & Capital Recovery (ACR) – Public

and expected euro inflation due to anticipated pension dynamics.

Finance, along with the positions held by the subsidiary

Equity, volatility and foreign exchange risk also need to be taken

Commerzbank Finance & Covered Bond S.A.

into consideration. Diversification effects between individual risks

In market risk management credit spread sensitivities in the

reduce the overall risk. The extremely long maturities of these

banking and trading books are considered together. Credit spread

liabilities represent the greatest challenge, particularly for hedging

sensitivities (downshift of 1 basis point) for all securities and deri-

credit spread risk. This is because there is insufficient liquidity in

vative positions (excluding loans) fell from ř50m to ř43m in the

the market for corresponding hedging products.

course of the year.
Most credit spread sensitivities related to securities positions
classified as loans and receivables (LaR). Changes in market price

Market liquidity risk

have no impact on the revaluation reserve or the income statement
In measuring economic capital adequacy, Commerzbank also

The impact of an interest rate shock on the economic value of

takes account of market liquidity risk. This is the risk of the Bank

the Group’s banking book is simulated monthly in compliance with

not being able to liquidate or hedge risky positions in a timely

regulatory requirements. In accordance with the Banking Directive,

manner, to the desired extent and on acceptable terms as a result

the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority has prescribed two

of insufficient liquidity in the market.

scenarios of uniform, sudden and unexpected changes in interest

The first step is to create a realistic downsizing profile for each

rates (+/- 200 basis points) to be used by all banks, which have to

portfolio on the basis of its product and risk strategies and an

report on the results of this stress test every quarter.

assessment of the market. This enables portfolios to be classified

The outcome of the +200 basis points scenario would be a

in terms of their convertibility into cash using a “market liquidity

potential loss of ř1,670m, while the –200 basis points scenario

factor”. The market liquidity factor takes into account the

would result in a potential profit of ř9m as at 31 December 2017.

heightened volatility of portfolio value resulting from the extended

Commerzbank does not therefore need to be classified as a bank

holding period for risk positions in line with the portfolio’s down-

with higher interest rate risk as the negative changes in present

sizing profile. The market risk of every portfolio is then evaluated

value account for less than 20% of regulatory capital.

based on a one-year view and weighted with the market liquidity

As at 31 December 2017, the interest rate sensitivity of the
entire banking book amounted to ř2.6m per basis point of reduction in the interest rate.
Pension fund risk is also part of market risk in the banking
book. Our pension fund portfolio comprises a well-diversified
investment section and the section of insurance-related liabilities.

factor.
At the end of 2017, Commerzbank earmarked ř0.1bn in economic capital to cover market liquidity risk in the trading and banking
book. Asset-backed securities and structured products in particular
had a higher market liquidity risk.

Group Risk Report

for these positions.

124

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Liquidity risk
We define liquidity risk in a narrower sense as the risk that

The Bank has established early warning indicators for the

Commerzbank will be unable to meet its payment obligations on a

purpose of managing liquidity risk. These ensure that appropriate

day-to-day basis. In a broader sense, liquidity risk describes the

steps can be taken in good time to secure long-term financial

risk that future payments cannot be funded for the full amount, in

solidity.

the required currency or at standard market conditions, as and
when they are due.

Risk concentrations can lead to increased outflows of liquidity,
particularly in a stress situation, and thus to increased liquidity
risk. They can, for example, occur with regard to maturities, large
individual creditors or currencies. By means of ongoing monitor-

Strategy and organisation

ing and reporting, emerging risk concentrations in funding can be
recognised in a timely manner and mitigated through suitable

The Board of Managing Directors adopts the business strategy and

measures.

the Bank’s risk tolerance, which is associated with it. Liquidity risk

This is also applicable for payment obligations in foreign cur-

tolerance is then operationalised by defining the liquidity reserve

rencies. In addition, the Bank also mitigates a concentration by

period and the limit framework. In order to ensure an appropriate

continuously using broadly diversified sources of funding, particu-

liquidity risk management process, the Board of Managing

larly diverse customer deposits and capital market instruments.

Directors delegates certain competences and responsibilities in

Commerzbank also ensures that it monitors foreign exchange

connection with the Group-wide liquidity risk strategy to the Risk

risks and fulfils the currency matching requirements for highly

and Treasury functions.

liquid assets and net liquidity outflows.

The central Asset Liability Committee (ALCO) is responsible for

In the event of a liquidity crisis, the emergency plan provides

limiting, analysing and monitoring liquidity risk and for strategic

for various measures for different types of crisis that can be

liquidity positioning. ALCO is supported by various sub-com-

launched by the central ALCO. The emergency plan forms an

mittees in this.

integral part of Commerzbank’s recovery plan and is updated at
least once a year, whereas the individual liquidity emergency
measures are checked regularly during the year for plausibility.

Risk management

The emergency plan also defines a clear allocation of responsibilities for the processes to be followed in emergency situations

Commerzbank uses a wide range of tools to manage and monitor

and gives details of any action that may need to be taken.

liquidity risks on the basis of its own liquidity risk model. The

Group Risk Report

stress scenario within the Bank that underlies the model and is
relevant for management purposes allows for the impact of both a

Liquidity risk model

bank-specific stress event and a broader market crisis. Binding
regulatory requirements are an integral component of the manage-

A key component of liquidity risk management is the daily

ment mechanism.

calculation of the liquidity gap profile. The liquidity gap profile

Group Treasury is responsible for the Group’s liquidity manage-

shows the deterministic or stochastic inflows and outflows

ment operations. Group Treasury is represented in all major

expected in the future on a given reporting date and across all

locations of the Group in Germany and abroad and has reporting

portfolios. This forms the basis for calculating liquidity require-

lines into all subsidiaries.

ments or excess liquidity per maturity band. This also includes

Commerzbank manages its global liquidity centrally using cash
pooling. This approach ensures liquidity resources are used effi-

modelling the proportion of customer deposits that will be permanently available, known as the core deposit base.

ciently and that this occurs across all time zones, as Group

The liquidity gap profile is also used to set the issuance

Treasury units are located in Frankfurt, London, New York and

strategy of the Commerzbank Group, which is operationalised by

Singapore.

the Group Treasury division. The Group Finance division is

Additional information on this subject can be found in the

responsible for calculating and allocating liquidity costs on the

section “Funding and liquidity of the Commerzbank Group” in the

basis of the liquidity gap profile, which are then incorporated in

Group Management Report. Liquidity risk is monitored on the

the management of the segments’ business activities.

basis of the Bank’s own liquidity risk model by the independent
risk function.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Financial Statements

Further Information

125

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

Based on the liquidity gap profile, management mechanisms

The table below shows the liquidity gap profile after application

such as recovery and early warning indicators are limited and

of the respective stress scenarios for periods of one and three

monitored accordingly. The liquidity gap profile is limited in all

months. Significantly more liquidity flows out in a combined

maturity bands. The Group limits are broken down into individual

scenario compared with the individual scenarios. As at end-2017,

Group units and currencies. The internal liquidity risk model is

in the one-month and three-month periods, the combined stress

complemented by the regular analysis of additional adverse,

scenario leaves net liquidity of ř16.9bn and ř17.1bn respectively.

reverse and historic stress scenarios.
Net liquidity in the stress scenario | řbn

Quantification and stress testing
Commerzbank uses a wide range of tools to manage and monitor

Idiosyncratic scenario
Market-wide scenario

liquidity risks on the basis of its own liquidity risk model. In
addition to internal economic considerations, liquidity risk

Combined scenario

31.12.2017
1 month

23.5

3 months

24.3

1 month

26.3

3 months

26.5

1 month

16.9

3 months

17.1

modelling also factors in the binding regulatory requirements
under the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR) and the stricter
requirements of the Minimum Requirements for Risk Management
(MaRisk), the revised version of which has been in place since

Liquidity reserves

end-2017. Commerzbank incorporates this within its liquidity risk
thereby

quantifying

the

liquidity

risk

appetite

established by the full Board of Managing Directors.

Significant factors in the liquidity risk appetite include the reserve
period, the size of the liquidity reserve portfolio held to compensate

The stress scenarios within the Bank that underlie the model

for unexpected short-term liquidity outflows, and the limits in the

and are relevant for management purposes allow for the impact of

various maturity bands. As the liquidity reserve portfolio consists of

both a bank-specific stress event and a broader market crisis. The

highly liquid assets, it functions as a buffer in stress situations. The

Commerzbank-specific idiosyncratic scenario simulates a stress

liquidity reserve portfolio is funded in line with liquidity risk appe-

situation arising from a rating downgrade of two notches, whereas

tite in order to ensure that it is kept at the required size throughout

the market-wide scenario is derived from experience of the

the entire reserve period stipulated by the Board of Managing

subprime crisis and simulates a market-wide shock. The main

Directors.

liquidity risk drivers of both scenarios are a markedly increased

As at the reporting date, the Bank had a liquidity reserve of

outflow of short-term customer deposits, above-average drawdown

ř83.3bn in the form of highly liquid assets. A part of this liquidity

of credit lines, extensions of lending business regarded as

reserve is held in a separate stress liquidity reserve portfolio

commercially necessary, the need to provide additional collateral

managed by Treasury to cover liquidity outflows should a stress

for secured transactions and the application of higher risk

event occur and to ensure solvency at all times. In addition, the

discounts to the liquidation values of assets.

Bank operates an intraday liquidity reserve portfolio in the amount

As a complement to the individual scenarios, the Bank also

of ř9.7bn as at the reporting date.

simulates the impact on the liquidity gap profile (net liquidity
position) of a scenario that combines idiosyncratic and market-

Liquidity reserves from highly liquid assets | řbn

specific effects. The liquidity gap profile is shown for the whole of

Highly liquid assets

31.12.2017
83.3

the modelling horizon across the full spectrum of maturities and

of which level 1

77.8

follows a multi-level concept. This allows for a nuanced presen-

of which level 2A

4.8

tation – deterministic and modelled cash flows in existing business

of which level 2B

0.7

on the one hand and the inclusion of prolongations on the other.

Group Risk Report

framework,

126

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Liquidity ratios

The regulatory LCR is contained in the internal liquidity risk
model as a binding secondary condition. The LCR is calculated as

Throughout 2017, Commerzbank’s internal liquidity ratios, includ-

the ratio of liquid assets to net liquidity outflows under stressed

ing the regulatory liquidity coverage ratio (LCR), were at all times

conditions. It is used to measure whether a bank has a large

above the limits set by the Board of Managing Directors. The same

enough liquidity buffer to independently withstand any potential

is true of compliance with the survival period calculation set down

imbalance between inflows and outflows of liquidity under

by MaRisk and with the external German Liquidity Regulation. At

stressed conditions over a period of 30 calendar days. Since 1

the end of the year, the liquidity ratio under the German Liquidity

January 2018, following an introductory period, the Bank has had

Regulation stood at 1.55.

to comply with a minimum ratio of 100%.

In agreement with the Deutsche Bundesbank, BaFin has

In 2017, Commerzbank significantly exceeded the minimum

revised the German Liquidity Regulation. One consequence of this

ratio of 80% stipulated for that year on every reporting date. At

is that as of 1 January 2018 the Bank is no longer required to

year end, the average LCR of the last 12 reporting periods of the

comply with the German Liquidity Regulation’s liquidity ratio,

Commerzbank Group was 144.61%. The Bank has established

which has now been replaced by the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR)

corresponding limits and early warning indicators to ensure the

under the CRR.

LCR minimum requirements are met. Further information on the
composition of the LCR is given in Note (61) of the Group financial
statements.

Group Risk Report

Operational risk
Based on the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR), Commerz-

itself consistently to them. The reinforcement of the ICS structure

bank defines operational risk (OpRisk) as the risk of loss resulting

is an essential aspect of the pro-active reduction or prevention of

from the inadequacy or failure of internal processes, people and

operational risks.

systems or from external events. This definition includes legal risks;

Chaired by the CRO, the Group OpRisk Committee meets four

it does not cover strategic or reputational risks. Given its raised

times a year and deals with the management of operational risks

economic significance, compliance risk is managed as a separate

within the Commerzbank Group. It also acts as the escalation and

risk type. In line with the CRR, however, losses from compliance

decision-making committee for key OpRisk topics that span all

risks are still incorporated into the model for determining the

areas. The Management Boards and/or the Segment Committees

regulatory and economic capital required for operational risks.

with responsibility for operational risk deal with the management
of operational risk in the relevant units. They analyse OpRisk
issues that affect them, such as loss events, and define subsequent

Strategy and organisation

measures or recommend action.

Within Commerzbank, OpRisk and governance issues of the Inter-

basis by the full Board of Managing Directors after it has been

nal Control System (ICS) are closely connected in terms of both

discussed and voted upon in the Group OpRisk Committee. The

organisational structure and methodology and are continuously

OpRisk strategy describes the risk profile, key elements of the

being enhanced. This is because many OpRisk cases are closely

desired risk culture, its management framework and measures to

linked with failures in the control mechanisms. A properly

be taken by Commerzbank to manage operational risk.

Commerzbank’s OpRisk strategy is approved on an annual

functioning ICS thereby helps to reduce or avoid losses from

As such, OpRisk management is based on three consecutive

operational risks and thus to lower the amount of capital required

levels (three lines of defence) which, when taken together, are

to cover operational risks in the medium to long term. Conversely,

crucial for reaching the given strategic aims.

the operational risk management systems enable the ICS to adapt

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Financial Statements

Further Information

Risk management

31.12.2017
řbn

31.12.2016

RWA

ErC

RWA

ErC

risk, aiming to systematically identify OpRisk profiles and risk

Private and SmallBusiness Customers

5.1

0.4

7.0

0.6

concentrations and to define, prioritise and implement risk

Corporate Clients

9.5

0.8

11.7

1.0

mitigation measures.

Others and
Consolidation

3.3

0.3

Commerzbank takes an active approach to managing operational

Operational risks are characterised by asymmetric distribution
of losses. This means that most of the losses are relatively small,
while isolated losses with a very low probability of occurrence
have the potential to be large and devastating. This makes it

127

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

4.4

0.4

Asset & Capital
Recovery

2.1

0.2

1.9

0.2

Group

21.0

1.7

23.9

2.0

necessary not only to limit high loss potential but also to proactively manage losses that can be expected to occur frequently.
To do this, Commerzbank has set up a multi-stage system that
brings together the defined limits on economic capital (risk

The total charge for OpRisk events at the end of 2017 was around
ř38m (full-year 2016: ř36m). The events were dominated by
losses in the categories “Process related” and “External fraud”.

capacity) and those set for operative risk management during the
year (risk appetite/tolerance), complemented by rules on the

OpRisk events1| řm

transparent and conscious acceptance and approval of individual

Internal fraud

4

1

risks (risk acceptance).

External fraud

7

26

Damages and IT failure

0

1

OpRisk management includes an annual evaluation of the

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Bank’s ICS and a risk scenario assessment. Furthermore, OpRisk

Products and business practices

2

– 21

loss events are subjected to ongoing analysis and to ICS back-

Process related

24

29

WHVWLQJRQDQHYHQWGULYHQEDVLV:KHUHORVVHYHQWVLQYROYHŰřP

HR related

1

0

lessons learned activities are carried out. External OpRisk events

Group

38

36

at competitors are also systematically evaluated.
Commerzbank uses the advanced measurement approach

1

Losses incurred and provisions, less OpRisk-based income and repayments.

risks. Risk-weighted assets for operational risks on this basis

A structured, centralised and decentralised reporting system

amounted to ř21.0bn at the end of the fourth quarter of 2017

ensures that the management of the Bank and its segments,

(31 December 2016: ř23.9bn), while economically required capital

members of the OpRisk Committee and the supervisory bodies

was ř1.7bn (31 December 2016: ř2.0bn).

are informed regularly, promptly and fully about operational risk.

On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Super-

OpRisk reports are produced quarterly. They contain changes in

vision finalised the Basel 3 reform package. It provides for a new

OpRisk losses, the segments’ main loss events, current risk

standardised approach for calculating operational risk capital

analyses, changes in the capital requirement and the status of

requirements. Implementation into national law is scheduled to be

measures implemented. Operational risks are also part of the

completed by 2022.

regular risk reporting process to the full Board of Managing

The following table gives an overview of risk-weighted assets
and the economically required capital (ErC) by segment:

Directors and to the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee.

Group Risk Report

(AMA) to measure regulatory and economic capital for operational

128

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Other risks
To meet the requirements of pillar 2 of the Basel framework,

Organisation

MaRisk insists on an integrated approach to risk that also includes

Within Commerzbank, the functional management of legal risk

unquantifiable risk categories. At Commerzbank, these are sub-

throughout the Group is the responsibility of Group Legal. All legal

jected to a qualitative management and control process. The fol-

staff at the various Group Legal locations including the foreign

lowing risk types except model risk are outside the responsibility

branches as well as the legal staff of the legal departments of the

of the CRO.

domestic and foreign subsidiaries are as legal risk managers
operationally responsible for the identification and management of
the Group-wide legal risk within Commerzbank.

Legal risk
Risk management
According to the CRR, legal risk falls within the definition of

The task of the Group’s legal risk managers is to detect legal risks

operational risk. It primarily arises for the Commerzbank Group

and all losses potentially resulting from them at an early stage, to

when the Bank’s claims cannot be enforced for legal reasons or

highlight possible solutions that might avoid or minimise such

when claims can be made against the Bank because the

losses, and to play an active part in reaching decisions concerning

underlying law was not observed or has changed since a trans-

legal risks. They must ensure that they are always up to date with

action was concluded.

all legal changes or new findings within their area of responsibility

The operation of banking and financial services transactions
that are subject to regulatory provisions may also result in legal

and inform the business units affected about the impact on legal
risk and any action that needs to be taken as a result.

risk. This risk may also take the form of orders or sanctions issued

The legal risk managers are responsible for arranging or

or imposed by one or more authorities whose supervision

adjusting legal provisions and look after and monitor new and

Commerzbank is subject to anywhere in the world. Legal risk also

ongoing court proceedings.

arises in realised losses or provisions due to or in connection with

In the case of passive proceedings, provisions are recognised

court cases brought against Commerzbank (passive proceedings).

on the basis of the risk assessment carried out by the responsible

Cases brought by Commerzbank (active proceedings) generally

legal risk manager. The expected risk of loss for proceedings

represent a credit risk rather than an operational risk, so the risk

generally corresponds to the size of the provisions to be

of loss is already taken into account through write-downs.

recognised. To estimate the expected loss, the amount that the

However, the costs of legal action (court and lawyers’ costs) for

Bank would reasonably have to pay to settle the dispute at the

active proceedings are classified as legal risk.

current point in time should be calculated after each significant

Group Risk Report

stage in the proceedings. In the case of active proceedings,
provisions are usually only recognised for the expected court and
lawyers’ costs.
Group Legal provides information about all major court
proceedings and risk trends in the quarterly Legal Risk Report.
This report is sent to the Bank’s management and Supervisory
Board, the supervisory authority and the OpRisk Committee.

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Financial Statements

Further Information

Current developments

According to the view put forward in the BMF circular, abuse of

Commerzbank and its subsidiaries are involved in a variety of

law pursuant to Article 42 of the German Tax Code (Abgaben-

court and arbitration cases, claims and official investigations (legal

ordnung, AO) is indicated if there are no economically reasonable

proceedings) in connection with a broad range of issues. They

grounds for the transaction in question and the structure of the

include, for example, allegations of defective advice, disputes in

transaction appears to be largely tax-induced (tax arbitrage). The

connection with credit finance, entitlements to occupational pen-

circular provides a non-exhaustive list of cases which the BMF will

sions, allegedly false accounting and incorrect financial state-

assess for tax purposes.

ments, enforcement of claims due to tax issues, allegedly incorrect

In a letter dated 18 July 2017, the Bundesbank asked Commerz-

prospectuses in connection with underwriting transactions, and

bank to assess the financial repercussions of the potential

cases brought by shareholders and other investors as well as

application of the BMF circular by means of a survey form. Based

investigations by US authorities. In addition, changes to rulings by

on the analyses conducted for cum-cum transactions, the Bank

supreme courts, which may render them more restrictive, as well

recognised precautionary provisions for potentially refundable own

as to legal conditions, e.g. in the private customer business, may

capital gains taxes.

result in more claims being brought against Commerzbank or its

With respect to cum-cum securities lending transactions,

subsidiaries. In these court cases, claimants are mostly asking for

Commerzbank is exposed to compensation claims from third par-

the payment of compensation, claims on account of unjust

ties for crediting entitlements that have been denied. Based on the

enrichment or the reversal of agreements already entered into. If

analyses performed, Commerzbank considers it rather unlikely that

the courts were to find in favour of one or more of the claimants in

such claims could be enforced. However, it cannot be ruled out.

these cases, Commerzbank could be liable to pay compensation,

Based on our estimates, there could be a financial impact in these

which could in some cases be substantial, or could incur the

cases.

expense of reversing agreements or of other cost-intensive
measures.
Regulatory authorities and governmental institutions in various

129

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

For the other cum-cum-relevant transactions, Commerzbank
has concluded that no inappropriate legal structuring is present
under Article 42 AO.

countries, where Commerzbank and its subsidiaries are or have

It cannot be completely excluded that as developments unfold,

been active, have been investigating irregularities regarding

for example in connection with assessments made by the tax

foreign exchange rate fixings and the foreign exchange business in

authorities and fiscal/civil courts, this conclusion could alter.

general in the last couple of years. In the course of these

Some of these cases could also have an impact on the reputation

investigations, regulatory authorities and governmental institutions

of Commerzbank and its subsidiaries. The Group recognises

have also sought checks on Commerzbank or have approached the

provisions for such proceedings if liabilities are likely to result from

company with requests for information and brought one case.

them and the amounts to which the Group is likely to be liable can

Commerzbank is cooperating fully with these bodies and is also

be sufficiently accurately determined. As there are considerable

looking into the relevant matters on the basis of its own com-

uncertainties as to how such proceedings will develop, the possi-

prehensive investigations. The possibility of financial consequences

bility cannot be excluded that some of the provisions recognised for

arising from some of these matters cannot be ruled out; however, it

them may prove to be inadequate once the courts’ final rulings are

is not yet possible to make more precise statements in that regard.

known. As a result, substantial additional expense may be incurred.

The public prosecutor’s office in Frankfurt is investigating

This is also true in the case of legal proceedings for which the

equity transactions conducted by Commerzbank and the former

Group did not consider it necessary to recognise provisions. The

Dresdner Bank around the dividend record date (cum-ex trans-

eventual outcome of some legal proceedings might have an impact

actions). Commerzbank is cooperating fully with the authorities. It

on Commerzbank’s results and cash flow in a specified reporting

had already initiated a forensic analysis of cum-ex transactions at

period; in the worst case it cannot be fully ruled out that the

the end of 2015, which was concluded at the start of 2018 with

liabilities that might result from them may also have a significant

regard to Commerzbank’s equity transactions and is still ongoing

impact on Commerzbank’s earnings performance, assets and

regarding the equity transactions of the former Dresdner Bank.

financial position.

In the circular of the German Federal Ministry of Finance

Further information on legal proceedings may be found in Note

(BMF) dated 17 July 2017, the tax authorities addressed the treat-

(54) regarding provisions and Note (56) regarding contingent

ment of cum-cum transactions, declaring their intention to criti-

liabilities and irrevocable lending commitments in the Group

cally examine past transactions for indications of abuse of law.

financial statements.

Group Risk Report

To our Shareholders

130

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Compliance risk

regulatory requirements and defines and/or adapts corresponding
internal standards to ensure that the requirements are met. Where

The success of Commerzbank is critically dependent on the trust

necessitated by changes in requirements and standards, internal

of its customers, shareholders, business partners and employees,

training measures are defined and/or adapted and the Bank’s units

as well as on the regulatory and supervisory authorities and the

are advised how to implement these effectively. Implementation

public, with respect to its competitiveness and integrity (reputa-

encompasses setting up and carrying out suitable processes and

tion). This trust is based not only on implementing and complying

controls in daily work, assuring their quality and testing their

with the applicable laws, rules, regulations and good market

functionality. Compliance risks are monitored with appropriate

practice that Commerzbank is required to observe in its Group-

ratios, and regular internal monitoring reports are produced.

wide activities, but also on recognising and complying with the

Where necessary, matters are escalated according to their urgency

cultural and legal frameworks of the countries in which Commerz-

and severity. A systematic threat analysis (compliance risk assess-

bank does business. The Board of Managing Directors of Commerz-

ment) is a core element of risk management. It assesses the inhe-

bank actively promotes a strong culture of compliance and has set

rent risk arising from doing business with different customer

down and communicated corresponding values in the code of

groups and products and compares this with an assessment of the

conduct.

corresponding control environment. It produces a residual risk, the

The risk that may arise from the failure to adhere to key legal

risk content of which is assessed. The Bank defines measures to

regulations and requirements is referred to as compliance risk. It

enhance risk management (e.g. introducing additional controls) as

includes the risks associated with money laundering, terrorist

necessary and tracks implementation closely.

financing, sanctions and embargoes, markets compliance as well

Group Risk Report

as fraud and corruption.

In March 2015, Commerzbank reached settlements with various US authorities regarding violations of US sanctions and anti-

To prevent compliance risks, Commerzbank has implemented

money laundering provisions and undertook to implement additio-

security systems and controls for its transactions, customers,

nal measures to improve compliance-relevant processes. The

products and processes. These procedures for ensuring compliance

settlement also included a three-year period of good conduct.

with material legal provisions and requirements are referred to in

Based on the settlements, the Bank has engaged an independent

their entirety as a compliance management system. Commerz-

monitor, selected by the New York State Department of Financial

bank’s compliance management system is based on international

Services (DFS) at its sole discretion. The monitor’s mandate is to

market standards and the regulatory requirements in the various

conduct a comprehensive review of Commerzbank’s compliance

countries which are relevant for Commerzbank’s business activities.

standards, as measured against the requirements of the Office of

Commerzbank is constantly developing its compliance manage-

Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) and

ment system in order to meet its responsibilities and cope with the

anti-money laundering laws, where these pertain to or affect the

growing complexity and increasing regulatory requirements, there-

activities of its New York branch. The Bank is cooperating fully

by enabling it to secure its long-term business success.

with the monitor. This includes, inter alia, granting it immediate

Under this “three lines of defence” principle, protecting against

access to relevant bank data, documents and employees and

undesirable compliance risks is an activity that is not restricted to

supporting its work to the best of its abilities. In light of the

the compliance function (Group Compliance). Instead, the

experiences of other banks, it cannot be totally ruled out that

organisational control and monitoring elements are aligned in

Commerzbank will be subject to further measures during the

three sequential levels. The units in the first line of defence (1LoD)

period of good conduct and from the activities of the monitor.

assume main responsibility for identifying and managing risks and

According to the requirements of the Financial Services and

for complying with their own business rules; they also ensure that

Markets Act 2000 (FSMA), Commerzbank London mandated a

process-oriented

Group

consulting company as a “skilled person” in June 2016. The

Compliance, the second line of defence (2LoD), oversees the

consulting company carried out a review of existing structures and

appropriateness and effectiveness of the procedures and controls

processes (especially with regard to money laundering, financing

in the first line of defence, and assesses and communicates any

of terrorism as well as sanctions/embargoes) and prepared a

deficiencies found. Internal Audit, the third line of defence (3LoD),

report for the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). The Bank has

uses regular and independent audits to check that compliance in

drafted an action plan, and the consulting company sends the FCA

both the 1LoD and 2LoD is appropriate and effective.

a half-yearly report on the plan’s implementation. It cannot be

control

mechanisms

are

set

up.

Compliance risks are managed in a control circuit with interacting elements. Commerzbank continually monitors relevant

ruled out that additional expenses might arise, e.g. for staff or
other resources.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Reputational risk

Financial Statements

Further Information

131

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

The sensitive areas regularly and comprehensively analysed in
Reputational Risk Management include armaments exports and

Reputational risk is the risk that stakeholders may lose confidence

transactions, products and customer relationships relating to

in Commerzbank or that its reputation may be damaged as a result

power generation and commodities extraction. Commerzbank’s

of negative events in its business activities. Commerzbank’s

attitude towards these areas is laid down in positions and guide-

stakeholder groups include in particular the public and the media,

lines that are binding for all employees. Commerzbank’s Reputa-

non-governmental organisations and its customers. In the present-

tional Risk Management department regularly observes and

day competitive environment, a company’s reputation is becoming

analyses new environmental, ethical and social issues and informs

more and more important. The main factor determining this is

the relevant parts of the Bank about these. The reputational risks

how companies handle sustainability considerations in the market

identified and addressed by the department are incorporated into

segments’ customer business (intrinsic reputational risks). Compa-

the quarterly report on non-quantifiable risks prepared for the

nies are judged not only on the basis of people’s personal

Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee and the quarterly report on

experiences of them, but also on reports reaching the public,

major and high reputational risks prepared for the CFO and the

especially through the media. Reputational risk therefore goes

responsible segment boards.

hand in hand with communication risk.
Strategy and organisation

IT risk

and reinforce Commerzbank’s good reputation as a significant

IT risk is a form of operational risk. In our internal definition, we

element of its enterprise value. The segments and significant

define IT risk as risks to the security of information processed in

subsidiaries bear direct responsibility for reputational risk resulting

our systems in terms of meeting the four IT protection targets set

from their particular business activity. The Reputational Risk

out below:

Management department is part of the central Group Communi-

Confidentiality: Information is confidential if it is not accessible

cations division of the Commerzbank Group and focuses on

to, or capable of being reconstructed by, unauthorised persons,

intrinsic reputational risk that may directly lead to reputational

business processes or IT systems.

damage for stakeholder groups. The department maintains close

Integrity: Information possesses integrity if it has not been

links with the relevant market units. Management of intrinsic

modified or destroyed by any unauthorised means. An infor-

reputational risk is the responsibility of the Chairman of the Board

mation-processing system (IT system) possesses integrity if it can

of Managing Directors. It is a component of Commerzbank’s overall

perform its intended functions without hindrance and free of

risk strategy. Reputational Risk Management’s tasks include

unauthorised manipulations, whether deliberate or accidental.

identifying, evaluating and addressing intrinsic reputational risk in

Traceability: Actions and technologies applied to information

systematic processes at an early stage and suggesting or imple-

are traceable if they themselves and their source can be traced

menting appropriate measures (early warning function).

back without any ambiguity.

Risk management

being used to a predefined extent by authorised persons, business

Managing intrinsic reputational risk means identifying and

processes and IT systems when it is required.

Availability: Information is available if it is always capable of

reacting to potential environmental, social and ethical risks at an

Commerzbank attaches great importance to the protection and

early stage, thereby reducing any potential communication risk or

security of its own information, of that entrusted to it by

even preventing it completely. Intrinsic reputational risk is

customers, and of the business processes and systems used to

managed by means of a qualitative approach. As part of a

process it. They form a permanent core element in our IT strategy.

structured process, transactions, products and customer relation-

The processing of information is based increasingly on informa-

ships in connection with sensitive areas are assessed with

tion technologies. As such, our IT security requirements are at the

reference to environmental, social and ethical risks on a qualitative

heart of information security management. IT security require-

five-point scale. This assessment can contain conditions and in

ments are based on the IT protection targets referred to above and

some cases a negative verdict, which could lead to a rejection.

are set down in policies and procedural instructions.

Group Risk Report

All employees and managers have a fundamental duty to protect

132

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

IT risks are identified, evaluated and regularly reviewed as part

In order to prevent cyber risk organisationally, Commerzbank

of IT governance processes. IT risk is covered in the quarterly IT

has – in addition to the established governance processes of IT

risk report. Information security is also established as a principal

security, the related risk reports on key risk indicators and

objective for our internal control system.

management via the internal control system (ICS) – set up a cyber

Relevant IT risks are also evaluated as part of operational risk

security programme focusing on specific aspects of cyber security.

management through risk scenarios and considered in the Bank’s

The results of the cyber security programme feed both the ICS and

RWA calculation. This includes the risk of a breakdown of critical

the Bank’s risk reporting.

IT, the risk of externals attacking the systems or data of the Bank
1

Cyber risk is managed by Group Organisation & Security,

(cyber crime and advanced persistent threat (APT) scenarios), the

which reports to the Group Chief Information Security Officer

theft of corporate data or the default of service providers and

(CISO).

vendors.
Given the major importance of IT security to Commerzbank, it
is continually further developed and improved by means of

Human resources risk

strategic projects. We have taken into account the significance of
the “human” factor in IT security and cyber security by intro-

Human resources risk falls within the definition of operational

ducing additional training and awareness-raising measures.

risk referred to in the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR).

See also the following description of cyber risk.

The internal, management-oriented interpretation of this definition at Commerzbank includes the following elements in human
resources risk:

Cyber risk

Adjustment risk: Adjustment risk results when organisational

Group Risk Report

and operational circumstances change (for example, restructuring,
Cyber risk is regarded as extremely important, given the

changes in management culture, qualification needs), these

increasing digitalisation of the Bank and its environment. For this

changes impact employees’ scope of responsibilities and therefore

reason, cyber risk was classified as a material risk type during

require a greater willingness to change on the part of the staff. We

Commerzbank’s 2017 risk inventory.

offer selected internal and external training, continuing education

Cyber risk comprises risks with direct relevance to security and

and change programmes to ensure that the qualification levels of

risks that lead to relevance to security (in each case, within cyber

our employees keep pace with the current requirements, structural

space). The part of cyber space of relevance to Commerzbank is all

changes are supported accordingly and our employees can fulfil

networked IT environments within the Bank and those outside the

their duties and responsibilities.

Bank that lead to customers, business partners and service

Motivation risk: Motivation risk arises when demotivating

providers. Cyber risk is therefore concerned with the digital

factors are not eliminated and the staff does not sufficiently take

representation of the Bank’s assets (data, information) within

notice of motivating factors (for example, management, remunera-

cyber space.

tion). The effects (such as withheld performance by employees) can

Unlike IT security risk, whose scope is limited to the Bank and

have a direct impact on the working environment and the organi-

third-party companies with a business connection, the scope of

sation’s productivity. Employee surveys enable us to respond as

cyber risk extends to unknown persons, to take full account of the

quickly as possible to potential changes in our employees’ level of

requirement to protect their legitimate expectations when using

corporate loyalty and to initiate adequate measures.

cyber space.
The strategic guidelines from the overall risk strategy and the
IT security strategy apply without limitation to cyber risk.

Departure risk: Departure risk takes into account the consequences of undesired employee departures (for example, if an
employee resigns voluntarily), particularly when high performers
are involved.

1

An advanced persistent threat is a special form of cyber attack. The intention of an APT attack is to remain undetected for as long as
possible in order to steal sensitive information (internet espionage) or cause other types of damage over a longer period.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report
101
102
108
120
124
126
128

Financial Statements

Further Information

133

Executive summary 2017
Risk-oriented overall bank management
Default risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Operational risk
Other risks

Supply risk: Supply risk reflects the consequences of insuffi-

steps required to meet the targets. To ensure proper implement-

cient staffing (for example, inadequate development of young staff)

tation of the Group strategy to achieve the business targets,

and the resulting consequences (operating bottlenecks, increased

strategic controls are carried out through regular monitoring of

workload, lower productivity and illness). Appropriate quantitative

quantitative and qualitative targets in the Group and the segments.

and qualitative staffing aims to ensure that internal operating

Responsibility for strategic corporate management lies with the

requirements, business activities and Commerzbank’s strategy can

full Board of Managing Directors. Specific business policy deci-

be implemented.

sions (acquisition and sale of equity holdings representing > 1%

Employees are a key resource for Commerzbank. Human

of Commerzbank AG’s regulatory equity capital) also require the

resources risk is systematically managed by Group Human

authorisation of the Supervisory Board’s Risk Committee. All

Resources with the aim of identifying, assessing and managing

major investments are subject to careful review by the full Board

risks, for instance by applying selected personnel tools. The Board

of Managing Directors.

of Managing Directors is regularly informed about human
resources risk. In addition, systematic and strategic personnel
planning helps to put the management of medium- and long-term

Model risk

human resources risks on a more professional footing. Since mid2016 we have been gradually introducing strategic personnel

Model risk is the risk of incorrect management decisions based

planning into the Bank’s business units, based on the pilot projects

upon an inaccurate depiction of reality by the models used. With

completed by the end of 2015.

regard to the causes of model risk we distinguish between model

Overall, the Bank will continue to monitor human resources

risk from exceeding model boundaries and model risk from model

risk. There is a risk of the human resources risk situation deterio-

errors (manual errors in model development/implementation).

rating due to the impending structural changes under the

Corresponding to the focus of the Group risk strategy to ensure

Commerzbank 4.0 strategy. Change and organisational measures

that the Bank has adequate capital and liquidity, the models for

have already been initiated to counter human resources risk.

assessing risk-bearing capacity (capital requirements according to
Pillars 1 and 2 of the Basel framework) and liquidity resources are
central for risk management.

Business strategy risk

The basic principles of model risk management are the

Business strategy risk is the medium- to long-term risk of negative

consideration of known model risks (e.g. through conservative

influences on the achievement of Commerzbank’s strategic goals,

calibration or consideration of model reserves). Model risks that

for example as a result of changes in market conditions or the

are unknown and hence cannot be mitigated are accepted as an

inadequate implementation of the Group strategy.

inherent risk in the complexity of the Commerzbank business

Group strategy is developed further in a process that takes into

model. In respect of the governance of model risk management

account both external and internal factors. On the basis of these

requirements relating to model validation and model changes are

factors, the full Board of Managing Directors sets out a sustainable

established.

business strategy describing the major business activities and

Group Risk Report

identification and avoidance of model risks and appropriate

134

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Disclaimer
Commerzbank’s internal risk measurement methods and models

impact in reality or illustrate their complex behaviour and

which form the basis for the calculation of the figures shown in

interactions. These limits to risk modelling apply particularly in

this report are state-of-the-art and based on banking sector

extreme situations. Supplementary stress tests and scenario

practice. The risk models produce results appropriate to the

analyses can only show examples of the risks to which a portfolio

management of the Bank. The measurement approaches are

may be exposed in extreme market situations. However, stress

regularly reviewed by risk control and internal audit, external

testing all imaginable scenarios is not feasible. Stress tests cannot

auditors and the German and European supervisory authorities.

offer a final estimate of the maximum loss should an extreme

Despite being carefully developed and regularly monitored,

event occur.

Group Risk Report

models cannot cover all the influencing factors that have an

Group Financial Statements
› Our Group Accounts are drawn up in accordance with International Financial

Group Financial Statements

Reporting Standards (IFRS) and their interpretation by the IFRS Interpretations
Committee. We have taken account of all the standards and interpretations that
are binding in the European Union for the 2017 financial year.

136

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Financial Statements of the Commerzbank
Group as at 31 December 2017
Contents
139

Statement of comprehensive income

142

Balance sheet

144

Statement of changes in equity

146

Cash flow statement

148

Notes
148 General information
(1) Initially applicable, revised and new standards
150 Accounting and measurement policies
(2) Significant accounting principles and uncertainties in estimates
(3) Changes
160 Principles of consolidation
(4) Subsidiaries and business combinations
(5) Associated companies and jointly controlled entities
(6) Structured entities
(7) Consolidated companies
164 Notes to the income statement
(8) Net interest income
(9) Dividend income
(10) Loan loss provisions
(11) Other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement gain or loss
(12) Net commission income

Group Financial Statements

(13) Net income from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit and loss
(14) Net income from hedge accounting
(15) Other profit or loss from financial instruments
(16) Current net income from companies accounted for using the equity method
(17) Other net income
(18) Operating expenses
(19) Impairments on goodwill and other intangible assets
(20) Restructuring expenses
(21) Taxes on income
(22) Net income by measurement category
(23) Earnings per share

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

137

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

175 Notes to the balance sheet
Financial assets and liabilities
Financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost and loan loss provisions
(24) Financial assets – Loans and Receivables
(25) Provisions for on- and off-balance-sheet loan losses
(26) Financial liabilities – Amortised Cost
Financial assets – Available for Sale
(27) Financial assets – Available for Sale
Financial assets and liabilities – Fair Value Option
(28) Financial assets – Fair Value Option
(29) Financial liabilities – Fair Value Option
Financial assets and liabilities – Held for Trading
(30) Financial assets – Held for Trading
(31) Financial liabilities – Held for Trading
Other notes to financial instruments
(32) IFRS 13 fair value hierarchies and disclosure requirements
(33) Information on netting of financial instruments
(34) Maturities of assets and liabilities (including financial obligations)
(35) Transferred financial assets and collateral pledged for own liabilities
(36) Collateral received
(37) Financial assets which have been transferred but not derecognised (own holdings)
(38) Subordinated assets
Derivatives and hedging relationships
(39) Derivatives
(40) Hedging relationships
Disclosures on companies accounted for using the equity method
(41) Holdings in companies accounted for using the equity method
Intangible assets
(42) Goodwill
(43) Other intangible assets
Tangible assets
(44) Fixed assets

Non-current assets and liabilities held for sale
(46) Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
(47) Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale
Tax assets and tax liabilities
(48) Tax assets
(49) Tax liabilities
Other assets and other liabilities
(50) Other assets
(51) Other liabilities
(52) Leasing
(53) Other commitments

Group Financial Statements

(45) Investment properties

138

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Provisions and employee benefits
(54) Provisions
(55) Share-based remuneration plans
Off-balance-sheet transactions
(56) Contingent liabilities and lending commitments
Segment report
(57) Segment reporting
240 Other notes
Reported equity and regulatory capital
(58) Equity structure in accordance with IFRS
(59) Regulatory capital requirements
(60) Leverage ratio
(61) Liquidity coverage ratio
Credit risks and credit losses
(62) Concentration of credit risk
(63) Maximum credit risk
(64) Securitisation of loans
Other details
(65) Average number of staff employed by the Bank during the year
(66) Related party transactions
(67) Date of release for publication
(68) Corporate Governance Code
(69) Country-specific reporting
(70) Information on unconsolidated structured entities
(71) Information on significant non-controlling interests
(72) Letters of comfort
(73) List of shareholdings
(74) IFRS 9 effects
289 Report on events after the reporting period

Group Financial Statements

290 Boards of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft

291

Responsibility statement by the Board of Managing Directors

292

Independent Auditor’s Report

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

139

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Statement of comprehensive income
Income statement
Notes

1.1.– 31.12.2017

1.1.– 31.12.20161

Change in %

Interest income

(8)

8,423

8,773

– 4.0

Interest expenses

(8)

4,222

4,608

– 8.4

Net interest income

(8)

4,201

4,165

0.9

Dividend income

(9)

106

164

– 35.5

Loan loss provisions

(10)

– 781

– 900

– 13.2

Other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement gain
or loss

řm

(11)

– 76

40

.

Commission income

(12)

3,923

3,837

2.2

Commission expenses

(12)

745

626

19.1

Net commission income

(12)

3,178

3,212

– 1.0

Net income from financial assets and liabilities at fair
value through profit or loss

(13)

1,092

1,019

7.2

Net income from hedge accounting

(14)

– 86

– 37

.

Other profit or loss from financial instruments

(15)

259

393

– 34.0

Current net income from companies accounted for using
the equity method

(16)

23

150

– 84.6

Other net income

(17)

465

293

58.7

Operating expenses

(18)

7,079

7,100

– 0.3

Impairments on goodwill and other intangible assets

(19)

–

627

.

Restructuring expenses

(20)

808

128

.

495

643

– 23.0

Pre-tax profit or loss
Taxes on income

(21)

261

– 6.1

250

382

– 34.5

Consolidated profit or loss attributable to non-controlling
interests

94

103

– 9.3

Consolidated profit or loss attributable to Commerzbank
shareholders

156

279

– 43.9

1.1.– 31.12.2017

1.1.– 31.12.2016

Change in %

0.12

0.22

– 43.9

Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see page 152 ff.).

ř
Earnings per share

(23)

Earnings per share, calculated in accordance with IAS 33, are

option rights were outstanding during the financial year. The fig-

based on the consolidated profit or loss attributable to Commerz-

ure for diluted earnings per share was therefore identical to the

bank shareholders. As in the previous year, no conversion or

undiluted figure.

Group Financial Statements

1

245

Consolidated profit or loss

140

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Condensed statement of comprehensive income
řm
Consolidated profit or loss

1.1.– 31.12.2017

1.1.– 31.12.2016

Change in %

250

382

– 34.5

Change from remeasurement of own credit risk not recognised in
the income statement1

– 114

–

.

Change from remeasurement of defined benefit plans not
recognised in income statement

145

– 379

.

Items not recyclable through profit or loss

31

– 379

.

Reclassified to income statement

– 162

– 86

88.7

Change in value not recognised in income statement

449

– 49

.

Reclassified to income statement

32

54

– 41.2

Change in value not recognised in income statement

12

8

47.0

Reclassified to income statement

–

– 52

.

Change in value not recognised in income statement

7

– 91

.

Reclassified to income statement

– 66

– 89

– 26.3

Change in value not recognised in income statement

–3

–

.

Change in revaluation reserve

Change in cash flow hedge reserve

Change in currency translation reserve

Change from non-current assets held for sale or disposal groups

Group Financial Statements

1

Change in companies accounted for using the equity method

–8

1

.

Items recyclable through profit or loss

260

– 304

.

Other comprehensive income

290

– 683

.

Total comprehensive income

541

– 301

.

Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests

156

32

.

Comprehensive income attributable to Commerzbank shareholders

385

– 333

.

Adjustment due to early application of IFRS 9 regarding own credit risk (see page 148).
The comparable figures have been adjusted with retroactive effect from 1 January 2017.

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Other comprehensive income I řm

Further Information

1.1.-31.12.2017
Before taxes

Taxes

After taxes

Change from remeasurement of own credit risk

– 122

8

– 114

Change from remeasurement of defined benefit plans

206

– 61

145

Change in revaluation reserve

218

67

286

Change in cash flow hedge reserve

58

– 14

44

Change in currency translation reserve

6

1

7

– 69

1

– 68

Change from non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups
Change in companies accounted for using the equity method

–8

–

–8

Other comprehensive income

288

2

290

Before taxes

Taxes

After taxes

–

–

–

Other comprehensive income I řm
Change from remeasurement of own credit risk

1.1.-31.12.2016

Change from remeasurement of defined benefit plans

– 558

179

– 379

Change in revaluation reserve

– 28

– 107

– 135

Change in cash flow hedge reserve

86

– 24

62

Change in currency translation reserve

– 142

–1

– 143

Change from non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups

– 96

7

– 89

Change in companies accounted for using the equity method
Other comprehensive income

141

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

1

–

1

– 737

54

– 683

Group Financial Statements

To our Shareholders

142

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Balance sheet
Assets | řm

31.12.2017
55,733

36,206

53.9

28,887

(24,25)

265,712

276,578

– 3.9

293,538

2,655

1,519

74.8

262

(27)

31,155

39,634

– 21.4

43,025

924

1,656

– 44.2

246

23,745

24,797

– 4.2

36,433

–

–

.

–

63,666

88,862

– 28.4

114,825

1,072

1,917

– 44.1

2,876

153

310

– 50.7

284

1,464

2,075

– 29.4

3,031

Cash on hand and cash on demand
Financial Assets – Loans and Receivables
of which pledged as collateral
Financial Assets – Available for Sale
of which pledged as collateral
Financial Assets – Fair Value Option

(28)

of which pledged as collateral
Financial Assets – Held for Trading

(30)

of which pledged as collateral
Value adjustment on portfolio fair value hedges
Positive fair values of derivative hedging
instruments
Holdings in companies accounted for using the
equity method

(40)

1.1.2016

(41)

181

180

0.5

735

3,312

3,047

8.7

3,525

Fixed assets

(44)

1,600

1,723

– 7.1

2,294

Investment properties

(45)

16

16

– 3.0

106

Non-current assets held for sale and disposal
groups

(46)

78

1,188

– 93.4

846

Current tax assets

(48)

767

629

21.8

512

Deferred tax assets

(48)

2,950

3,035

– 2.8

2,747

Other assets

(50)

1,961

2,156

– 9.0

1,898

452,493

480,436

– 5.8

532,687

Total

Group Financial Statements

Change in %

(42,43)

Intangible assets

1

31.12.2016 1

Notes

Figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see page 152 ff.).

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Notes

31.12.2017

31.12.2016 1

Change in %

1.1.2016

Financial Liabilities – Amortised Cost

(26)

341,260

343,798

– 0.7

373,571

Financial Liabilities – Fair Value Option

(29)

14,940

18,084

– 17.4

23,708

Financial Liabilities – Held for Trading

(31)

56,484

77,772

– 27.4

86,454

491

1,001

– 50.9

1,137

Liabilities and equity | řm

Value adjustment on portfolio fair value hedges
Negative fair values of derivative hedging
instruments

(40)

2,255

3,080

– 26.8

7,406

(54,55)

3,291

3,436

– 4.2

3,326

Current tax liabilities

(49)

673

672

0.1

530

Deferred tax liabilities

(49)

34

49

– 31.7

106

Liabilities of disposal groups

(47)

–

–

.

1,073

Other liabilities

(51)

3,024

2,970

1.8

5,319

Equity

(58)

30,041

29,573

1.6

30,058

Provisions

Subscribed capital

1,252

1,252

–

1,252

Capital reserve

17,192

17,192

–

17,192

Retained earnings

11,249

11,117

1.2

11,391

– 817

– 1,014

– 19.5

– 781

28,877

28,547

1.2

29,054

Other reserves
Total before non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests
Total

143

1,164

1,027

13.4

1,004

452,493

480,436

– 5.8

532,687

Figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see page 152 ff.).

Group Financial Statements

1

Further Information

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

144

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Statement of changes in equity
řm

Subscribed
capital

Capital
reserve

Retained
earnings

1,252

17,192

11,740

Equity as at 31.12.2015
Change due to retrospective
adjustments
Equity as at 1.1.2016
Total comprehensive income

Other reserves
Revaluationreserve
– 597

Cash Currency
flow translation
hedge
reserve
reserve
– 159

Noncontrolling
interests

Equity

29,403

1,004

30,407

–

–

– 349

–

–

–

– 349

–

– 349

1,252

17,192

11,391

– 597

– 159

– 25

29,054

1,004

30,058

–

–

– 99

– 184

62

– 112

– 332

33

– 300

Consolidated profit or loss

279

279

103

382

Change from remeasurement
of defined benefit plans

– 378

– 378

–1

– 378

– 114

– 21

– 135

62

0

62

– 113

– 113

– 30

– 143

–

– 70

– 19

– 89

Change in revaluation
reserve

– 114

Change in cash flow hedge
reserve

62

Change in currency
translation reserve
Change from non-current assets
held for sale and disposal groups

– 70

Change in companies
accounted for using the
equity method

1

Dividend paid on shares

– 250

1

–

1

– 250

– 13

– 263

Changes in ownership
interests

6

6

2

8

Other changes

69

69

1

70

28,547

1,027

29,573

Equity as at 31.12.2016

1,252

17,192

11,117

Other changes primarily comprise changes in the group of consolidated companies and changes arising from taxes not recognised
in the income statement.

Group Financial Statements

– 25

Total
before
noncontrolling
interests

– 781

– 97

– 137

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

řm

Equity as at 1.1.2017
Total comprehensive income

Other reserves

Subscribed
capital

Capital
reserve

Retained
earnings

1,252

17,192

11,117

– 781

– 97

–

–

187

209

43

Revaluationreserve

Further Information

Total
before
noncontrolling
interests

Noncontrolling
interests

Equity

– 137

28,547

1,027

29,573

– 55

385

156

541

Cash Currency
flow translation
hedge
reserve
reserve

Consolidated profit or loss

156

156

94

250

Change from
remeasurement of own
credit risk

– 114

– 114

–

– 114

Change from remeasurement of
defined benefit plans

145

145

0

145

277

10

287

43

0

44

– 46

– 46

52

7

–1

– 69

–

– 69

–8

Change in revaluation
reserve

277

Change in cash flow hedge
reserve

43

Change in currency
translation reserve
Change from non-current
assets held for sale and
disposal groups

– 68

Change in companies
accounted for using the
equity method

–8

–

–8

Dividend paid on shares

–

–

– 10

– 10

Changes in ownership
interests

–8

–8

–4

– 12

Other changes
Equity as at 31.12.2017

– 47
1,252

17,192

11,249

– 571

– 54

– 192

– 47

–4

– 51

28,877

1,164

30,041

As at 31 December 2017, the subscribed capital of Commerzbank

The main changes in the currency translation reserve in the

Aktiengesellschaft pursuant to the Bank’s articles of association

current financial year are due to the US dollar, Polish zloty, British

was ř1,252m and was divided into 1,252,357,634 no-par-value

pound and Russian rouble.

shares (accounting value per share of ř1.00).
A proposal will be put before the Annual General Meeting to
waive the payment of a dividend for the financial year, as in the
previous year.
As at 31 December 2017, there was no material impact on the
“Other reserves” from assets held for sale and disposal groups.

145

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Other changes primarily include changes in the group of consolidated companies and changes from taxes not recognised in the
income statement.
The changes in ownership interests of ř–8m in 2017
resulted from the purchase of additional shares in companies that
had already been consolidated.

Group Financial Statements

To our Shareholders

146

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Cash flow statement
2017

20161

250

382

Write-downs, depreciation, write-ups on fixed and other assets,
changes in provisions and net changes due to hedge accounting

1,925

1,457

Change in other non-cash positions

– 7,082

1,647

řm

Notes

Consolidated profit or loss
Non-cash positions in consolidated profit or loss and reconciliation
with cash flow from operating activities:

Net gain or loss on the sale of fixed assets

(17)

Other adjustments
Sub-total

14

76

– 3,973

– 3,937

– 8,866

– 376

11,470

17,178

8,456

3,370

Change in assets and liabilities from operating activities after
adjustment for non-cash positions:
Financial assets – Loans and Receivables

(24)

Financial assets – Available for Sale
Financial assets – Fair Value Option

(28)

1,098

11,676

Financial assets – Held for Trading

(30)

9,954

12,893

Other assets from operating activities

825

– 244

Financial liabilities – Amortised Cost

(26)

– 1,615

– 28,883

Financial liabilities – Fair Value Option

(29)

– 3,236

– 5,672

Financial liabilities – Held for Trading

(31)

95

– 695

Net cash from contributions into plan assets

(54)

12

9

– 1,292

– 5,604

Other liabilities from operating activities
Interest received

(8)

7,111

7,403

Dividends received

(9)

106

164

Interest paid

(8)

– 3,244

– 3,630

Income tax paid

(21)

– 443

– 337

20,432

7,251

(41,46)

405

1,639

(44)

19

– 50

(27,41)

– 394

– 1,081

(44)

– 908

– 312

379

– 306

Net cash from operating activities
Proceeds from the sale of:
Financial investments and holdings in companies accounted for
using the equity method
Fixed assets
Payments for the acquisition of:
Financial investments and holdings in companies accounted for
using the equity method
Fixed assets
Effects from changes in the group of consolidated companies
Cash flow from acquisitions less cash reserves acquired
Group Financial Statements

Cash flow from disposals less cash reserves disposed of
Net cash from investing activities
Net cash from financing activities

89
– 21

– 282

69

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the previous period

36,206

28,887

Net cash from operating activities

20,432

7,251

Net cash from investing activities

– 492

– 21

Net cash from financing activities

– 282

69

Effects from exchange rate changes

– 131

20

55,733

36,206

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period
1

7
– 492

Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see page 152 ff.). In addition, securities
assigned to the LaR and AfS categories were removed from net cash from investing activities and allocated to net cash from
operating activities. This reclassification was necessary because the securities in question belong to the operating banking
business. As a result, net cash from investing activities for 2016 decreased by ř12.1bn and net cash from operating activities
increased by a corresponding amount.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

147

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Cash and cash equivalents was comprised of the following, and is
therefore identical with cash on hand and cash on demand.
řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

Cash on hand

4,423

1,431

.

Balances with central banks

49,063

33,030

48.5

Deposits daily due on demand with banks

1,736

1,404

23.7

Debt issued by public-sector borrowers

511

341

49.9

55,733

36,206

53.9

Total

Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 2017 included

Net cash from investing activities is made up of cash flows relating

ř421m (previous year: none) from companies consolidated for the

to payment transactions for intangible assets, fixed assets and dis-

first time. There was also no effect on cash and cash equivalents

posals of non-consolidated subsidiaries. The cash flows relating to

from deconsolidations in 2017 (previous year: ř255m).

the acquisition or disposal of consolidated subsidiaries are also

The cash flow statement shows the structure of and changes in

shown here. Net cash from financing activities consists of the pro-

cash and cash equivalents during the financial year. It is broken

ceeds of capital increases as well as payments made or received

down into operating activities, investing activities and financing

on subordinated deposits and debt instruments. Dividends paid

activities.

are also reported here.

Net cash from operating activities includes payments (inflows

Cash and cash equivalents consists of items that can be rapidly

and outflows) relating to loans and receivables and also securities

converted into liquid funds and are subject to a negligible risk of

and other assets. Increases and decreases in deposits, bonds and

changes in value. Here we include the item “Cash on hand and

notes issued and other liabilities also belong to operating activities.

cash on demand”, which contains cash on hand, balances held at

The interest and dividend payments resulting from operating activ-

central banks, sight deposits at banks due on demand, and debt

ities are similarly reflected in net cash from operating activities.

issued by public-sector borrowers.

Changes in net cash from operating activities also resulted from

With regard to the Commerzbank Group, the cash flow state-

disposals of consolidated companies. Other assets and liabilities

ment is not very informative. For us, the cash flow statement re-

from operating activities include disposals of consolidated compa-

places neither liquidity planning nor financial planning, nor is it

nies that were classified as held for sale and were sold during the

employed as a management tool.

reporting year. The following tables provide an overview of the

The following table shows the changes in net debt.
řm

Assets | řm

31.12.2017

Financial Assets – Loans and Receivables

8

Financial Assets – Available for Sale

–

Financial Assets – Fair Value Option

–

Financial Assets – Held for Trading

0

Fixed Assets

0

Other Assets

10

Liabilities | řm

31.12.2017

Financial liabilities – Amortised Cost

5

Financial liabilities – Fair Value Option

9

Other liabilities

3

Net debt as per 1.1.
Changes in net cash from
financing activities

2017

2016

10,969

11,858

– 642

– 1,202

Changes in the group of
consolidated companies

–

–

Exchange rate changes

– 167

399

Change in other non-cash
positions

– 114

– 86

Net debt as per 31.12.

10,046

10,969

Group Financial Statements

assets and liabilities at the time of disposal.

148

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Notes
General information
The Commerzbank Group has its headquarters in Frankfurt/Main,

account in accordance with the applicable transitional provisions.

Germany.

Aktien-

The application did not result in any material effects for the

gesellschaft, which is registered in the Commercial Register at the

The

parent

company

is

Commerzbank

Commerzbank Group. The relevant and significant new standards

District Court of Frankfurt/Main under registration no. HRB 32000.

for the Group are presented in the following section.

Our Group financial statements as at 31 December 2017 were pre-

The application of IAS 1 (Presentation of Financial Statements

pared in accordance with Art. 315 e of the German Commercial

– Disclosure Initiative) focuses on the concept of materiality. The

Code (Handelsgesetzbuch, or “HGB”) and Regulation (EC) No.

application had no effect on the Group’s accounting and meas-

1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council of

urement practices, although items related objectively and substan-

19 July 2002 (the IAS Regulation). In addition, other regulations

tively in these financial statements are now summarised together

for adopting certain international accounting standards on the

in the notes on the individual components of the income statement

basis of the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)

and balance sheet.

approved and published by the International Accounting Stand-

The IASB published an extensively revised new version of

ards Board (IASB) and their interpretation by the IFRS Interpreta-

IFRS 9 Financial Instruments in July 2014, which affected not only

tions Committee have also been applied.

IFRS 9 but also other standards (particularly IFRS 7 and IAS 1). It

All standards and interpretations that are mandatory within the

was transposed into European law in November 2016. The stand-

EU in 2017 have been applied. As permitted under the regulations,

ard must be applied in the EU for financial years beginning on or

we have not applied standards and interpretations that do not

after 1 January 2018, but earlier application is also possible. The

enter into force until the 2018 financial year or later. As at 30 June

previous standard for the accounting treatment of financial

2017, the Commerzbank Group had already applied part of IFRS 9

instruments (IAS 39) will largely be replaced.

retrospectively as at 1 January 2017. This relates to the remeas-

Reported equity declined by ř1.2bn as compared with IAS 39.

urement effect arising from the change in own credit risk. In con-

This decrease was the result of two factors: a change in the metho-

trast to the previous practice of recognising this change in the

dology for risk provisioning versus IAS 39, and the required

income statement, it is now reported directly in equity.

reclassification of the respective financial instruments. A range of

The information required under IFRS 7.31 to 7.42 (nature and

financial assets, such as loans granted primarily for ship financing

extent of exposure to risks arising from financial instruments) is

and loans of British public-sector bodies, are now measured at fair

reported partly in the notes (see Notes 62 and 63) and partly in the

value, leading to a reduction in equity.

Group Management Report.
The Group Management Report, including the separate Group
Risk Report pursuant to Art. 315 of the German Commercial Code,

Group Financial Statements

appears on pages 53 to 134 of this Annual Report.

Note 74 of this Annual Report contains the opening balance
sheet and various reconciliation tables as at 1 January 2018 in
accordance with IFRS 9.
The new standard IFRS 16 Leases, published in January 2016,

The Group financial statements are prepared in euros, the

will replace IAS 17 and the related interpretations IFRIC 4, SIC-15

reporting currency of the Group. Unless otherwise indicated, all

and SIC-27. The change was transposed into EU law in the fourth

amounts are shown in millions of euros. All items under

quarter of 2017. Under IFRS 16 all leases with a term of over twelve

ř500,000.00 are presented as ř0.00, and zero items are denoted

months must be recognised on the lessee’s balance sheet together

by a dash. Due to rounding, in some cases the individual figures

with the associated contractual obligations. Leases involving low-

presented may not add up precisely to the totals provided. This

value assets are an exception. The lessee will in future recognise a

can also lead to slight variances compared with the published

right-of-use asset and a lease liability, which represents the obliga-

prior-year figures.

tion to make the lease payments. IFRS 16 adopts the criteria of
IAS 17 for the classification of finance and operating leases by the

(1) Initially applicable, revised and new standards

lessor. The standard also contains further provisions on recognition,
on the information in the notes and on sale-and-leaseback transac-

In the financial year, the Commerzbank Group implemented all

tions. IFRS 16 will become effective for financial years beginning

new and revised standards and interpretations that are relevant for

on or after 1 January 2019, subject to the endorsement of the EU.

the Group which required initial mandatory application as at

Based on our knowledge as of today, the application of IFRS 16

1 January 2017 and which had already been endorsed into Euro-

leads to minor reporting changes in the income statement and an

pean law. All amendments to the standards have been taken into

increase in total assets by a low-to-mid single-digit billion amount.

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

149

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers introduces a

mance obligations and significant judgements and estimates. It

principles-based five-step model framework dealing with the

was transposed into European law in October 2016. The standard

nature, amount and timing of revenues and cash flows arising

must be applied in the EU for financial years beginning on or after

from a contract with a customer. It replaces IAS 11 and 18, IFRIC

1 January 2018. We have concluded our assessment of the new

13, 15 and 18 as well as SIC-31. The standard also requires exten-

standard and do not expect a material impact on the Group finan-

sive qualitative and quantitative disclosures on contracts, perfor-

cial statements.

Group Financial Statements

To our Shareholders

150

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Accounting and measurement policies
(2) Significant principles and uncertainties in estimates

derivatives with clearing agreements and any variation margins

Group Financial Statements

payable on them, this also applies to the netting of claims and liaThe Group financial statements are based on the going concern

bilities in reverse repo and repo transactions with central counter-

principle. Financial assets and liabilities are generally measured at

parties.

amortised cost, unless a different form of measurement is required

For fully consolidated companies and holdings in companies

by IFRS standards. This applies in particular to certain financial

accounted for using the equity method in the Group financial

instruments classified in accordance with IAS 39, investment

statements we have generally used financial statements prepared

properties and non-current assets held for sale.

as at 31 December 2017. As regards companies accounted for

Income and expenses are accounted for on an accrual basis;

using the equity method, in some cases we use the most recent

they are recognised in the income statement for the period to

audited financial statements under national GAAP if the company’s

which they are attributable in economic terms. Interest from all

financial statements for the last financial year are not yet available

contractual agreements relating to financial assets or liabilities is

at the date the Group financial statements are being prepared.

reported in net interest income on an accrual basis. We have

Where there is an intention to sell the assets and liabilities of

reported negative interest separately in net interest income (see

subsidiaries and companies accounted for using the equity

Note 8). Dividend income is only recognised where a correspond-

method, and their sale is highly probable within one year, they are

ing legal entitlement exists. Commission income and expenses are

reported separately in the relevant balance sheet items and notes

recognised on the one hand on the basis of the accounting treat-

(see Notes 46 and 47) and in the statement of changes in equity in

ment of the associated financial instruments and on the other hand

accordance with IFRS 5 until transfer of the shares is completed.

on the basis of the nature of the activity. Commission income for

Note 34 contains a breakdown of all balance sheet items into

services which are performed over a certain period is recognised

short-term and long-term items. The residual maturities for all

over the period in which the service is performed. Fees which are

financial instruments held as liabilities, financial guarantees and

associated with the completion of a particular service are recog-

irrevocable lending commitments with contractual maturity dates

nised at the time of completion of the service. Performance-related

are also reported in this note.

fees are recognised when the performance criteria are met. Com-

The Group financial statements include values which are

mission income on trading transactions carried out on behalf of

determined, as permitted, on the basis of estimates and judge-

customers is reported in net commission income.

ments. The estimates and judgements used are based on past

Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition,

experience and other factors, such as planning and expectations

construction or production of a significant tangible or intangible

or forecasts of future events that are considered likely as far as we

asset are capitalised in the balance sheet, provided that a period of

know today. The estimates and judgements themselves and the

at least 12 months is required to prepare the asset for its intended

underlying estimation methods and judgement factors are

use.

reviewed regularly and compared with actual results. In our view,

Assets and liabilities are normally reported on a gross basis in

the parameters we have used are reasonable and appropriate.

the balance sheet, i.e. without netting. However, in accordance

Nonetheless, the actual outturns may differ from the estimates in

with IAS 32.42, financial assets and liabilities relating to the same

the instances listed below.

counterparty are netted and shown in the balance sheet on a net

Estimates are subject to uncertainty, for example in the case of

basis if there is a legally enforceable right to net the amounts and

pension obligations, goodwill, the fair value of financial instru-

the transactions are fulfilled on a net basis or the asset is realised

ments, the fair value of investment properties and the recognition

simultaneously with the settlement of the liability. In addition to

of provisions in connection with tax-related operational risks.

the netting of positive and negative fair values attributable to

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Pension obligations are measured based on the projected-unit-

Further Information

The following items in the financial statements are also subject

credit method for defined benefit pension plans. In measuring

to the judgement of management:

such obligations, assumptions have to be made, in particular

• the reclassification of certain financial assets from the availa-

regarding the discount rate, the long-term rate of increase in sala-

ble-for-sale (AfS) category to the loans and receivables cate-

ries and pensions, and average life expectancy. Changes in the

gory (LaR) (see Note 24);

underlying assumptions from year to year and divergences from

• the impairment of loans and the recognition of provisions for

the actual annual effects are reported as remeasurements without

off-balance-sheet lending exposures, in particular the analysis

effect on income in retained earnings (see Note 54 on the impact

of the borrower’s financial situation and the determination of

of changes in parameters).

the expected cash flows including the recognition, level and

The impairment test for goodwill, which must be carried out at

timing of the realisation of collateral (see Note 25);

least once a year, uses the recognised discounted cash flow

• impairment testing of other financial assets such as holdings in

method. This is based on the future cash flows projected in

companies accounted for using the equity method and financial

management’s latest planning figures. An analysis of the uncer-

instruments held for sale, in particular the choice of criteria

tainties surrounding the estimation of goodwill and fair value of
financial instruments is set out in Notes 32 and 42.
For uncertainties relating to the fair value of investment properties, we carry out analyses based on country-specific rental indices
(see Note 45).

used to determine whether an asset is impaired (see Note 46);

• impairment testing of non-financial assets such as goodwill and
other intangible assets, in particular the criteria used to determine the recoverable amount (see Notes 42 and 43);

• impairment testing of deferred tax assets in accordance with

Provisions for tax-related operational risks are recognised tak-

IAS 12.24 ff., in particular determining the methodology used

ing into account the most current information from the ongoing

for tax planning and to assess the probability that the expected

audit and case law (see Note 49).

future tax effects will actually occur (see Notes 48 and 49), as

In addition, estimate uncertainty is still present for deferred tax
assets and generally for loan loss provisions, for example with
respect to charter rates in ship financing. A bank-internal expert
committee assesses the future development of charter rates. Its
assessments draw on multiple sources of information: current

well as presenting of tax risk positions;

• the recognition of provisions for uncertain liabilities (see Note
54);

• the assessment of legal risks where a loss is not probable (see
Note 56).

market data for the short-term forecast, and historical averages,

Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign curren-

forecasts by independent external research providers and their

cies and pending spot foreign exchange transactions are translat-

own analyses for the long-term forecast. The final estimates for

ed at the spot mid-rate on the balance sheet date. Realised income

charter rates are then derived from this combined information (see

and expenses are normally translated using the spot rate applying

Notes 25 and 48). For loan loss provisions, please also refer to the

on the date of realisation.

Group Management Report.

Average exchange rates may also be used to translate income

The assumptions and parameters underlying the estimates we

and expenses, provided the prices on the balance sheet date have

have made are based on the exercise of appropriate judgement by

not undergone major fluctuations. Hedged expenses and income

management. This applies in particular to the appropriate selec-

are translated using the hedging rate. The expenses and income

tion and use of parameters, assumptions and modelling tech-

resulting from the translation of items in the balance sheet are

niques when valuing financial instruments for which there are no

fundamentally recognised in the gain or loss from financial assets

market prices and no comparative parameters observable on the

and liabilities measured at fair value through profit and loss

market. Where differing valuation models lead to a range of different potential valuations, management uses its judgement to
determine the choice of the model to be used.

151

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Group Financial Statements

To our Shareholders

152

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Non-monetary items are translated using the current rate

An additional error was corrected during the financial year in

method. Gains and losses on the translation of non-monetary items

the portfolio of own promissory note loans. As at both 1 January

are recognised either in equity or profit or loss depending on the

2016 and 31 December 2016, this correction increased retained

way the net gain or loss is recognised.

earnings by ř31m, while deferred tax assets decreased by ř14m

Monetary and non-monetary assets and liabilities in the finan-

and “financial liabilities – amortised cost” (formerly “liabilities to

cial statements of consolidated subsidiaries and companies

banks”) by ř45m. Thus, there was no impact on consolidated

accounted for using the equity method are translated at the

profit or earnings per share.

exchange rate prevailing on the balance sheet date, while income

Furthermore, an error was corrected retrospectively as at

and expenses are normally translated at the exchange rate on the

31 December 2016, which required that liabilities related to short

transaction date. For simplification purposes a price can be used

sales be reclassified from “financial liabilities – amortised cost”

for translation which represents an approximation of the exchange

(formerly “liabilities to customers”) to “financial liabilities – held

rate on the transaction date, for example the average exchange

for trading” (formerly “trading liabilities”) in the amount of

rate over a given period. All differences arising on translation are

ř6,128m. Thus, there was no impact on consolidated profit or

recognised as a separate component of equity in the currency

earnings per share.

translation reserve. Effects arising from the translation of the capi-

In 2016, interest income and interest expenses in connection

tal components of subsidiaries included in the consolidation of the

with early repayments of liabilities were reported in part on a net

capital accounts are recognised in equity in the currency transla-

basis. This was corrected retrospectively, resulting in an increase

tion reserve. On the date of the sale or partial sale of companies

in both interest income and interest expenses of ř141m for the

reporting in foreign currency, the translation gains or losses are

2016 financial year. Thus, there was no impact on consolidated

recognised in other net income. Even if an equity holding in a for-

profit or earnings per share.

eign currency is reduced without being fully deconsolidated, the

Moreover, an adjustment was made to the prior-year figures in

effect of this partial reduction on the currency translation reserve

Note 32 (IFRS 13 fair value hierarchies and disclosure require-

is recognised in profit or loss.

ments) and in Note 52 (Leasing).

Uniform accounting and measurement methods explained in

The Commerzbank Group changed the structure of the bal-

the notes below are used throughout the Commerzbank Group in

ance sheet and income statement in 2017. The balance sheet and

preparing the financial statements.

income statement are now based on the measurement categories
under IAS 39. For this reason, the structure of various notes was

(3) Changes

changed accordingly and the values were restated. The structure

Group Financial Statements

of the notes is therefore also based on the IAS 39 fair value cateIn the 2017 financial year, an error was corrected in connection

gories. The new structure was introduced to generate synergies

with an audit finding for Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft. As at

with regard to IFRS-based regulatory requirements (FINREP) and

1 January 2016, retained earnings were reduced by ř53m and cur-

to facilitate comparability with financial statements published by

rent tax liabilities increased by the same amount. Thus, there was

the supervisory authorities as well as with competitors and the

no impact on consolidated profit or earnings per share.

Commerzbank Group. This harmonisation will make it much

A further error was also corrected in connection with unpaid

easier to reconcile the reports published by the regulator and the

investment income tax. As at 1 January 2016, retained earnings

Commerzbank Group. The reporting changes have no impact on

were reduced by ř45m and current tax liabilities increased by the

consolidated profit or loss, the statement of comprehensive

same amount. Thus, there was no impact on consolidated profit or

income or earnings per share.

earnings per share.

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

In the fourth quarter of 2017 we also changed the reporting for

loss from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value

the balance sheet item “cash on hand and cash on demand”,

through profit and loss. The Group made this reclassification

which contained primarily cash, withdrawable deposits held at

because with trading portfolios it is economically inappropriate to

central banks and debt issued by public-sector borrowers. We

differentiate between current income and expenses and remeas-

made this reporting change to align this item more closely with

urement gains and losses and realisation effects. The revised

regulatory reporting. Demand deposits held at banks, which were

reporting therefore also better reflects the economic management

previously reported in claims on banks, are now shown in this item.

of the trading portfolios and thus provides more reliable and rele-

We have amended the comparative figures for 2016 in the consoli-

vant information.

dated balance sheet and the associated notes. The resulting

The reclassifications from net interest income into gain or loss

changes in the consolidated statement of cash flows were restated

from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through

accordingly. This reclassification had no impact on consolidated

profit or loss amounted to ř662m for the 2016 financial year (net

profit or loss, the statement of comprehensive income or earnings

balance of a ř776m reduction in interest income and a ř114m

per share.

decrease in interest expense). The restatements, however, had no

In addition, the prior-year figures in the cash flow statement
have been restated.

153

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

impact on consolidated profit or loss, the balance sheet, the statement of comprehensive income or earnings per share.

Besides the adjustment of the structure of the balance sheet

The following tables show the changes between the old and

and income statement, the Group also changed the reporting for

new structure in the income statement and the balance sheet. All

current income and expenses from derivatives and other trading

changes presented here had no impact on consolidated profit or

portfolios in the held-for-trading category, which were previously

loss, the statement of comprehensive income or earnings per

shown in net interest income. This is now reported in the gain and

share.

Group Financial Statements

To our Shareholders

154

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

1.1.– 31.12.20161

(A)

(B)

Interest income

9,990

– 164

Interest expenses

4,913

Net interest income

5,077

– 164

–

+ 164

Income statement | řm

(C)

(D)

– 776

–6

– 270

– 114

– 58

– 132

– 662

+ 52

– 138

(E)

Old structure

Loan loss provisions

– 900
–

Commission income

– 52

+ 139

3,837

Commission expenses

626

Net commission income

3,212

Net trading income including net income from hedge
accounting

320

Net investment income

344

+ 662

–
– 139

–
Current net income from companies accounted for using the
equity method

Group Financial Statements

1

+ 138

+0

150

Other net income

297

Operating expenses

7,100

Impairments on goodwill and other intangible assets

627

Restructuring expenses

128

Pre-tax profit or loss

643

–

–

–

–

–

Taxes on income

261

–

–

–

–

–

Consolidated profit or loss

382

–

–

–

–

–

Consolidated profit or loss attributable to non-controlling
interests

103

–

–

–

–

–

Consolidated profit or loss attributable to Commerzbank
shareholders

279

–

–

–

–

–

Prior-year figures adjusted due to restatements (see page 152 ff.)

(A) Reclassification of dividend income and net income from

(C) Reclassification of realised profit or loss on LaR claims

profit and loss transfer agreements

The realised profit or loss from the sale of financial assets (claims)

Net income from profit and loss transfer agreements, dividend

classified in the loans and receivables category (LaR), which was

income (without HfT) and income from profit-sharing certificates,

previously recorded in interest income and expenses, is now

which were previously included in interest income, are now

reported as other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement

reported under the separate item of dividend income.

gain or loss.

(B) Reclassification of trading interest

(D) Reclassification of realised profit or loss from liabilities

Interest income, including dividend income, and interest expense

measured at cost

from financial instruments in the held-for-trading category (HfT)

The net gain or loss from the repurchase of liabilities measured at

are now reported in the net gain or loss from financial assets and

cost,

liabilities measured at fair value through profit and loss.

expense/income, is now reported as other net gain or loss from

which

was

previously

reported

in

net

interest

financial instruments.
(E) Reclassification of realised profit or loss on LaR securities
The realised profit or loss from securities in the loans-andreceivables category (LaR), which was previously shown under net
investment income, is now reported as other realised profit or loss
and net remeasurement gain or loss.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

(F)

(G)

(H)

(I)

1.1.– 31.12.2016

Further Information

155

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Income statement | řm
New structure

8,773

Interest income

4,608

Interest expenses

4,165

Net interest income

164

Dividend income

– 900

Loan loss provisions

– 47

40
3,837

– 37
+ 47

– 255

Commission income

626

Commission expenses

3,212

Net commission income

1,019

Net income from financial assets and liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss

– 37
+3

Net income from hedge accounting

–

+ 255

393

Other profit or loss from financial instruments

150

Current net income from companies accounted for using the
equity method

293

Other net income

7,100

Operating expenses

+0
–3

627

Impairments on goodwill and other intangible assets

128

Restructuring expenses

–

–

–

–

643

Pre-tax profit or loss

–

–

–

–

261

Taxes on income

–

–

–

–

382

Consolidated profit or loss

–

–

–

–

103

Consolidated profit or loss attributable to non-controlling
interests

–

–

–

–

279

Consolidated profit or loss attributable to Commerzbank
shareholders

(F) Reclassification of net remeasurement gain or loss on

(H) Separate reporting of net income from hedge accounting

LaR/AfS items

Net income from hedge accounting, which was previously recor-

The net remeasurement gain or loss (impairments) of securities in

ded in net trading income including net income from hedge

the “loans and receivables” (LaR) and “available for sale” (AfS)

accounting, is now reported in a separate individual item as net

categories, which was previously recorded under net investment

income from hedge accounting.

income, is now reported as other realised profit or loss and net
remeasurement gain or loss.

(I) Reclassification of realised profit or loss and net remeasurement gain or loss from associated companies and jointly con-

(G) Reclassification of realised profit or loss on AfS items

trolled entities

The realised gain or loss from securities in the “available for sale”

The realised profit or loss and net remeasurement gain or loss

(AfS) category, which was previously shown under net investment

from associated companies and jointly controlled entities, which

income, is now reported in other net gain or loss from financial

was previously recorded in net investment income, is now repor-

instruments.

ted under other net income.

Group Financial Statements

+ 37

Other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement gain or loss

156

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Assets | řm

31.12.20161

(J)

34,802

+ 1,404

(K)

Old structure
Cash on hand

+ 246,023
+ 23,950
Claims on banks

58,529

Claims on customers

212,848

Value adjustment on portfolio fair value hedges

2,075

Trading assets

88,862

Financial assets

70,180
3,047

Fixed assets

1,723

Non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups

16
1,188

Current tax assets

629

Deferred tax assets

3,035

Other assets
Total
1

180

Intangible assets
Investment properties

– 57,125
– 212,848

310

Positive fair values of derivative hedging instruments

Holdings in companies accounted for using the equity method

– 1,404

3,013
480,436

–

–

Prior-year figures adjusted due to restatements (see page 152 ff.).

(J) Reclassification of demand deposits held at banks

(K) Reclassification of claims on banks and customers into the

Demand deposits held at banks, which were previously reported in

respective IAS 39 category

claims on banks, are now shown in cash on hand and cash on

Loans and receivables, which were previously reported under

demand.

claims on banks and customers, are now reported in accordance
with the respective IAS 39 category in the new items “Financial
assets – loans and receivables” (LaR) or “Financial assets – fair

Group Financial Statements

value option” (FVO).

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

(L)

(M)

31.12.2016

Further Information

157

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Assets | řm
New structure

36,206

Cash on hand and cash on demand

276,578

Financial assets – Loans and Receivables

+ 39,634

39,634

Financial assets – Available for Sale

+ 847

24,797

Financial assets – Fair Value Option

+ 29,698

+ 857

–
–
310
2,075

Positive fair values of derivative hedging instruments

88,862

Financial assets – Held for Trading

– 70,180

–
180

Holdings in companies accounted for using the equity method

3,047

Intangible assets

1,723

Fixed assets

16
1,188

–

Value adjustment on portfolio fair value hedges

Investment properties
Non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups

629

Current tax assets

3,035

Deferred tax assets

– 857

2,156

Other assets

–

480,436

Total

(L) Reclassification of financial investments into the respective

(M) Reclassification of initial/variation margins recivable

IAS 39 category

Initial/variation margins receivable, which were previously repor-

Securities-related equity instruments and debt instruments, which

ted under other assets, will now be reported in accordance with

were previously reported under financial investments, will now be

the respective IAS 39 category in the new item “Financial assets –

valued in accordance with the respective IAS 39 category and

loans and receivables” (LaR).

reported in the new items “Financial assets – loans and receivables” (LaR), “Financial assets – available for sale” (AfS) or “Finan-

Group Financial Statements

cial assets – fair value option” (FVO).

158

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Liabilities and equity | řm

31.12.20161

(N)

(O)

Old structure
Liabilities to banks

66,903

– 66,903

Liabilities to customers

244,792

– 244,792

Securitised liabilities

38,494

Value adjustment on portfolio fair value hedges

1,001

Negative fair values of derivative hedging instruments

3,080

Trading liabilities

77,772

Provisions

3,436

Current tax liabilities

672

Deferred tax liabilities

49

Liabilities of disposal groups

–

Other liabilities

3,694

Subordinated debt instruments

10,969

Equity

29,573

Total before non-controlling interests

28,547

Non-controlling interests

1,027

Total

Group Financial Statements

1

480,436

– 38,494
+ 294,637

+ 37,481

+ 17,057

+ 1,013

–

–

Prior-year figures adjusted due to restatements (see page 152 ff.).

(N) Reclassification of liabilities to banks and customers into

(O) Reclassification of securitised liabilities into the respective

the respective IAS 39 category

IAS 39 category

The deposits that were previously included in liabilities to banks

Issues that were previously included in securitised liabilities are

and customers are now reported in accordance with the respective

now reported in accordance with the respective IAS 39 category in

IAS 39 category in the new items “Financial liabilities – amortised

the new items “Financial liabilities – amortised cost” or “Financial

cost” or “Financial liabilities – fair value option” (FVO).

liabilities – fair value option” (FVO).

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

(P)

(Q)

31.12.2016

Further Information

159

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Liabilities and equity | řm
New structure

–
–
–
+ 10,955

+ 724

343,798

Financial Liabilities – Amortised Cost

+ 14

–

18,084

Financial Liabilities – Fair Value Option

1,001

Value adjustment on portfolio fair value hedges

3,080

Negative fair values of derivative hedging instruments

77,772

Financial Liabilities – Held for Trading

3,436

Provisions

– 724
– 10,969

–

672

Current tax liabilities

49

Deferred tax liabilities

–

Liabilities of disposal groups

2,970

Other liabilities

–

–

29,573

Equity

28,547

Total before non-controlling interests

1,027

Non-controlling interests

480,436

Total

(P) Reclassification of subordinated debt instruments into the

(Q) Reclassification of variation margins payable

respective IAS 39 category

Variation margins payable, which were previously included in

The subordinated issues that were previously included in subordi-

other liabilities, are now reported in accordance with the respec-

nated debt instruments are now reported in accordance with the

tive IAS 39 category in the new item “Financial liabilities – amor-

respective IAS 39 category in the new items “Financial liabilities –

tised cost”.

Group Financial Statements

amortised cost” or “Financial liabilities – fair value option” (FVO).

160

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Principles of consolidation

Holdings in subsidiaries not consolidated for reasons of immateriality and holdings in associated companies and jointly con-

All intragroup receivables and liabilities as well as income and

trolled entities which, because of their immateriality, are not

expenses resulting from transactions between entities consolidated

accounted for using the equity method, are shown at their fair

in the Group Financial Statements are eliminated when liabilities

value under financial assets in the AfS category. Subsidiaries are

and income and expenses are consolidated. Any gains or losses

deconsolidated as of the date on which the Bank loses its control

realised in the Group on intragroup transactions are likewise elim-

over them.

inated.
(5) Associated companies and jointly controlled entities
(4) Subsidiaries and business combinations

Group Financial Statements

Associated companies are entities over which Commerzbank
Subsidiaries are entities which are directly or indirectly controlled

Aktiengesellschaft has a significant direct or indirect influence, but

by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, because Commerzbank has

does not control. A significant influence is assumed to exist where

the power to direct the relevant activities of the entity, has expo-

the share of voting rights is between 20% and 50%. Further fac-

sure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement and has the

tors indicating significant influence could, for example, be mem-

ability to use its power over the entity to affect the amount of its

bership of an executive or supervisory board or significant

returns. When deciding whether or not to consolidate we review a

transactions with the company.

range of factors such as voting rights, the object and structure of

A joint arrangement is where two or more parties agree con-

the company and our ability to exert influence. If voting rights are

tractually to exercise joint control over this arrangement. A joint

the sole and immediate dominant factor in managing the relevant

arrangement can be a joint venture or a joint operation. In the

activities, control can be established more straightforwardly in

Commerzbank Group there are only joint ventures.

these cases. We are nonetheless obliged to investigate whether

Associated companies and joint ventures are ordinarily

there are any other factors such as legislative provisions or contrac-

accounted for using the equity method and are reported in the

tual agreements which mean that Commerzbank does not exercise

balance sheet under holdings in companies accounted for using

control in spite of holding a majority of voting rights. Other factors

the equity method.

can also lead to control, for example if Commerzbank and the entity

The acquisition cost of these investments including goodwill is

stand in a principal-agent relationship. In this case another party

determined at the time of their initial consolidation, applying by

with decision-making powers acts as agent for Commerzbank, but

analogy the same rules as for subsidiaries. If associated compa-

does not control the entity, because it only exercises powers which

nies and joint ventures are material, appropriate adjustments are

have been delegated by Commerzbank (the principal). Consolida-

made to the carrying value in the accounts, in accordance with

tion takes effect from the date on which the Group acquires control

developments in the company’s equity. Losses attributable to

over the subsidiary.

companies accounted for using the equity method are only recog-

When consolidating capital for the first time, we remeasure the

nised up to the level of the carrying value (see Note 41). Losses in

assets and liabilities of subsidiaries completely at the time of

excess of this amount are not recognised, since there is no obliga-

acquisition regardless of the percentage share of equity held. The

tion to offset excess losses. Future profits are first offset against

assets and liabilities remeasured now at fair value are included in

unrecognised losses.

the Group balance sheet net of deferred taxes; identified hidden

Equity accounting for holdings in associated companies ends

reserves and liabilities are accounted for in accordance with the

on the date that the Group ceases to exert significant influence

applicable standards in subsequent reporting periods. Any differ-

over the associated company. Equity accounting for joint ventures

ence over net assets on remeasurement is recognised as goodwill.

ends on the date that joint control of the venture comes to an end.

Any negative goodwill is reported in the income statement.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

(6) Structured entities

(7) Consolidated companies

Structured entities are entities where voting or similar rights are

The Group financial statements include all material subsidiaries

not the dominant factor in determining control, such as when the

which are directly or indirectly controlled by Commerzbank

voting rights relate to administrative tasks only and the relevant

Aktiengesellschaft. These also include material structured entities.

activities are directed by means of contractual arrangements.

Significant associates and joint ventures are accounted for using

Examples of structured entities are securitisation companies, leas-

the equity method.

ing structured entities and some investment funds.

161

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities of minor

Commerzbank also acts as sponsor to structured entities in

significance for the Group’s net assets, financial position and earn-

which it does not have an equity holding. A company is consid-

ings performance are not fully consolidated or not accounted for

ered to be sponsored if it was founded and/or structured by the

using the equity method; instead, they are recognised in the bal-

Commerzbank Group, received or purchased assets from the

ance sheet under “Financial assets – available for sale”.

Commerzbank Group, was granted guarantees by the Commerz-

Please refer to Note 73 for more information on the structure of

bank Group, or has been intensively marketed by the Commerz-

the Commerzbank Group including a full list of the Group’s owner-

bank Group. As with subsidiaries, a structured entity must be

ship interests.

consolidated if Commerzbank exerts control over it. In the
Commerzbank Group the obligation to consolidate structured enti-

Acquisitions and disposals

ties is reviewed by means of a process that includes transactions
where Commerzbank launches a structured entity with or without

Acquisition onvista Aktiengesellschaft

the involvement of third parties, and transactions where Commerz-

On 3 April 2017, our subsidiary comdirect bank Aktiengesellschaft,

bank enters into a contractual relationship with an already existing

Quickborn, acquired from Boursorama S.A. a 100% interest in

structured entity with or without the involvement of third parties.

onvista Aktiengesellschaft in Frankfurt/Main and its affiliated

Decisions as to whether or not to consolidate an entity are reviewed

companies.

as the need arises, but no less than once a year. All consolidated

Onvista operates an established online platform for brokerage

structured entities and structured entities that have not been con-

transactions as well as a financial information portal in Germany.

solidated for materiality reasons are listed in Note 70.

The purchase price, which totalled ř40m, was comprised of ř42m

The ability of the Commerzbank Group to access or use assets

in cash and a claim from a purchase price adjustment in the

and settle the liabilities of subsidiaries including structured enti-

amount of ř2m. With the purchase of the onvista Group, cash and

ties, associated companies and joint ventures can be subject to

cash equivalents amounting to ř421m were acquired. Onvista

legal, regulatory and contractual restrictions.

bank GmbH has meanwhile been merged with comdirect bank Aktiengesellschaft. As at the reporting date on 31 December 2017,
the group of consolidated companies thus included onvista Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt/Main, as well as onvista media GmbH,
Frankfurt/Main.
The purchase price allocation performed at the acquisition date
resulted in other intangible assets of ř24m and deferred tax liabilities of ř7m. The other intangible assets are derived from the cussoftware, the portal onvista.de, the brand name and from a favourable contract.

Group Financial Statements

tomer base of the former onvista bank GmbH, internally produced

162

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The acquisition resulted in badwill in the amount of ř1m,

Acquisition Commerz Finanz GmbH

which was recognised through profit and loss in the income

Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft previously owned a 49.9 %

statement under other net income. This badwill is primarily

interest in Commerz Finanz GmbH, a joint venture with BNP Pari-

attributable to the conservative valuations for companies from the

bas Personal Finance S.A. On 18 August 2017, the instalment loan

financial services sector that prevailed in the market environment

business of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, which prior to this

at the date of the acquisition.

date had been isolated in Commerz Finanz GmbH, was transferred

In the period from the date of the acquisition on 3 April 2017

to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft in exchange for the return of

until 31 December 2017, the acquired company contributed ř0m,

the interest in Commerz Finanz GmbH. This transfer also involved

including the effects from the purchase price allocation, to the

the assumption of liabilities of Commerz Finanz GmbH, which,

consolidated net profit of the Commerzbank Group. If the initial

however, were largely owed to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft.

consolidation had taken place as at 1 January 2017, the contribu-

These liabilities, together with the receivables owed to Commerz

tion to consolidated net profit would have been less than ř–1m.

Finanz GmbH at the time in the amount of ř3.2bn, were therefore

These figures were determined solely for comparison purposes

extinguished through commingling.

based on estimates. They do not provide information about actual
operating results or future results.

In accordance with the requirements of IFRS 3, the transaction
resulted in the recognition of the hidden reserves in the previous

The following table shows the acquired assets and assumed

interest in Commerz Finanz GmbH and in the acquired financial

liabilities recognised in the balance sheet as at the acquisition date:

assets – loans and receivables. Overall, this transaction added
ř176m in reported income to other net income from financial

řm

3.4.2017

instruments (due to the recognition of hidden reserves associated

Cash on hand and cash on demand

421

with the interest disposed of in Commerz Finanz GmbH) and trig-

Financial assets – Loans and Receivables

220

gered the recognition of goodwill totalling ř23m. The latter is the

Financial assets – Available for Sale

97

accounting consequence of the carve-out of the instalment loan

Intangible assets

24

business from Commerz Finanz GmbH and the corresponding

Fixed assets

1

return of the previous interest in Commerz Finanz GmbH, which

Other assets

3

on the date of the return was measured for the last time at its fair

Total of identified assets

764

value as part of the merger. We expect additional synergies from

Financial liabilities – Amortised Cost

704

the transaction in the future.

Provisions

2

The fair value of the disposed interest amounts to ř0.6bn and the

Deferred tax liabilities

7

fair values of the disposed receivables due from the banking sub-

Other liabilities

10

operation of Commerz Finanz GmbH total ř3.2bn minus the existing

Total of identified liabilities

723

receivables of Commerz Finanz GmbH due from Commerzbank in

Net asset value

41

the amount of ř0.4bn. Combined, this results in consideration pro-

Purchase price/consideration

40

vided totalling ř3.4bn. The primary items added included loans of

Badwill

1

private customers measured as at the acquisition date at fair value in
the amount of ř3.6bn, nominal amounts totalling ř3.5bn and an
estimated loan loss provision of ř0.2bn. These loans will be meas-

Group Financial Statements

ured subsequently at amortised cost.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

As at 31 December 2017, the instalment loan business acquired

Further Information

163

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Divestment mLocum S.A.

from Commerz Finanz GmbH contributed ř16m to consolidated

On 2 June 2017, mBank S.A., Warsaw, Poland signed a preliminary

net profit.

sales agreement with Archicom S.A. to divest its interest in

The following table shows the acquired assets and assumed

mLocum S.A., Lódz, Poland. After the fulfilment of several condi-

liabilities recognised in the balance sheet as at the acquisition date.

tions precedent as well as a guarantee and pledge agreement between mBank S.A. and DRK Investment Sp. z o.o., 14,120,880

Financial assets – Loans and Receivables
Other assets
Total of identified assets

18.8.2017

shares representing 51,0 % of the share capital were sold to the

3,589

majority shareholder of Archicom S.A. on 31 July 2017. The sale of

162

the

3,751

remaining 8,026,120 shares (29,0 % of the share capital) will take

Financial liabilities – Amortised Cost

1

place by 30 June 2020 at the latest. Since 31 July 2017, the inter-

Provisions

9

est in mLocum S.A. has been reported under Holdings in compa-

Deferred tax liabilities

100

Other liabilities

282

The transaction was the result of the mBank Group’s initiative

Total of identified liabilities

392

to focus on its core activities. The sale of the interest in mLocum

Net asset value

3,359

S.A. will improve the ability of the mBank Group to exploit its

Purchase price/consideration

3,382

potential and achieve its business objectives on the Polish market.

Goodwill

nies accounted for using the equity method.

23

Group Financial Statements

řm

164

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Notes to the income statement
(8) Net interest income
All interest income and interest expense – including interest-

Similar to interest income, interest expense contains all interest

related income and expense – are reported in this item, they do

expenses, including reversals of premiums/discounts or other

not result from the held-for-trading portfolio.

amounts based on the effective-interest method, as well as inter-

Interest income includes all interest income that is generated
from the primary bank business or banking-related transactions.

est-related expenses in connection with the ordinary banking
business.

This income results primarily from the provision of capital.
řm

2017

20161

Change in %

Interest income

8,423

8,773

– 4.0

6,823

7,325

– 6.8

6,310

6,648

– 5.1

513

676

– 24.2

664

790

– 16.0

664

790

– 16.0

334

226

47.7

334

224

48.8

1

2

– 58.2

109

122

– 10.2
– 13.1

Interest income – Loans and Receivables
Interest income from lending and money market transactions
Interest income from the securities portfolio
Interest income – Available for Sale
Interest income from the securities portfolio
Interest income – Fair Value Option
Interest income from lending and money market transactions
Interest income from the securities portfolio
Prepayment penalty fees
Unwinding

18

21

Positive interest from financial instruments held as liabilities

474

289

64.0

4,222

4,608

– 8.4

Interest expenses
Interest expenses – Amortised Cost

3,251

3,902

– 16.7

Deposits

1,939

2,204

– 12.0

Debt securities issued

1,312

1,698

– 22.7

345

340

1.6

296

264

12.1

49

76

– 35.2

601

346

73.9

25

21

20.5

4,201

4,165

0.9

Interest expenses – Fair Value Option
Deposits
Debt securities issued
Negative interest from financial instruments held as assets
Other interest expenses
Total

Group Financial Statements

1

Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see page 152 ff.).

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

165

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

(9) Dividend income
All dividends from shares and similar equity instruments – with

This income also contains distributions on profit-sharing certifi-

the exception of dividends from trading portfolios – are reported in

cates and participating bonds, plus fund distributions on units

this item.

classified as equity capital.

Here we also report the current net income from nonconsolidated subsidiaries, which is realised through profit and loss
transfer agreements.
řm

2017

2016

Change in %

Dividends from equity instruments – Available for Sale

28

86

– 67.6

Dividends from equity instrument – Fair Value Option

47

62

– 24.0

Current net income from non-consolidated subsidiaries

31

16

92.1

Total

106

164

– 35.5

(10) Loan loss provisions
řm

2017

2016

Change in %

– 1,231

– 1,653

– 25.6

Reversals of loan loss provisions1

816

790

3.2

Direct write-downs

– 592

– 240

.

Write-ups and amounts recovered on claims written down

226

203

11.6

Total

– 781

– 900

– 13.2

Allocations to loan loss provisions1

1

Gross figures (e.g. migrations between different types of provisions are not netted off).

řm

2017

2016

Change in %

Specific risks

– 571

– 982

– 41.9

Loans and advances banks

8

8

2.8

Loans and advances corporate customers

– 398

– 922

– 56.8

Loans and advances private customers

– 131

– 103

27.6

Loans and advances

– 15

–1

.

Loans and advances public-sector

–0

0

.

Off-balance-sheet exposures

– 34

36

.

156

119

30.9

Loans and advances banks

10

20

– 52.1

Loans and advances corporate customers

71

74

– 5.0

Loans and advances private customers

19

15

27.2

Loans and advances

25

4

.

Loans and advances public-sector

1

–0

.

Off-balance-sheet exposures

29

5

.

Portfolio risks

Direct write-downs, write-ups and amounts recovered on claims
written down

– 366

– 37

.

Total

– 781

– 900

– 13.2

Group Financial Statements

The breakdown of the net allocation to provisions was as follows:

166

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

(11) Other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement gain or loss
This item includes the net income from the measurement of finan-

Here we also report the net realised gain or loss on claims and

cial assets in the loans and receivables category, which are meas-

securities from the sale of financial assets in the loans and receiv-

ured at amortised cost, and financial assets in the available-for-

ables category, irrespective of whether or not the gain or loss was

sale category, which are measured at fair value without effect on

credit-induced.

income.
řm

2017

Financial assets – Loans and Receivables
Net remeasurement gain or loss
Realised gain or loss
Financial assets – Available for Sale
Net remeasurement gain or loss

Group Financial Statements

Total

2016

Change in %

– 76

58

.

– 10

156

.

– 66

– 98

– 32.6

0

– 18

.

0

– 18

.

– 76

40

.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

167

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

(12) Net commission income
The Group reports the income and expense realised in the

or creditworthiness without changing the capitalised balance of

Commerzbank Group’s service business for others for the utilisa-

banking claims. This also applies with respect to commissions

tion of services as commission income and expenses. The income

from the sale of foreign currencies, bank notes and precious met-

in this context is not the income realised for claims recognised in

als, provided the activity relates to a service business and not to

the balance sheet, but rather amounts realised when clients are

proprietary trading. The same applies conversely when the Bank

provided with operational facilities, special business relationships

utilises third-party services.
2017

2016

Commission income

3,923

3,837

2.2

1,204

1,081

11.5

343

300

14.3

Securities transactions
Asset management
Payment transactions and foreign business

Change in %

1,386

1,389

– 0.2

Guarantees

210

213

– 1.5

Net income from syndicated business

260

264

– 1.5

Intermediary business

283

370

– 23.6

Fiduciary transactions

24

16

51.6

Other income

213

205

4.1

Commission expenses

745

626

19.1

Securities transactions

287

230

24.5

Asset management

61

44

38.7

Payment transactions and foreign business

149

155

– 3.5

Guarantees

20

16

23.6

Net income from syndicated business

0

2

– 89.8

Intermediary business

165

120

37.5

Fiduciary transactions

11

7

52.0

Other expenses

53

52

1.9
– 1.0

Net provision income

3,178

3,212

Securities transactions

918

850

7.9

Asset management

283

257

10.1

Payment transactions and foreign business

1,237

1,234

0.2

Guarantees

190

197

– 3.6

Net income from syndicated business

260

262

– 0.8

Intermediary business

118

250

– 52.8

Fiduciary transactions

13

9

51.3

Other income

160

153

4.8

3,178

3,212

– 1.0

Total

Group Financial Statements

řm

168

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

(13) Gain or loss from financial assets and liabilities measured
at fair value through profit and loss
This item includes the gain or loss from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit and loss. It contains the
net gain or loss from financial instruments in the held-for-trading

• dividends received from financial instruments held for trading;
• net remeasurement gain or loss from remeasurements to fair
value;

The net gain or loss from financial instruments in the held-for-

• net gain or loss from derivative financial instruments;
• net gain or loss from fair value adjustments (CVA, DVA, FVA);
• commission expenses and income incurred in connection with

trading category is the Bank’s net trading income and is reported

the acquisition or disposal of financial instruments held for

as the net balance of expenses and income. This item therefore

trading purposes.

category and the net gain or loss from financial instruments in the
fair value option category.

includes:

• interest income, including dividends received from financial

The net gain or loss from financial instruments in the fair value

instruments held for trading, and interest expenses resulting

option category includes only the net remeasurement gain or loss

from the refinancing of trading activities;

and realised profit or loss from financial instruments designated

• realised gains and losses from the sale of securities held for trad-

for measurement at fair value through profit and loss (the “fair

ing purposes, claims, foreign currencies and precious metals;

value option”). Expenses and income are presented on a net basis.

řm

2017

2016

Change in %

Profit or loss from financial instruments – Held for Trading

1,046

1,012

3.4

Profit or loss from financial instruments – Fair Value Option

46

7

.

1,092

1,019

7.2

2017

2016

Change in %
.

Total

(14) Net income from hedge accounting
Net income from hedge accounting includes gains and losses on
the valuation of effective hedges in fair value hedge accounting
(fair value hedge). Net income from hedge accounting also
includes the ineffective portion of effective cash flow hedges.
řm
Fair Value Hedges
Changes in fair value attributable to hedging instruments

115

– 968

Micro fair value hedges

113

– 1,107

.

Portfolio fair value hedges

2

139

– 98.5

Group Financial Statements

Changes in fair value attributable to hedged items

– 200

935

.

Micro fair value hedges

– 233

1,123

.

Portfolio fair value hedges

33

– 188

.

Gain or loss from effectively hedged cash flow hedges
(ineffective part only)

–2

–4

– 61.9

Total

– 86

– 37

.

Cash Flow Hedges

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

169

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

(15) Other net gain or loss from financial instruments
This item contains the gain or loss on disposals of financial assets

without effect on income, and therefore not in the income state-

in the available-for-sale category as well as the gain or loss from

ment. The revaluation reserve is reversed through profit and loss

the repurchase of financial liabilities in the amortised cost category.

when the asset is disposed of.

In the case of financial assets in the available-for-sale category,

The disposal of financial liabilities in the amortised cost category

the difference between amortised cost and fair value is recognised

results in a net realised profit or loss, which arises directly from

in the revaluation reserve until disposal (except for impairments)

the difference between the purchase price and amortised costs.

řm

2017

2016

Realised profit or loss from financial assets – Available for Sale

239

255

Change in %
– 6.3

Realised profit or loss from financial liabilities – Amortised Cost

20

138

– 85.3

Total

259

393

– 34.0

(16) Current net income from companies accounted for using
the equity method
Current net income from companies accounted for using the

using the equity method was ř217m (previous year: ř147m). The

equity method was ř23m (previous year: ř150m).

figure in the reporting year was positively impacted primarily by a

Including the net gain on disposals and remeasurement of

non-recurring effect associated with the spin-off and acquisition of

companies accounted for using the equity method, which was

the instalment loan business as well as the resulting remeasure-

reported in other net income and amounted to ř194m (previous

ment of the former holding in Commerz Finanz GmbH.

year: ř–3m), the total net income from companies accounted for
(17) Other net income

of provisions and income and expenses from operating leases.

This item also includes the realised profit or loss and net
remeasurement gain or loss from associated companies and jointly
controlled entities.

Group Financial Statements

Other net income primarily comprises allocations to and reversals

170

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

řm

2017

2016

Change in %

Other material items of income

854

856

– 0.2

Reversals of provisions

201

197

2.0

Operating lease income

174

178

– 2.4

Income from building and architects’ services

1

7

– 82.4

Hire-purchase income and sublease income

11

22

– 50.8

Income from investment properties

1

9

– 85.8

Income from non-current assets held for sale

240

93

.

Income from disposal of fixed assets

18

81

– 77.3

Income from FX-rate differences

25

69

– 63.9

Other items in other income

182

200

– 8.8

Other material items of expense

484

499

– 3.0

Allocations to provisions

104

79

31.5

Operating lease expenses

126

166

– 24.1

Expenses arising from building and architects’ services

16

24

– 35.0

Hire-purchase expenses and sublease expenses

4

8

– 47.0

Expenses from investment properties

0

2

– 87.6

Expenses from non-current assets held for sale

0

1

– 99.6

Expenses from disposal of fixed assets

5

5

– 8.3
22.0

Expenses from FX-rate differences

31

25

Other items in other expenses

198

188

5.6

– 99

– 60

63.3

Balance of sundry other income/expenses
Realised profit or loss and net remeasurement gain or loss from
associated companies and jointly controlled entities (netted)
Other net income

194

–3

.

465

293

58.7

(18) Operating expenses
Operating expenses in the Group were ř7,079m (previous year:

ture and equipment, property and other intangible assets of

ř7,100m) and included personnel expenses of ř3,600m (previous

ř617m (previous year: ř556m). The breakdown of operating

year: ř3,724m), administrative expenses of ř2,862m (previous

expenses was as follows:

year: ř2,821m) and depreciation and amortisation of office furniPersonnel expenses | řm

2017

2016

Change in %

Wages and salaries

3,360

3,527

– 4.7

240

196

22.4

3,600

3,724

– 3.3

Expenses for pensions and similar employee benefits

Group Financial Statements

Total

Wages and salaries contain ř457m (previous year: ř463m) for

Expenses for pensions and similar employee benefits consist of

social security contributions. They also include the employers’

expenses for defined benefit and defined contribution pension

contributions to the statutory pension scheme in the amount of

plans (see Note 54), age-related short-time working schemes and

ř226m (previous year: ř227m).

early retirement, as well as other pension-related expenses.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

Operating expenses | řm

2017

2016

Change in %

Occupancy expenses

565

570

– 0.7

IT expenses

542

498

9.0

Workplace and information expenses

260

253

2.6

Compulsory contributions

417

372

12.2

Advisory, audit and other expenses required to comply with company
law

502

507

– 1.1

Travel, representation and advertising expenses

263

306

– 14.0

Personnel-related operating expenses

126

131

– 3.8

Other operating expenses

188

185

1.3

2,862

2,821

1.5

Total

The compulsory contributions include ř182m for bank levies in

ner, and the sixth year in this role for Clemens Koch. The auditor

the reporting year (previous year: ř155m) and Polish bank tax of

in charge of the Commerzbank mandate as defined under the Pro-

ř87m (previous year: ř74m).

fessional Statutes is Helge Olsson. At the Annual General Meeting

PricewaterhouseCoopers

GmbH

Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesell-

schaft, Frankfurt/Main, Germany, was appointed as the group au-

171

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

on 3 May 2017, Ernst&Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft have been elected as auditor for the financial year 2018

ditors of Commerzbank. The audit partners responsible for this

The fees for the group auditors amounted to ř31,748 thousand

mandate pursuant to Art. 319a (1) sentence (4) of the German

excluding VAT for the 2017 financial year. ř765 thousand of this

Commercial Code were Helge Olsson and Clemens Koch. This was

amount is attributable to services rendered during 2016.

the third year in which Helge Olsson was a responsible audit part2017

20161

Audit of financial statements

16,136

17,632

– 8.5

Other confirmation services

3,552

6,374

– 44.3

906

430

.

Other services

11,153

21,654

– 48.5

Total

31,748

46,090

– 31.1

Auditors’ fees | ř1,000

Tax consulting services

1

Change in %

Prior-year figures restated.

The fee for annual audit services covers the annual audits of

ing obligations pursuant to Art. 36 of the German Securities Trad-

Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and its subsidiaries, and the

ing Act (WpHG). The fees for other services are mainly fees for

audit of the Group accounts in accordance with the amended

project-related advisory services.

standard

RS

HFA

36

promulgated

by

the

Institut

der

Wirtschaftsprüfer (Institute of Public Auditors in Germany).
The other confirmation services mainly comprise fees for legally required, contractually agreed or voluntarily commissioned

The depreciation and amortisation of office furniture and
equipment, land, buildings, other fixed assets and intangible
assets includes scheduled depreciation and amortisation as well as
impairment losses, broken down as follow:

Depreciation | řm

2017

2016

Office furniture and equipment

129

133

– 3.0

Land and buildings

14

38

– 62.5

Intangible assets

473

385

23.0

Total

617

556

10.9

The amortisation of intangible assets included ř1m of impairment
charges (previous year: ř1m). On land, buildings and other fixed
assets there were write-ups of ř3m (previous year: write-downs
of ř8m).

Change in %

Group Financial Statements

audit and confirmation services. It also includes reviews of report-

172

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

(19) Impairments on goodwill and other intangible assets
In the previous year, against the backdrop of the realignment of

We also recognised an impairment of ř35m on the customer base

the segment structure as part of the “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy,

of the Corporate Clients segment. This depreciation is associated

we carried out an unscheduled impairment test as at 30 Septem-

exclusively with the impairment test.

ber 2016, which resulted in the recognition of an impairment on
goodwill of ř592m in the Corporate Clients segment (see Note 42).
řm

2017

2016

Change in %

Goodwill

–

592

.

Customer base

–

35

.

Total

–

627

.

řm

2017

2016

Change in %

Expenses for restructuring measures in progress

808

128

.

Total

808

128

.

(20) Restructuring expenses

The restructuring expenses in the 2017 reporting year are con-

The restructuring expenses in the previous year were related to

nected with the implementation of the “Commerzbank 4.0” strategy

the restructuring of various back office units in Germany and the

in Germany and abroad.

realignment of the Corporate Clients segment in London and New
York.

(21) Taxes on income
řm

2017

2016

Change in %

Current taxes on income

320

536

– 40.2

Tax expense/income for the current year

293

491

– 40.3

Tax expense/income for previous years

27

45

– 39.4

– 75

– 275

– 72.7

Deferred income taxes
Tax expense/income due to temporary differences and tax loss
carryforwards

– 80

8

.

Tax rate differences

– 82

– 81

1.2

Tax expense due to depreciation on deferred taxes calculated
hitherto

87

20

.

–

– 222

.

245

261

– 5.9

Tax income from previously unrecognised tax loss carryforwards
and temporary differences
Group Financial Statements

Total

The combined income tax rate applicable to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and its German subsidiaries was 31.5 %.
The following reconciliation shows the relationship between
net pre-tax profit according to IFRS and tax expense in the reporting year.
The Group income tax rate selected as a basis for the reconciliation is made up of the corporate income tax rate of 15.0 %
applied in Germany, plus the solidarity surcharge of 5.5 % and an
average rate of 15.4 % for trade tax. This yields a German income
tax rate of 31.5 % (previous year: 31.5 %).

Income tax effects result from discrepancies between the tax
rates applying to foreign units. Tax rates outside Germany ranged
between 12.0 % (Singapore) and 46.0 % (New York).
As at 31 December 2017 the Group tax rate was 49.5 % (previous year: 40.5 %).

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

173

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

The increase in the tax ratio stemmed primarily from current
European Court of Justice case law, under which tax losses from
foreign branches are disallowed for domestic tax purposes.
řm

2017

2016

Change in %

Pre-tax profit or loss under IFRS

495

643

– 23.0

Group’s income tax rate (%)

31.5

31.5

–

Calculated income tax expense in financial year

156

202

– 22.8

Effects of differing tax rates and tax rate changes on tax accruals
recognised in income

– 83

– 88

– 5.7

Effect from the remeasurement of deferred taxes

– 30

93

.

Effects of non-deductible operating expenses and tax-exempt income

25

200

– 87.5

Unrecognised deferred tax assets

206

– 166

.

Utilisation of tax loss carryforwards for which no deferred tax assets
had been calculated

– 41.8

– 32

– 55

Effects of additions and deductions for trade tax

8

8

–

Withholding taxes not creditable

12

46

– 73.9

Current taxes relating to other periods

– 27

25

.

Other effects

10

–4

.

Taxes on income

245

261

– 6.1

2017

2016

Change in %

The table below shows the amount of current and deferred taxes

Taxes on income not recognised in the income statement | řm
Current taxes on income

–

–

.

Deferred taxes on income

972

1,026

– 5.3
– 48.0

Measurement differences arising from cash flow hedges

13

25

Revaluation reserve

272

207

31.4

Loss carryforwards

150

199

– 24.6

Remeasurement of defined benefit plans

530

595

– 10.9

7

–

.

972

1,026

– 5.3

Other
Total

Group Financial Statements

resulting from items that were recognised directly in equity:

174

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

(22) Net income by measurement category
Net income consists of remeasurements to fair value, net interest

recoveries on written-down financial instruments and changes in

income, dividend income, foreign exchange translation effects,

the revaluation reserve recognised in equity.

impairments, impairment reversals, realised gains on disposal,
řm

2017

2016

Change in %

2,735

2,718

0.6

Net income from
Financial assets – Loans and Receivables
Financial assets – Available for Sale

931

1,114

– 16.4

of which change in valuation reserve recognised in income
statement

– 162

– 86

88.7

of which change in valuation reserve not recognised in income
statement

.

449

– 49

Financial assets and liabilities – Fair Value Option

82

– 45

.

Financial assets and liabilities – Held for Trading

833

918

– 9.2

(23) Earnings per share

Operating profit (řm)
Consolidated profit or loss attributable to Commerzbank shareholders
(řm)
Average number of ordinary shares issued

2016

Change in %

1,399

– 6.8 %

156

279

– 43.9 %

1,252,357,634

1,252,357,634

.

Operating profit per share (ř)

1.04

1.12

– 6.8 %

Earnings per share (ř)

0.12

0.22

– 43.9 %

Earnings per share, calculated in accordance with IAS 33, are

year, no conversion or option rights were outstanding in the

based on the consolidated profit or loss attributable to

reporting year. The figure for diluted earnings per share was

Commerzbank shareholders and are calculated by dividing the

therefore identical to the undiluted figure. The breakdown of

consolidated profit or loss by the weighted average number of

operating profit is set out in the segment report (Note 57).

shares outstanding during the financial year. As in the previous

Group Financial Statements

2017
1,303

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

175

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Notes to the balance
Financial assets and liabilities
General classification and measurement

The derecognition rules of IAS 39 are based both on the con-

In accordance with IAS 39 all financial investments and liabilities –

cept of risks and rewards and on the concept of control. However,

which also include derivative financial instruments – must be

when deciding whether an asset qualifies for derecognition, the

recognised in the balance sheet. A financial instrument is a con-

evaluation of the transfer of the risks and rewards of ownership

tract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial

takes precedence over the evaluation of the transfer of control. If

liability or equity instrument of another. On initial recognition,

the risks and rewards are transferred only partially and control

financial instruments are measured at fair value. For financial

over the asset is retained, the continuing involvement approach is

instruments that are not measured at fair value through profit and

used. The financial asset continues to be recognised to the extent

loss, directly attributable transaction costs are included in the fair

of the Group’s continuing involvement, and special accounting

values as acquisition-related costs, which increase the fair value of

policies apply. The extent of the continuing involvement is the

financial assets or reduce the fair value of financial liabilities. In

extent to which the Group is exposed to changes in the value of

accordance with IFRS 13, fair value is defined as the realisable

the transferred asset. A financial liability (or part of a financial lia-

price, i.e. the price that the market participant would receive for

bility) is derecognised when it is extinguished, i.e. when the obli-

the sale of an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly trans-

gations arising from the contract are discharged or cancelled or

action. The fair value is a price observed on an active market

expire. The repurchase of own debt instruments is also a transfer

(mark-to-market) or determined using valuation models (mark-to-

of financial liabilities that qualifies for derecognition. Any differ-

model). The relevant inputs for the valuation model are either

ences between the carrying value of the liability (including dis-

observed directly on the market or are estimates made by experts.

counts and premiums) and the purchase price are recognised in

Depending on their category, financial instruments are recog-

profit or loss; if the asset is sold again at a later date a new finan-

nised in the balance sheet subsequently either at (amortised) cost

cial liability is recognised at cost equal to the price at which the

or fair value.

asset was sold. Differences between this cost and the repayment
amount are allocated over the term of the debt instrument using
the effective interest rate method.

A financial asset or a financial liability is generally recognised in

Some amendments of contractual terms and conditions

the balance sheet when the Commerzbank Group becomes a party

between borrowers and the Bank, for example as a consequence

to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. For regu-

of forbearance measures or restructuring, can lead to derecogni-

lar-way purchases or sales of financial assets in the cash market

tion. A substantive amendment of the contractual terms and condi-

the trading and settlement dates normally differ. These regular-

tions of a financial instrument between an existing borrower and

way cash market purchases and sales may be recognised using

the Bank leads to the derecognition of the original financial asset

either trade date or settlement date accounting. Within the

and the recognition of a new financial instrument.

Commerzbank Group, regular-way purchases and sales of financial

Similarly, a significant amendment of the contractual terms and

assets in the categories loans and receivables and in the case of

conditions of an existing debt instrument is to be treated as a

the fair value option are recognised on the settlement date on both

repayment of the original financial liability. In quantitative terms,

recognition and derecognition. For all other IAS 39 categories the

an amendment of the contractual terms and conditions is regarded

Group uses trade date accounting for all regular-way purchases

as substantive if the discounted net present value of the cash flows

and sales of financial assets both on recognition and derecognition.

under the new contractual terms and conditions varies by at least
10% from the discounted net present value of the residual cash
flows of the original debt instrument.

Group Financial Statements

a) Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

176

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

b) Classification of financial assets and liabilities and their

issuer, the Commerzbank Group recognises the liability arising

measurement

from a financial guarantee at inception. Initial measurement is at

The Commerzbank Group classifies its financial assets and finan-

fair value at the time of recognition. In general terms, the fair

cial liabilities in accordance with the applicable IAS 39 categories:

value of a financial guarantee contract at inception is zero because
for fair market contracts the value of the premium agreed normally

Financial assets

corresponds to the value of the guarantee obligation (known as the

•
•
•
•

Loans and Receivables

“net method”). Subsequent measurement is at the higher of amor-

Available for Sale

tised cost or the provision that is required to be recognised if

Fair Value Option

payment of the guarantee becomes probable.

Held for Trading
e) Embedded derivatives

Financial liabilities

Embedded derivatives are derivatives that are integrated into pri-

• Amortised Cost
• Fair Value Option
• Held for Trading

mary financial instruments. These include, for example, reverse
convertible bonds (bonds that may be repaid in the form of equities) or bonds with index-linked interest payments. Under certain
conditions, the embedded derivative must be shown separately

c) Net gains or losses

from the host contract as a stand-alone derivative.

Net gains or losses include fair value measurements recognised in

Such a separation must be made if the following three conditions

profit or loss, currency translation effects, impairments, impair-

are met:

ment reversals, gains realised on disposal, subsequent recoveries

• the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded deriva-

on written-down financial instruments and changes recognised in

tive are not closely related to those of the host contract,

the revaluation reserve classified in the respective IAS 39 catego-

• a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded

ries. The components are detailed in the condensed statement of

derivative would meet the definition of a derivative under

comprehensive income and in the notes on net interest income,
loan loss provisions, other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement gain or loss, gain or loss from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit and loss and other net
gain or loss from financial instruments.

IAS 39

• the hybrid (combined) contract is not measured at fair value
through profit or loss.
In this case, the embedded derivative to be separated is
regarded as part of the held-for-trading category and is recognised

Group Financial Statements

at fair value. Changes on remeasurement are recognised in the
d) Financial guarantees

gain or loss from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair

A financial guarantee is a contract that requires the issuer to make

value through profit and loss. The host contract is accounted for

specified payments that reimburse the holder for a loss they incur

and measured applying the rules of the category to which the

because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in

financial instrument is assigned.

accordance with the original or modified terms of a debt instru-

If the above three conditions are not cumulatively met, the

ment. This may include, for example, bank guarantees (see

embedded derivative is not shown separately and the hybrid

Note 56). If Commerzbank is the guarantee holder, the financial

financial instrument or structured product is measured as a whole

guarantee is not recorded in the accounts and is only recognised

in accordance with the general provisions of the category to which

when determining an impairment of a guaranteed asset. As the

the financial instrument is assigned.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

177

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost and
loan loss provisions
(24) Financial assets – Loans and Receivables
Non-derivative financial instruments with fixed or determinable

reserve net of deferred taxes existing at this point remains in the

payments that are not quoted in an active market are assigned to

other reserves within equity and is amortised over the remaining

this category. This holds true regardless of whether they were

term of the reclassified securities.

originated by the Bank or acquired in the secondary market. An

Impairments on securities are recognised in the same way as

active market exists if quoted prices are readily and regularly

for lending business (see Note 25). The impairments for these

available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing

financial instruments are recognised in other realised profit or loss

service or regulatory agency and those prices represent actual and

and net remeasurement gain or loss and directly reduce the corre-

regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis.

sponding item in the balance sheet. If the indicators for impair-

Measurement of these assets is at amortised cost. If there is

ment of given securities cease to apply or no longer suggest an

impairment, this is recognised in profit or loss when determining

impairment, the impairment of the securities in question is

the amortised cost. Premiums and discounts are recognised in net

reversed through profit or loss, but to no more than the level of

interest income over the life of the asset.

amortised cost. Similarly, an improved risk environment can lead

In the case of securities reclassified in the financial assets –
loans and receivables category, the fair value at the date of reclas-

to the reversal of an impairment that was previously recognised at
the portfolio level.

řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

241,708

246,880

– 2.1

906

297

.

Banks

29,502

41,300

– 28.6

Corporate clients

90,468

94,457

– 4.2

Privat customers

93,476

82,636

13.1

Other financial corporations

10,389

10,205

1.8

General governments

Loans and advances
Central banks

16,967

17,984

– 5.7

Debt securities

24,004

29,698

– 19.2

Banks

2,256

4,543

– 50.3

Corporate clients

3,799

3,133

21.2

Other financial corporations

3,834

4,954

– 22.6

General governments

14,115

17,068

– 17.3

265,712

276,578

– 3.9

Total

For securities reclassified from the “financial assets – available for

In addition to the release of portfolio valuation allowances of

sale” category to the “financial assets – loans and receivables”

ř–1m (previous year: ř–25m), a net ř0.4bn in interest income was

category in the financial years 2008 and 2009, the revaluation

recognised in the income statement for the reclassified securities

reserve after deferred taxes was ř–0.3bn as at 31 December 2017

in the current financial year (previous year: ř0.5bn).

(previous year: ř–0.4bn). This negative balance will be dissolved

As at 31 December 2017 the carrying amount of the reclassi-

over the remaining lifetime of the reclassified securities. Without

fied securities was ř21.6bn (previous year: ř28.0bn), fair value

these reclassifications, the revaluation reserve for the portfolio

was ř19.8bn (previous year: ř25.3bn) and the cumulative portfolio

after deferred taxes would have been ř–1.5bn as at 31 December

valuation allowances were ř14m (previous year: ř15m). The secu-

2017 (previous year: ř–2.2bn); the change on the previous year is

rities had effective interest rates of between 0 % and 11.8% and

therefore ř0.7bn (previous year: ř0.1bn).

are expected to generate a cash inflow of ř25.9bn (previous year:
ř31.1bn).

Group Financial Statements

sification is taken as the new carrying amount. The revaluation

178

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

(25) Provisions for on- and off-balance-sheet loan losses
We make provision for the particular risks of on- and off-balance

In ship financing, a distinction must be made between claims in

sheet lending in the form of specific loan loss provisions (SLLPs),

default that can be restructured (“going concern” approach) and

portfolio loan loss provisions (PLLPs) and general loan loss provi-

those which must be liquidated (“gone concern” approach). In the

sions (GLLPs).

case of the former, expected cash flows are determined primarily

When determining provisioning levels, the fundamental criteria

based on the Bank’s estimates of future charter rates, whereas in

include whether the claims are in default or not and whether the

cases requiring liquidation, the primary cash flows taken into

claims are significant (over ř5m) or insignificant (up to ř5m). All

account are the proceeds resulting from the sale of the ship fur-

claims which are in default under the Basel 3 regulations are iden-

nished as collateral.

tified as in default or non-performing. The following events can be

The shipping markets are traditionally very volatile. This volatil-

indicative of a customer default:

ity is driven, for example, by exogenous factors, such as the gen-

• Imminent insolvency (over 90 days past due).
• The Bank is assisting in the financial rescue/restructuring

eral trend in the global economy and strong price fluctuations for

measures of the customer with or without restructuring contri-

orders and scrapping. The Bank’s forecasts for charter rates are

butions.

therefore subject to estimation uncertainty. For example, a

• The Bank has demanded immediate repayment of its claims.
• The customer is in insolvency proceedings.

commodities, as well as by endogenous factors, such as new

decrease in the forecasts for charter rates by up to 20% in the
ship indices used internally would have led to an incremental need
for provisions in 2017 for an amount in the low triple-digit millions.

For significant claims which are in default we recognise specific

Group Financial Statements

loan loss provisions in accordance with uniform standards across

A portfolio loan loss provision (PLLP) is recognised for insignificant defaulted claims using internal parameters.

the Group. The net present value of the expected future cash flows

We deduct the total loan loss provision, insofar as it relates to

is used to calculate both specific valuation allowances as well as

on-balance-sheet claims, directly from the respective asset items.

specific loan loss provisions. In addition to the payments still

However, the provision for losses in off-balance-sheet business

expected from the borrower, the cash flows include the expected

(e.g. contingent liabilities and irrevocable lending commitments) is

proceeds from realising collateral and other recoverable cash

shown under provisions for lending business.

flows. The loan loss provision or valuation allowance is therefore

Uncollectible portions of claims are likewise written down

equal to the difference between the carrying value of the loan and

against previously recognised loan loss provisions. Amounts

the net present value of all the expected cash flows. The increase

recovered on claims written off are recognised in the income

in the net present value over time using the original effective

statement under loan loss provisions.

interest rate (unwinding) is recognised as interest income. If the

We have calculated portfolio valuation allowances (GLLP) for

reason for the impairment ceases to apply, it is reversed through

loan losses which have already occurred but are not yet known.

profit or loss.

The breakdown of loan loss provisions was as follows:

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

řm

Further Information

As at
1.1.2017

Additions

Utilisation

Reversals

3,729

1,151

1,145

740

53

78

3,125

59

1

2

18

–

11

50

Loans and advances corporate
customers

3,037

889

874

561

–0

– 122

2,368

Loans and advances private
customers

497

231

224

119

11

180

577

Loans and advances financial
services companies

132

30

44

40

42

9

129

Loans and advances general
governance

3

0

1

1

–

1

1

Loan loss provisions for onbalance-sheet loan losses
Loans and advances banks

Loan loss provisions for offbalance-sheet loan losses
Total

179

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Change in
Exchange rate
As at
the group of
changes/ 31.12.2017
consolidated Reclassification/
companies
Unwinding

205

80

0

75

–

2

211

3,934

1,231

1,145

816

53

80

3,337

With direct write-downs, write-ups and recoveries on written-

(previous year: ř900m) of which ř382m (previous year: ř618m) is

down claims taken into account, the allocations and reversals rec-

attributable to ship financing.

ognised in profit or loss resulted in loan loss provisions of ř781m
Valuation allowances for
portfolio risks

Valuation allowances
total

řm

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

As at 1.1.

3,185

3,282

544

664

3,729

3,946

– 5.5

Allocations

1,137

1,578

14

26

1,151

1,604

– 28.3

Disposals

Change
in %

1,745

1,709

140

140

1,885

1,848

2.0

of which utilised

1,145

1,149

–

–

1,145

1,149

– 0.3

of which reversals

600

560

140

140

740

700

5.8

Changes in the group of
consolidated companies

43

–

10

0

53

0

.

Exchange rate changes/
reclassifications/ unwinding
As at 31.12.

52

33

26

–7

78

27

.

2,672

3,185

454

544

3,125

3,729

– 16.2

Provisions for
specific risks
řm

Provisions for
portfolio risks

Provisions for
lending business

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

Change
in %

As at 1.1.

76

110

129

136

205

246

– 16.6

Allocations

75

34

5

15

80

49

63.3

Disposals

41

70

34

21

75

90

– 16.5

of which utilisation

0

0

–

–

0

0

7.0

of which reversals

41

70

34

21

75

90

– 16.5

Changes in the group of
consolidated companies

–

0

–

0

–

0

.

2

2

–1

–1

1

1

61.0

112

76

99

129

211

205

2.7

Exchange rate changes/
reclassifications/ unwinding
As at 31.12.

Group Financial Statements

Valuation allowances for
specific risks

180

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

An enhanced estimation method for the probability of default was

The loan loss provisions for default risks by customer group were

used for the first time in the fourth quarter of 2017. This adjust-

as follows as at 31 December 2017:

ment resulted in a GLLP reversal amounting to ř74m.
řm

2017

Customers and banks in
Germany

Loan losses 1

Net allocation
to valuation
allowances and
provisions in
lending
business2

Specific
valuation
allowances and
provisions for
lending
business

Loan losses1

Net allocation
to valuation
allowances and
provisions in
lending
business2

1,253

1,055

319

1,508

759

615

Banks

0

–

–

–

–

–0

996

834

235

1,334

623

580

Manufacturing

331

162

72

395

150

91

Construction

41

35

– 23

67

17

6

Trading

132

165

34

218

79

32

Services and others

Corporate clients

492

472

152

654

378

451

Private customers

228

209

56

160

132

37

Other financial
corporations

29

13

28

14

4

–1

General government

0

–

0

0

–

0

Customers and banks
outside Germany

1,530

682

253

1,752

629

367

Banks

8

4

–8

18

5

–8

1,165

550

197

1,352

456

308

Manufacturing

344

189

20

508

52

9

Construction

129

13

27

138

23

13

Trading

120

30

40

94

21

32

Services and others

Corporate clients

572

318

110

612

361

254

Private customers

264

81

77

269

50

65

Other financial
corporations

94

46

– 13

111

118

2

General government
Total
1
2

2016

Specific
valuation
allowances and
provisions for
lending
business

0

1

0

1

–0

–

2,783

1,737

572

3,261

1,389

982

Direct write-downs, utilised valuation allowances and utilised loan loss provisions.
Allocations less reversals.

Group Financial Statements

(26) Financial liabilities – Amortised Cost
All financial liabilities that are not classified as held for trading and

deposits and bonds and notes issued. Measurement of these assets

to which the fair value option was not applied are allocated to

is at amortised cost. Premiums and discounts are recognised in

“Financial liabilities – amortised cost”. This category includes

net interest income over the life of the asset.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

řm

Further Information

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

297,890

298,051

– 0.1

Central banks

4,427

3,811

16.2

Banks

44,468

52,300

– 15.0
3.1

Deposits

Corporate clients

86,297

83,672

Privat customers

114,087

105,815

7.8

Other financial corporations

33,056

39,028

– 15.3

General governments

15,555

13,426

15.9

43,369

45,747

– 5.2
– 20.4

Debt securities issued
Money market instruments

4,428

5,566

Covered bonds

17,237

17,060

1.0

Other debt securities issued

21,704

23,121

– 6.1

341,260

343,798

– 0.7

Total

181

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Financial assets – Available for Sale

This category comprises all non-derivative financial assets not

initial recognition that would lead to a reduction in the cash flow

assigned to one of the other categories or designated for the cate-

arising from them. An impairment exists when the net present

gory “Financial assets – available for sale”. This includes interest-

value of the expected cash flows is lower than the carrying value

bearing securities, equities, profit-sharing certificates and units in

of the financial instrument concerned. In the event of an impair-

investment funds. Available-for-sale assets primarily comprise

ment, the net remeasurement gain or loss is no longer recognised

fixed-income securities that are traded on an active market but

in the revaluation reserve in equity, and instead must be recog-

which the Bank does not intend to sell in the short term. They are

nised as an impairment charge in the income statement under

measured at fair value. If the fair value cannot be established on

other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement gain or loss.

an active market, items are measured by means of comparable

In the Commerzbank Group, equity instruments in the availa-

prices, indicative prices of pricing service providers or other banks

ble-for-sale portfolio are written down if their fair value is either

(lead managers), or internal valuation models (net present value or

VLJQLILFDQWO\ ORZHU WKDQ WKHLU KLVWRULF FRVW Ű   RU KDV EHHQ

option pricing models).

below the historic cost for a considerable period (at least nine

If the fair value of unlisted equity instruments cannot be relia-

months). Besides these quantitative trigger events, qualitative evi-

bly determined, measurement is at cost less any impairments

dence is also taken into account. Impairment reversals for equity

required.

instruments in the available for sale category may not be recog-

Gains and losses on remeasurement are shown net of deferred

nised in the income statement; instead, they are recognised directly

taxes in equity in a separate item within other reserves (revalua-

in the revaluation reserve in equity. Impairment reversals are not

tion reserve). Premiums and discounts on debt instruments are

permitted on unlisted equity instruments for which it is not possi-

recognised in profit or loss under net interest income over the life

ble to determine a reliable fair value and that are therefore carried

of the instrument. Interest income from these financial instru-

at historic cost less any necessary impairment.

ments is recognised in net interest income. Dividends and current

Debt instruments are reviewed individually for impairment if

profits and losses from equity holdings classified in this category

any qualitative trigger events have occurred. To operationalise

are reported under dividend income. If the financial assets are sold,

qualitative trigger events, additional indicators for an impairment

the cumulative remeasurement gain or loss previously recognised

have been developed in the Commerzbank Group. For example, an

in the revaluation reserve (OCI) is reclassified in the income

impairment charge for debt instruments in this category must

statement (recycling).

generally be recognised if the debtor’s rating is CCC or lower (see

In accordance with IAS 39.59 financial instruments in this cate-

the Commerzbank master scale in the Group Management Report)

gory must be monitored for any objective indications of a loss

and the fair value is lower than amortised cost. If the reasons for

(such as breach of contract, loss event, increased likelihood of

an impairment of debt instruments cease to apply, the impairment

bankruptcy proceedings or insolvency) incurred after the date of

Group Financial Statements

(27) Financial assets – Available for Sale

182

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

is reversed through profit or loss, but to no more than the level of
amortised cost. Any amount exceeding cost is recognised in the
revaluation reserve.
řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

Debt securities

30,661

38,994

– 21.4

Banks

8,373

10,284

– 18.6

Corporate clients

1,894

643

.

Other financial corporations

3,585

3,920

– 8.5

General governments

16,809

24,147

– 30.4

493

641

– 23.0

Banks

11

12

– 2.9

Corporate clients

269

379

– 28.9

Equity instruments

Other financial corporations

213

250

– 15.0

31,155

39,634

– 21.4

of which interests in non-consolidated subsidiaries

134

152

– 12.2

of which interests in companies accounted for using the equity
method

167

222

– 24.6

Total

As at 31 December 2017, equity instruments contained financial

were not available. We plan to continue to hold these financial

instruments totalling ř131m (previous year: ř188m) that were

instruments.

predominantly unlisted (e.g. shareholdings in limited companies)

Financial instruments valued at historic cost, with a carrying

and were measured at cost, as reliable fair values for these assets

amount of ř34m (previous year: ř6m), were derecognised in 2017.
This resulted in net income of ř5m (previous year: ř7m).

Financial assets and liabilities – Fair Value Option
Under the fair value option, it is permissible to voluntarily measure

bilities measured at fair value through profit and loss, while inter-

any financial instrument at fair value and to recognise the net

est income and expenses are reported in net interest income.

result of this valuation in the income statement. The decision

In the Commerzbank Group, the fair value option is primarily

whether to use the fair value option must be made upon acquisi-

used to avoid or significantly reduce accounting mismatches aris-

tion of the financial instrument and is irrevocable. The fair value

ing from securities and loans hedged with interest or credit deriva-

option may be applied to a financial instrument provided that

tives. This also applies to structured debt instruments we have

• an accounting mismatch will be prevented or significantly

issued which have been hedged with interest rate or foreign

reduced; or

• a portfolio of financial instruments is managed, and its performance measured, on a fair value basis; or

Group Financial Statements

• the financial instrument has one or more embedded derivatives
that must be separated.

currency derivatives.
The fair value option is also used for transactions which are
managed in accordance with the documented risk management
strategy on a fair value basis and whose performance is measured
on this basis, for example repurchase agreements, money market
transactions and cash collaterals paid and received.

Net remeasurement gains or losses are recognised in the
income statement under gain or loss from financial assets and lia-

All in all, the results of applying the fair value option amounted
to ř46m (previous year: ř7m), see Note 13.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

183

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

(28) Financial assets – Fair Value Option
řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

Loans and advances

23,000

23,950

– 4.0

Central banks

4,113

2,746

49.8

Banks

9,181

12,781

– 28.2

Corporate clients

574

749

– 23.3

Privat customers

3

2

37.3

Other financial corporations

7,121

4,166

70.9

General governments

2,009

3,506

– 42.7

Debt securities

393

401

– 2.0

Banks

91

91

– 0.4

Corporate clients

151

151

– 0.1

Other financial corporations

114

117

– 2.7

General governments

38

43

– 10.0

352

446

– 20.9

352

446

– 20.9

23,745

24,797

– 4.2

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

14,279

17,071

– 16.4

Central banks

2,445

3,018

– 19.0

Banks

5,020

7,774

– 35.4

Corporate clients

1,027

1,420

– 27.7
– 12.8

Equity instruments
Other financial corporations
Total

(29) Financial liabilities – Fair Value Option
řm
Deposits

Privat customers
Other financial corporations
General governments
Debt securities issued
Total

153

176

5,517

4,541

21.5

116

141

– 17.6

661

1,013

– 34.8

14,940

18,084

– 17.4

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

153

168

– 8.9

Applying the fair value option in order to avoid accounting mismatches and for financial instruments with embedded derivatives
produced the following values in the “financial assets and liabili-

řm
Loans and advances
Debt securities

50

43

18.2

Equity instruments

352

446

– 20.9

Total assets
Deposits
Debt securities issued
Total liabilities

556

657

– 15.3

1,144

1,355

– 15.6

661

1,013

– 34.8

1,805

2,368

– 23.8

Of the total loans and receivables of ř153m measured at fair value,

year: ř95m) and amounted cumulatively to ř3m (previous year:

ř108m (previous year: ř113m) were hedged with credit deriva-

ř3m).

tives. In the year under review, the change in the fair value of
claims attributable to changes in default risk was ř1m (previous

Group Financial Statements

ties – fair value option” category:

184

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The change in the fair values of the related risk-limiting credit

The credit risk-specific changes in the fair value of claims and

derivatives amounted to ř0m in the financial year (previous year:

liabilities were primarily calculated as changes in fair values less

ř–4m) and amounted cumulatively to ř–3m (previous year: ř–3m).

value changes resulting from market conditions.

For liabilities to which the fair value option was applied, the

The fair value option was also used for financial instruments if

change in fair value in 2017 for credit risk reasons ř122m (previ-

they are managed in line with our risk and liquidity management

ous year: ř–47m). The cumulative change was ř30m (previous

and their performance is measured on a fair value basis. This

year: ř–92m). The repayment amount of financial liabilities meas-

applied chiefly to repurchase agreements, money market transac-

ured at fair value was ř1,702m (previous year: ř2,426m).

tions and cash collaterals paid and received. The following balance
sheet items were affected:

řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

22,846

23,809

– 4.0

343

359

– 4.4

Total assets

23,189

24,168

– 4.0

Deposits

13,135

15,716

– 16.4

Total liabilities

13,135

15,716

– 16.4

Loans and advances
Debt securities

There were no significant changes in the fair values of assets and

we received securities in the amount of ř48,899m (previous year:

liabilities arising from default risk, since these consisted of short-

ř48.503m) as collateral to reduce the counterparty risk.

term money market transactions and collaterals in securities lending business. Furthermore, for ř18,480m of loans and receivables

The repayment amount of financial liabilities measured at fair
value was ř13,136m (previous year: ř15,725m).

at fair value (reverse repos after netting; previous year: ř20,861m),
Financial assets and liabilities – Held for Trading
This category comprises financial assets and liabilities contained

market, items are measured by means of comparable prices,

in the trading portfolio, including the positive and negative fair

indicative prices of pricing service providers or other banks (lead

values of derivative financial instruments. If these are designated

managers), or internal valuation models (net present value or

as a hedging instrument for hedge accounting purposes, they are

option pricing models).

reported under the items positive or negative fair values of deriva-

Interest income and expense and gains or losses on measure-

tive hedging instruments. Financial assets and liabilities in the

ment and disposal from these financial instruments are recorded

held-for-trading category are recognised at fair value as at every

in the income statement under gain or loss from financial assets

reporting date. If the fair value cannot be established on an active

and liabilities measured at fair value through profit and loss.

Group Financial Statements

(30) Financial assets – Held for Trading
This category includes interest- and equity-related securities,

Irrespective of the type of product, these financial assets are

promissory note loans and other claims, derivative financial

measured at fair value through profit or loss. The fair value changes

instruments and other trading portfolios held for trading. These

of the respective transactions are therefore reported through profit

financial instruments are used to realise profits from short-term

and loss in the income statement.

fluctuations in prices or traders’ margins.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

řm

Further Information

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

1,080

1,044

3.4

Banks

702

611

14.8

Corporate clients

310

429

– 27.8

Other financial corporations

13

3

.

General governments

55

2

.

Debt securities

2,955

4,361

– 32.2

Banks

596

703

– 15.2

Corporate clients

287

1,095

– 73.8

Loans and advances

Other financial corporations

Change in %

1,106

678

63.1

966

1,885

– 48.7

11,302

20,642

– 45.2

646

1,594

– 59.5

Corporate clients

7,770

14,634

– 46.9

Other financial corporations

2,887

4,414

– 34.6

47,783

62,205

– 23.2

Interest-rate-related derivative transactions

33,467

42,551

– 21.3

Currency-related derivative transactions

9,992

15,049

– 33.6

Equity derivatives

3,145

2,328

35.1

Credit derivatives

720

1,489

– 51.7

Other derivative transactions

459

788

– 41.8

546

610

– 10.6

63,666

88,862

– 28.4

31.12.2017

31.12.20161

Change in %

Certificates and other issued bonds

5,565

4,827

15.3

Delivery commitments arising from short sales of securities

2,467

6,992

– 64.7

Negative fair values of derivative financial instruments

General governments
Equity instruments
Banks

Positive fair values of derivative financial instruments

Other trading positions
Total

185

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

(31) Financial liabilities – Held for Trading
This item comprises derivative financial instruments, own issues
in the trading book and delivery commitments arising from short

řm

48,452

65,953

– 26.5

Interest-rate-related derivative transactions

33,279

42,117

– 21.0

Currency-related derivative transactions

9,514

18,561

– 48.7

Equity derivatives

3,927

2,437

61.1

Credit derivatives

1,102

2,225

– 50.5

Other derivative transactions
Total
1

Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see page 152 ff.).

629

612

2.7

56,484

77,772

– 27.4

Group Financial Statements

sales of securities.

186

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Other notes to financial instruments
(32) IFRS 13 fair value hierarchies and disclosure requirements
Fair value hierarchy

Disclosure obligations

Under IFRS 13, financial instruments are assigned to the three

In the following, a distinction is made between:

levels of the fair value hierarchy as follows:

a) financial instruments measured at fair value (fair value option,

• Level 1: Financial instruments where the fair value is based on
quoted prices for identical financial instruments in an active
market.

available for sale and held for trading)
b) financial instruments measured at cost (loans and receivables,
amortised cost)

• Level 2: Financial instruments where no quoted prices are

The respective disclosure requirements regarding these financial

available for identical instruments in an active market and the

instruments are set out in IFRS 7 and IFRS 13. For example, they

fair value is established using valuation techniques which rely

require explanatory statements on the valuation techniques

on observable market parameters.

applied and the inputs used for levels 2 and 3, as well as quantita-

• Level 3: Financial instruments where valuation techniques are

tive disclosures on unobservable inputs (level 3). The reporting

used that incorporate at least one material input for which

entity must also provide information about and reasons for reclas-

there is insufficient observable market data and where at least

sifications between fair value hierarchy levels, reconciliations

this input has a more than insignificant impact on the fair value.

between the opening and closing balances for level 3 portfolios as
at the respective reporting dates, and unrealised gains and losses.

With respect to the methods of model-based measurements

In addition, sensitivities for the unobservable inputs (level 3) are to

(level 2 and level 3) relevant for banks, IFRS 13 recognises the

be presented, and information on the day one profit or loss is to be

market approach and the income approach. The market approach

provided.

relies on measurement methods that draw on information about
identical or comparable assets and liabilities.

Under IFRS 13, the fair value of an asset is the amount for which it

cash flows, expenses and income. The income approach may also

could be sold between knowledgeable, willing, independent par-

include option price models. These valuations include a greater

ties in an arm’s length transaction. The fair value therefore repre-

level of management judgement. Market data or third-party inputs

sents a realisable price. The fair value of a liability is defined as

are relied on to the greatest possible extent, and company-specific

the price at which the debt could be transferred to a third party as

inputs to a limited degree.

part of an orderly transaction.

Valuation models must be consistent with accepted economic

The measurement of liabilities must also take account of the

methodologies for pricing financial instruments and must incorpo-

Bank’s own credit risk. If third parties provide security for our lia-

rate all factors that market participants would consider appropriate

bilities (e.g. guarantees), this security is not taken into account in

in setting a price.

the valuation of the liability, as the Bank’s repayment obligation

The fair values that can be realised at a later date may, in principle, deviate from the estimated fair values.
All fair values are subject to the Commerzbank Group’s internal

Group Financial Statements

a) Financial instruments measured at fair value

The income approach reflects current expectations about future

remains the same. The fair value of a liability is defined as the
price at which the debt could be transferred to a third party as part
of an orderly transaction.

controls and procedures, which set out the standards for inde-

The measurement of derivative transactions takes into account

pendently verifying or validating fair values. These controls and

not only counterparty credit risk but also the Bank’s own default

procedures are carried out and coordinated by the Independent

risk. The Group determines credit valuation adjustments (CVAs)

Price Verification (IPV) Group within the finance function. The

and debit valuation adjustments (DVAs) by simulating the future

models, inputs and resulting fair values are reviewed regularly by
senior management and the risk function.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

187

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

fair values of its portfolios of derivatives with the respective coun-

curve used to calculate the FVA is approximated by the Commerz-

terparty based on observable market data (e.g. CDS spreads). In

bank funding curve.

the case of funding valuation adjustments (FVA), the funding costs

IAS 39 requires that on initial recognition all financial instru-

or benefits of uncollateralised derivatives, as well as collateralised

ments are measured at fair value. This is usually the transaction

derivatives where there is only partial collateral or the collateral

price. If a portion relates to something other than the financial

cannot be used for funding purposes, are recognised at fair value.

instrument being measured, fair value is estimated using a valua-

Like CVAs and DVAs, FVAs are also determined from the expected

tion method.

value of the future positive or negative portfolio market values

The following tables show the financial instruments reported

using observable market data (e.g. CDS spreads). The funding

in the balance sheet at fair value by IAS 39 fair value category
and by class.

Financial assets | řbn
Financial assets of the Fair
Value Option

Financial assets – Held for
Trading

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Debt instruments

0.0

0.4

0.0

0.4

0.0

0.4

0.1

0.4

Equity instruments

0.4

–

–

0.4

0.4

–

–

0.4

Loans and advances

–

22.5

0.5

23.0

–

23.1

0.9

24.0
62.2

–

43.5

4.3

47.8

–

56.9

5.3

Debt instruments

1.3

0.7

0.9

3.0

1.6

1.8

0.9

4.4

Equity instruments

11.3

–

0.0

11.3

20.6

–

–

20.6

Loans and advances

–

1.1

–

1.1

0.6

0.4

–

1.0

Other trading assets

0.5

–

–

0.5

0.6

–

–

0.6

Debt instruments

24.1

6.5

0.1

30.7

30.5

8.3

0.1

39.0

Equity instruments

0.4

–

0.0

0.4

0.4

–

0.0

0.4

Positive fair values of derivative
hedging instruments

Hedge accounting

–

1.5

–

1.5

–

2.1

–

2.1

Non-current assets held for sale
and disposal groups

Debt instruments

0.0

–

–

0.0

–

–

–

–

Equity instruments

0.1

–

–

0.1

0.0

–

0.1

0.1

Financial assets – Available for
Sale

Derivatives

Loans and advances
Total

0.0

–

–

0.0

–

–

–

–

38.1

76.1

5.9

120.1

54.8

93.1

7.3

155.2

Prior-year figures restated due to a correction in level 3 positive market values of derivatives. A retrospective reclassification of ř1.2bn
was made from level 2 to level 3. In addition, a reclassification of ř0.1bn in securities held for trading was made from level 3 to level 2.
The correction pertains only to this note; it had no impact on the balance sheet, the statement of comprehensive income or the earnings per share.

Group Financial Statements

1

31.12.20161

31.12.2017

188

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Financial liabilities | řbn
Financial liabilities of the Fair
Value Option
Financial liabilities – Held for
Trading

Negative fair values of
derivative hedging instruments

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Deposits

–

14.2

0.1

14.3

–

17.1

–

17.1

0.7

–

–

0.7

1.0

–

–

1.0

Derivatives

–

44.5

3.9

48.5

–

61.8

4.2

66.0

Certificates and other
notes issued

5.6

–

–

5.6

4.8

–

–

4.8

Delivery commitments
arising from short sales
of securities

2.2

0.3

–

2.5

6.9

0.1

–

7.0

Hedge accounting

–

2.3

–

2.3

–

3.1

–

3.1

8.4

61.2

4.0

73.7

12.7

82.0

4.2

98.9

Prior-year figures restated due to a correction in level 3 negative fair values from derivatives.
A retrospective reclassification of ř0.2bn was made from level 2 to level 3. The correction pertains only to this note;
it had no impact on the balance sheet, the statement of comprehensive income or the earnings per share.
In addition, ř6.1bn in delivery commitments arising from short sales of securities in the level 2 category were
restated to correct an error (see page 152 ff.).

A reclassification to a different level occurs where a financial

instruments in the IAS 39 AfS category and ř0.5bn in claims in the

instrument is reclassified from one level of the 3-level valuation

IAS 39 HfT category. At the same time, ř3.2bn of securitised debt

hierarchy to another. This may be caused, for example, by market

instruments in the IAS 39 AfS category were reclassified from level

changes which impact on the input factors used to value the finan-

2 to level 1, as quoted market prices were again available. No fi-

cial instrument.

nancial liabilities were reclassified between level 1 and level 2 dur-

A number of reclassifications from level 1 to level 2 were carried out in financial year 2017, as there were no listed market
prices available. These related to ř1.6bn in securitised debt

Group Financial Statements

Level 1

Bonds and notes issued

Total
1

31.12.20161

31.12.2017

ing the financial year. The changes in financial instruments in the
level 3 category were as follows:

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Financial assets
řm

Financial
assets
– Available
for Sale

Fair Value as at 1.1.2016

Financial
assets
– Fair Value
Option

Financial
assets
– Held for
Trading1

Non-current
assets held
for sale and
disposal
groups

Total

131

478

5,373

97

6,079

Changes in the group of consolidated companies

–

– 148

–

–

– 148

Gains or losses recognised in income statement during
the period

0

– 29

2

–8

– 34
31

of which unrealised gains or losses

0

1

29

–

Gains or losses recognised in revaluation reserve

–

–

–

–

–

Purchases

2

–

237

–

239

Sales

–

–

– 62

– 192

– 254

Issues

–

–

–

–

–

Redemptions

–

–2

– 174

–

– 176

Reclassifications to level 3

12

750

1,406

68

2,236

Reclassifications from level 3

–5

–2

– 604

–

– 611

Reclassifications from/to non-current assets held for sale
and assets of disposal groups

–

– 103

–

103

–

140

944

6,179

68

7,332

–

–

–

–

–

– 14

– 31

– 338

–2

– 385

– 14

– 31

– 348

–2

– 395

Gains or losses recognised in revaluation reserve

–

–

–

–

–

Purchases

4

413

164

–

581

Sales

–

– 158

– 751

– 66

– 975

Issues

–

–

–

–

–

Redemptions

–

–

– 16

–

– 16

Fair Value as at 31.12.2016
Changes in the group of consolidated companies
Gains or losses recognised in income statement during
the period
of which unrealised gains or losses

Reclassifications to level 3

12

7

85

–

105

Reclassifications from level 3

–7

– 661

– 78

–

– 747

Reclassifications from/to non-current assets held for sale
and assets of disposal groups
Fair Value as at 31.12.2017

189

–

–

–

–

–

135

514

5,245

–

5,894

Prior-year figures restated due to a correction in level 3 positive market values of derivatives. A retrospective reclassification of
ř1.2bn was made from level 2 to level 3. In addition, a reclassification of ř0.1bn in securities held for trading was made from
level 3 to level 2. The correction pertains only to this note; it had no impact on the balance sheet, the statement of comprehensive
income or the earnings per share.

Unrealised gains or losses on financial instruments held for trad-

market parameters were not observable. ř0.6bn of reverse repos

ing (securities and derivatives) are a component of the gain or loss

in the IAS 39 FVO category were also reclassified from level 3

from financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through

back to level 2 because market parameters were again observable.

profit and loss. Likewise, unrealised gains or losses on claims and

In addition, reclassifications were made from level 3 to level 2

securities measured at fair value through profit or loss are recog-

totalling ř0.1bn for securitised debt instruments in the IAS 39

nised in the gain or loss from financial assets and liabilities meas-

FVO category because here, too, market parameters were again

ured at fair value through profit and loss.

observable.

In the 2017 financial year, ř0.1bn of derivatives in the IAS 39
HfT category were reclassified from level 2 to level 3 because

The changes in financial liabilities in the level 3 category in the
year under review were as follows:

Group Financial Statements

1

Further Information

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

190

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Financial liabilities
– Fair Value Option

Financial liabilities
– Held for Trading1

Total

Fair Value as at 1.1.2016

–

2,950

2,950

Changes in the group of consolidated companies

–

–

–

Gains or losses recognised in income statement during the period

–

288

288

Financial liabilities
řm

–

291

291

Purchases

of which unrealised gains or losses

–

416

416

Sales

–

–2

–2

Issues

–

–

–

Redemptions

–

– 36

– 36

Reclassifications to level 3

–

845

845

Reclassifications from level 3

–

– 290

– 290

Reclassifications from/to non-current assets held for sale and assets of
disposal groups

–

–

–

Fair Value as at 31.12.2016

–

4,171

4,171

Changes in the group of consolidated companies

–

–

–

Gains or losses recognised in income statement during the period

–

– 97

– 97
– 76

of which unrealised gains or losses

–

– 76

100

154

255

Sales

–

– 65

– 65

Issues

–

–

–

Redemptions

–

– 33

– 33

Reclassifications to level 3

–

63

63

Reclassifications from level 3

–

– 263

– 263

Reclassifications from/to non-current assets held for sale and assets of
disposal groups

–

–

–

100

3,930

4,030

Purchases

Fair Value as at 31.12.2017

Group Financial Statements

1

Prior-year figures restated due to a correction in level 3 negative fair values from derivatives. A retrospective reclassification
of ř0.2bn was made from level 2 to level 3. The correction pertains only to this note; it had no impact on the balance sheet,
the statement of comprehensive income or the earnings per share.

Unrealised gains or losses on financial liabilities held for trading

The purpose of this disclosure is to illustrate the potential

are a component of the gain or loss from financial assets and lia-

impact of the relative uncertainty in the fair values of financial

bilities measured at fair value through profit and loss.

instruments with valuations based on unobservable input parame-

In the 2017 financial year, ř0.2bn of derivatives with negative

ters (level 3). Interdependencies frequently exist between the

fair values were reclassified from Level 3 to Level 2, as market

parameters used to determine level 3 fair values. For example, an

parameters were again observable. There was an opposite reclas-

anticipated improvement in the overall economic situation may

sification of derivatives with negative fair values in the amount of

cause share prices to rise, while securities perceived as being lower

ř0.1bn from level 2 to level 3. There were no other significant

risk, such as German Government Bonds, may lose value. Such

reclassifications of financial liabilities into or out of level 3.

interdependencies are accounted for by means of correlation
parameters insofar as they have a significant effect on the fair

Sensitivity analysis

values in question. If a valuation model uses several parameters,

Where the value of financial instruments is based on unobservable

the choice of one parameter may restrict the range of possible

input parameters (level 3), the precise level of these parameters at

values the other parameters may take. So, by definition, this cate-

the balance sheet date may be derived from a range of reasonable

gory will contain more illiquid instruments, instruments with

possible alternatives at the discretion of management. In prepar-

longer-term maturities and instruments where sufficient inde-

ing the Group financial statements, appropriate levels for these

pendent observable market data is difficult to obtain. The purpose

unobservable input parameters are chosen which are consistent

of this information is to illustrate the main unobservable input

with existing market evidence and in line with the Group’s valua-

parameters for level 3 financial instruments and subsequently pre-

tion control approach.

sent various inputs on which the key input parameters were based.

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

The main unobservable input parameters for level 3 and the

Further Information

probability rates. For a given credit spread, a high recovery rate

key related factors may be summarised as follows:

assumption implies a higher probability of default (relative to a

• Internal rate of return (IRR):

low recovery rate assumption) and hence a lower survival

The IRR is defined as the discount rate that sets the net present

probability.

value of all future cash flows from an instrument equal to zero.

There is a relationship over time between default rates and

For bonds, for example, the IRR depends on the current bond

recovery rates of corporate bond issuers. The correlation

price, the nominal value and the duration.

between the two is an inverse one: an increase in the default

• Credit spread:
The credit spread is the yield spread (premium or discount)

rate (defined as the percentage of issuers defaulting) is generally associated with a decline in the average recovery rate.

between securities that are identical in all respects except for

In practice, market participants use market spreads to

their respective credit quality. The credit spread represents the

determine implied default probabilities. Estimates of default

excess yield above the benchmark reference instrument that

probabilities also depend on the joint loss distributions of the

compensates for the difference in creditworthiness between the

parties involved in a credit derivative transaction. The copula

instrument and the benchmark. Credit spreads are quoted in

function is used to measure the correlation structure between

terms of the number of basis points above (or below) the quoted

two or more variables. The copula function creates a joint dis-

benchmark. The wider (higher) the credit spread in relation to

tribution while keeping the characteristics of the two inde-

the benchmark, the lower the instrument’s creditworthiness,
and vice versa for narrower (lower) credit spreads.

• Interest rate-forex (IR-FX) correlation:

pendent marginal distributions.

• Repo curve:
The repo curve parameter is an input parameter that is relevant

The IR-FX correlation is relevant for the pricing of exotic inter-

for the pricing of repurchase agreements (repos). Generally,

est rate swaps involving the exchange of funding payments in

these are short-dated maturities ranging from O/N up to 12

one currency and an exotic structured leg that is usually based

months. Beyond 12-month maturities the repo curve parameter

on the development of two government bond yields in different

may become unobservable, particularly for emerging market

currencies. Consensus market data for longer durations are not

underlyings, due to the lack of available independent observa-

observable for certain exotic interest products. For example,

ble market data. In some cases, proxy repo curves may be used

CMT yields for US government bonds with a duration of more

to estimate the repo curve input parameter. Where this is

than ten years are not observable.

deemed insufficient, the input parameter will be classified as

• Recovery rates, survival and default probabilities:
Supply and demand as well as the arbitrage relationship with
asset swaps tend to be the dominant factors driving pricing of

unobservable. Furthermore, mutual-fund-related repos may
also contain unobservable repo curve exposures.

• Price:

credit default swaps. Models for pricing credit default swaps

Certain interest rate and loan instruments are accounted for on

tend to be used more for exotic structures and off-market

the basis of their price. It follows that the price itself is the

default swap valuation for which fixed interest payments above

unobservable parameter of which the sensitivity is estimated as

or below the market rate are agreed. These models calculate
the implied default probability of the reference asset as a

a deviation in the net present value of positions.

• Investment fund volatility:

means of discounting the cash flows expected in a credit

Fundamentally, the market for options on investment funds is

default swap.

less liquid than the market for stock options. As a result, the

The model inputs are credit spreads and recovery rates that are

volatility of the underlying investment funds is determined

used to interpolate (“bootstrap”) a time series of survival prob-

based on the composition of the fund products. There is an

abilities of the reference asset. A typical recovery rate assump-

indirect method of determining the corresponding volatility

tion in the default swap market for senior unsecured contracts

surfaces. This method is assigned to level 3 because the market

is 40%. Expectations regarding recovery rates are a factor that

data it uses are not liquid enough to be classified as level 2.

determines the shape of the survival probability curve. Different
recovery rate assumptions translate into different survival

191

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Group Financial Statements

To our Shareholders

192

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The following ranges for the material unobservable parameters
were used in the valuation of our level 3 financial instruments:
řm

2017

2017

Assets

Liabilities

4,303

3,930

Valuation Techniques
Derivatives
Equity-related
transactions

Discounted cash flow model

188

Credit derivatives

Discounted cash flow model

4,115

Interest-raterelated
transactions

Option pricing model

Securities
Interest-raterelated
transactions

Range

510

IRR (%), price (%),
Investmentfondsvolatility (%)

1%

9%

3,245

Credit spread (bps)

100

500

Recovery rate (%)

40 %

80 %

IR-FX correlation (%)

– 30 %

52 %

–

–

–

175

–

–

1,079

0

Other transactions

Significant unobservable
input parameters

spread based model

1,033

0

Credit spread (bps)

100

500

of which ABS

spread based model

–

–

Credit spread (bps)

100

500

Equity-related
transactions

Discounted cash flow model

Price (%)

90 %

110 %

46

0

511

100

Discounted cash flow model

373

100

Repo-curve (bps)

126

257

Price based

139

–

Price (%)

90 %

110 %

5,894

4,030

Loans
Repo-business
Other loans
Total

The table below shows the impact on the income statement of rea-

analysis for financial instruments in level 3 of the fair value hierar-

sonable parameter estimates on the edges of these ranges for

chy is broken down by type of financial instrument:

instruments in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The sensitivity
řm

2017

Derivatives

Negative effects on
income statement

Changed parameters

26

– 28

Equity-related transactions

12

– 12

IRR, price based, investment fund volatility

Credit derivatives

13

– 13

credit spread, recovery rate, price

Interest-rate-related transactions

1

–3

Price, IR-FX correlation

Other transactions

–

–

37

– 37

33

– 33

Price, repo curve

6

–6

IRR, recovery rate, credit spread

4

–4

Price

7

–7

Securities
Group Financial Statements

Positive effects on
income statement

Interest-rate-related transactions
of which ABS
Equity-related transactions
Loans

The selected parameters lie at the extremes of their range of rea-

these figures is not to estimate or predict future changes in fair

sonable possible alternatives. In practice, however, it is unlikely

value. The unobservable parameters were either shifted by

that all unobservable parameters would simultaneously lie at the

between 1% and 10% as deemed appropriate by our independent

extremes of their range of reasonable possible alternatives. Con-

valuation experts for each type of instrument or a measure of

sequently, the estimates provided are likely to exceed the actual

standard deviation was applied.

uncertainty in the fair values of these instruments. The purpose of

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

193

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Day-One Profit or Loss
The Commerzbank Group has entered into transactions where the

all material input parameters become observable, the accrued day

fair value was calculated using a valuation model, where not all

one profit or loss is immediately recognised in the income state-

material input parameters were observable in the market. The ini-

ment in the gain or loss from financial assets and liabilities meas-

tial carrying value of such transactions is the fair value. The differ-

ured at fair value through profit or loss. A cumulated difference

ence between the transaction price and the fair value under the

between transaction price and model valuation is calculated for

model is termed the “day one profit or loss”. The day one profit or

the level 3 items in all categories. Material impacts only result

loss is not recognised immediately in the income statement but

from financial instruments held for trading; the development was

pro rata over the term of the transaction. As soon as there is a

as follows:

quoted market price on an active market for such transactions or
Day-One Profit Loss
Financial assets
– Held for Trading

Financial liabilities
– Held for Trading

Total

Balance as at 1.1.2016

–

5

5

Allocations not recognised in income statement

–

4

4

Reversals recognised in income statement

–

–5

–5

Balance as at 31.12.2016

–

4

4

Allocations not recognised in income statement

–

37

37

Reversals recognised in income statement

–

–8

–8

Balance as at 31.12.2017

–

34

34

Group Financial Statements

řm

194

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

b) Financial instruments measured at cost
IFRS 7 additionally requires disclosure of the fair values for finan-

In the case of reclassified securities contained in the available-

cial instruments not recognised in the balance sheet at fair value.

for-sale financial assets of the IAS 39 loans and receivables cate-

The measurement methodology to determine fair value in these

gory, the fair value is determined on the basis of available market

cases is explained below.

prices insofar as an active market once again exists (level 1). If

The standard requires that transaction costs also be taken into

there is no active market, recognised valuation methods are to be

account when initially measuring assets that will not be measured

used to determine the fair values. In general, an asset swap pric-

at fair value in subsequent measurements. These costs include the

ing model is used for valuation. The parameters applied comprise

additional expenses incurred associated with the acquisition, issue

yield curves and the asset swap spreads of comparable benchmark

or disposal of a financial asset or a financial liability. The transac-

instruments. Depending on the input parameters used (observable

tion costs do not include premiums and discounts, finance costs,

or not observable), classification is made at level 2 or level 3.

internal management costs or maintenance costs.

For deposits, a discounted cash flow model is generally used

The nominal value of financial instruments that fall due on a

for determining fair value, since market data are usually not avail-

daily basis is taken as their fair value. These instruments include

able. In addition to the yield curve, own credit spread and a pre-

cash on hand and cash on demand, as well as overdrafts and

mium for operating expenses are also taken into account. Since

demand deposits. We allocate these to level 2.

credit spreads of the respective counterparties are not used in the

Market prices are not available for loans as there are no organ-

measurement of liabilities, they are usually classified as level 2. In

ised markets for trading these financial instruments. The discounted

the case of non-observable input parameters, classification at

cash flow model is used for loans, with parameters based on a

level 3 may also be appropriate.

risk-free yield curve (swap curve) plus credit spreads and maturi-

The fair value of bonds and notes issued is determined on the

ty-based premiums to cover funding spreads, plus fixed premiums

basis of available market prices. If no prices are available, the dis-

for administrative expenses and the cost of capital. Data on the

counted cash flow model is used to determine the fair values. A

credit spreads of major banks and corporate customers are availa-

number of different factors, including current market interest rates,

ble, making it possible to classify them as level 2. If no observable

the own credit spread and capital costs, are taken into account in

input parameters are available, it may also be appropriate to clas-

determining fair value. If available market prices are applied, they

sify the fair value of loans as level 3.

are to be classified as level 1. Otherwise, classification at level 2
normally applies, since valuation models generally rely on observ-

Group Financial Statements

able input parameters.

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

31.12.2017
řbn
Assets

Further Information

Fair Value

Carrying
amount

Difference

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

319.1

321.6

– 2.5

–

109.5

209.7

Cash on hand and cash on demand

55.7

55.7

–

–

55.7

–

Financial Assets – Loans and
Receivables

263.4

265.7

– 2.3

–

53.7

209.7

Loans and advances

241.3

241.7

– 0.4

–

32.5

208.8

Debt securities

22.1

24.0

– 1.9

–

21.2

0.9

–

0.2

– 0.2

–

–

–

Value adjustment on portfolio fair
value hedges
Non-current assets held for sale and
disposal groups

0.0

0.0

–

–

–

–

344.5

341.8

2.8

0.2

339.2

5.2

344.5

341.3

3.3

0.2

339.2

5.2

Deposits

298.3

297.9

0.4

–

298.3

–

Bonds and notes issued

46.3

43.4

2.9

0.2

40.9

5.2

Value adjustment on portfolio fair
value hedges

–

0.5

– 0.5

–

–

–

Liabilities of disposal groups

–

–

–

–

–

–

Fair Value

Carrying
amount

Difference

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Liabilities
Financial Liabilities – Amortised Cost

31.12.2016
řbn
Assets

311.1

313.7

– 2.5

1.0

115.6

194.6

Cash on hand and cash on demand

36.2

36.2

–

–

36.2

–

Financial Assets – Loans and
Receivables

274.4

276.6

– 2.2

0.4

79.4

194.6

Loans and advances

247.5

246.9

0.6

–

60.7

186.8

Debt securities

26.9

29.7

– 2.8

0.4

18.7

7.8

–

0.3

– 0.3

–

–

–

Value adjustment on portfolio fair
value hedges
Non-current assets held for sale and
disposal groups
Liabilities
Financial Liabilities – Amortised Cost

195

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

0.6

0.6

–

0.6

–

–

346.7

344.8

1.9

–

342.4

4.3

346.7

343.8

2.9

–

342.4

4.3

Deposits

298.2

298.1

0.1

–

296.7

1.5

Bonds and notes issued

48.5

45.7

2.8

–

45.7

2.8

Value adjustment on portfolio fair
value hedges

–

1.0

– 1.0

–

–

–

Liabilities of disposal groups

–

–

–

–

–

–
Group Financial Statements

To our Shareholders

196

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

(33) Information on netting of financial instruments
The table below shows the reconciliation of amounts before and

Multi-Currency Cross-Border; German Master Agreement for

after netting, as well as the amounts of existing netting rights

Financial Futures). By means of such netting agreements, the

which do not satisfy the netting criteria, separately for all recog-

positive and negative fair values of the derivatives contracts

nised financial assets and liabilities which are

included under a master agreement can be offset against one

• are already netted in accordance with IAS 32.42 (financial

another. This netting process reduces the credit risk to a single net

instruments I) and

claim on the party to the contract (close-out netting).

• subject to an enforceable, bilateral master netting agreement or

We apply netting to receivables and liabilities from repurchase

a similar agreement but are not netted in the balance sheet

agreements (reverse repos and repos), to OTC derivatives, and to

(financial instruments II).

positive and negative fair values of derivatives. The balance sheet
netting pertains to transactions with central counterparties.

For the netting agreements we conclude master agreements
with our counterparties (such as 1992 ISDA Master Agreement
Assets | řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Reverse repos

Positive fair values of
derivative financial
instruments

Reverse repos

Positive fair values of
derivative financial
instruments

Gross amount of financial instruments

33,195

101,586

38,202

124,824

Book values not eligible for netting

5,784

4,514

9,889

5,894

a) Gross amount of financial instruments I and II

27,411

97,072

28,313

118,930

b) Amount netted in the balance sheet for
financial instruments I1

13,912

52,339

14,820

60,544

c) Net amount of financial instruments I and II =
a) – b)

13,499

44,733

13,493

58,386

379

29,662

304

40,928

12,227

43

11,192

633

d) Master agreements not already accounted for
in b)
Amount of financial instruments II which do not
fulfill or only partially fulfill the criteria under
IAS 32,422
Fair value of financial collateral relating to
financial instruments I and II not already
accounted for in b)3
Non-cash collaterals4

Group Financial Statements

Cash collaterals

1

3

8,990

30

9,671

e) Net amount of financial instruments I and II =
c) – d)

890

6,038

1,967

7,154

f) Fair value of financial collateral of central
counterparties relating to financial instruments I

890

–

1,967

55

g) Net amount of financial instruments I and II =
e) – f)

–

6,038

–

7,099

Of which for positive fair values ř2,553m (previous year: ř2,270m) is attributable to margins.
Lesser amount of assets and liabilities.
Excluding rights or obligations to return arising from the transfer of securities.
4
Including financial instruments not reported on the balance sheet (e.g. securities provided as collateral in repo transactions).
2
3

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Liabilities | řm

31.12.2017

Further Information

197

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

31.12.2016

Repos

Negative fair values
of derivative
financial instruments

Repos

Negative fair values
of derivative
financial instruments

Gross amount of financial instruments

26,091

101,810

28,184

128,901

Book values not eligible for netting

5,248

675

4,593

1,219

a) Gross amount of financial instruments I and II

20,843

101,135

23,591

127,682

b) Amount netted in the balance sheet for
financial instruments I1

13,912

51,103

14,820

59,869

c) Net amount of financial instruments I and II =
a) – b)

6,931

50,032

8,771

67,813

379

29,662

304

40,928

6,320

934

5,432

2,441

d) Master agreements not already accounted for
in b)
Amount of financial instruments II which do not
fulfill or only partially fulfill the criteria under
IAS 32,422
Fair value of financial collateral relating to
financial instruments I and II not already
accounted for in b)3
Non-cash collaterals4
Cash collaterals

1

13,358

4

18,588

e) Net amount of financial instruments I and II =
c) – d)

231

6,078

3,031

5,856

f) Fair value of financial collateral of central
counterparties relating to financial instruments I

231

–

3,031

55

g) Net amount of financial instruments I and II =
e) – f)

–

6,078

–

5,801

1

Of which for negative fair values ř3,789m (previous year: ř2,946m) is attributable to margins.
Lesser amount of assets and liabilities.
Excluding rights or obligations to return arising from the transfer of securities.
4
Including financial instruments not reported on the balance sheet (e.g. securities provided as collateral in repo transactions).
2
3

(34) Maturities of assets and liabilities (including financial obligations)
The table below lists all assets and liabilities (except for positive

income are classified as short-term items. By contrast, holdings in

and negative fair values of derivative financial instruments) classi-

companies accounted for using the equity method, intangible

fied by whether they are short-term or long-term. The residual

assets, fixed assets, investment properties and deferred taxes are

term or the time of anticipated realisation or fulfilment is defined

generally classified as long-term items. When classifying other

as short-term if the period between the reporting date and the

assets and other liabilities we make an assessment for the main

instrument’s maturity date is less than one year. Financial instru-

items. For information on how the maturities of the main types of

ments without contractual maturities, cash on hand and cash on

provisions are classified, please refer to Note 54.

Group Financial Statements

demand, assets and liabilities held for sale and current taxes on

198

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

řm

Short-term

Long-term

Short-term

Cash on hand and cash on demand

55,733

–

36,206

–

Financial Assets – Loans and Receivables

95,421

170,291

101,734

174,844

Financial Assets – Available for Sale

5,948

25,206

5,343

34,292

Financial Assets – Fair Value Option

19,539

4,206

21,396

3,402

Financial Assets – Held for Trading

9,877

6,006

22,536

Long-term

4,121

Holdings in companies accounted for using the
equity method

–

180

–

180

Intangible assets

–

3,312

–

3,047

Fixed assets

–

1,600

–

1,723

Investment properties

–

16

–

16

Non-current assets held for sale and disposal
groups

78

–

1,188

–

Current tax assets

767

–

629

–

Deferred tax assets

–

2,950

–

3,035

2,091

23

2,109

357

Total

189,456

213,789

191,141

225,015

Financial Liabilities – Amortised Cost

258,152

83,108

259,818

83,980

Financial Liabilities – Fair Value Option

13,122

1,818

16,243

1,841

Financial Liabilities – Held for Trading

6,465

1,567

10,775

1,044

Provisions

2,401

890

1,741

1,695

Other assets

Current tax liabilities

673

–

672

–

Deferred tax liabilities

–

34

–

49

Liabilities of disposal groups
Other liabilities
Total
1

31.12.20161

31.12.2017

–

–

–

–

2,411

1,104

2,618

1,353

283,223

88,521

291,868

89,962

Prior-year figures adjusted due to restatements (see page 152 ff.).

In the maturity breakdown, we show the residual terms of financial

payment obligations. The residual term is defined as the period

instruments that are subject to contractual maturities on the basis

between the balance sheet date and the contractual maturity date

of undiscounted cash flows. Derivative liabilities are reported on

of the financial instruments. In the case of financial instruments

the basis of their fair values in the relevant maturity range. In the

which are paid in stages, the residual term of each payment stage

case of interest-rate-related derivatives, interest payments also

has been used.

occur in the maturity ranges before final maturity, due to interest

31.12.2017
Group Financial Statements

řm

Residual terms
up to 3 months

3 months
up to 1 year

1 year
up to 5 years

more than
5 years

Financial Liabilities – Amortised Cost

228,069

27,380

38,635

33,578

Financial Liabilities – Fair Value Option

12,494

541

326

1,356

Financial Liabilities – Held for Trading

1,610

2,388

1,435

132

Derivatives

3,237

3,823

11,707

28,704

Financial guarantees

2,024

–

–

–

Irrevocable lending commitments

79,965

–

–

–

Total

327,399

34,132

52,104

63,770

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

31.12.2016
řm

Further Information

199

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Residual terms
up to 3 months

3 months
up to 1 year

1 year
up to 5 years

more than
5 years

Financial Liabilities – Amortised Cost

220,950

35,948

33,798

33,097

Financial Liabilities – Fair Value Option

15,179

1,040

245

1,594

Financial Liabilities – Held for Trading

1,311

2,473

976

68

Derivatives

4,926

6,906

17,545

36,564

Financial guarantees

2,393

–

–

–

Irrevocable lending commitments

78,331

–

–

–

Total

323,090

46,366

52,565

71,323

(35) Transferred financial assets and collateral pledged
for own liabilities
Repo transactions combine the spot purchase or sale of securities

transactions in a similar manner to securities repurchase transac-

with their forward sale or repurchase, the counterparty being iden-

tions. Securities lent remain in our securities portfolio and are

tical in both cases. The securities sold under repurchase agree-

measured and categorised according to the rules of IAS 39.

ments (spot sale) continue to be recognised and measured in the

Borrowed securities do not appear in the balance sheet, nor are

Group balance sheet as part of the securities portfolio in accord-

they valued. In securities lending transactions, the counterparty

ance with the category to which they are assigned. The securities

credit risk can be avoided by obtaining collateral, which may be

are not derecognised as we retain all risks and opportunities con-

provided in the form of cash, for example. Collateral furnished for

nected with the ownership of the security sold under the repur-

a securities lending transaction is referred to as “cash collateral

chase agreement. The same risks and opportunities that apply to

out” and collateral received as “cash collateral in”. In addition,

non-transferred financial assets thus also apply to financial assets

cash collaterals are deposited or received as collateral in connec-

that have been transferred but not derecognised.

tion with derivative transactions.

We conduct securities lending transactions with other banks

The following assets were pledged as collateral for liabilities.

and customers in order to meet delivery commitments or to enable

řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

47,594

49,665

– 4.2

Equity instruments

4,588

1,041

.

Debt securities

6,711

5,295

26.7

Loans and advances

36,295

43,329

– 16.2

14,132

19,896

– 29.0

50,974

53,498

– 4.7

Securities lending transactions

8,952

10,345

– 13.5

Securities repo-business

37,757

37,185

1.5

161

173

– 7.0

4,105

5,795

– 29.2

98,568

103,163

– 4.5

Own assets

of which cash securities from OTC transactions
Repledged securities

Certificate business
Variation margin
Total

No restrictions apply to the equity instruments totalling ř4,535m
or the securitised debt instruments in the amount of ř5,342m.

Group Financial Statements

us to effect securities repurchase agreements. We report these

200

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The assets pledged by the Commerzbank Group are attributable to
the following own liabilities:
řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

Derivatives/Financial Liabilities – Held for Trading

18,462

25,723

– 28.2

Deposits

34,274

36,972

– 7.3

500

500

–

Return commitments for securities from lending transactions

14,823

16,898

– 12.3

Total

68,059

80,093

– 15.0

Debt securities issued

(36) Collateral received
The fair value of collaterals received for which the Bank has a right
to sell on or pledge even where the provider does not default were
as follows:
řm
Total received securities
of which sold or repledged

2017

2016

Change in %

70,510

81,236

– 13.2

52,866

56,593

– 6.6

(37) Financial assets which have been transferred but not derecognised (own holdings)
31.12.2017

Held for Trading

Fair Value Option

Available for Sale

Loans and
Receivables

Carrying amount of securities transferred

1,041

–

924

2,655

Carrying amount of associated liabilities

1,035

–

927

2,675

Fair value of securities transferred

1,041

–

924

2,655

Fair value of associated liabilities

1,035

–

927

2,675

5

–

–3

– 19

Held for Trading

Fair Value Option

Available for Sale

Loans and
Receivables

Carrying amount of securities transferred

1,885

–

1,656

1,519

Carrying amount of associated liabilities

1,814

–

1,584

1,519

Fair value of securities transferred

1,885

–

1,656

1,519

Fair value of associated liabilities

1,814

–

1,584

1,519

71

–

72

–

řm

Net position

31.12.2016
řm

Group Financial Statements

Net position

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

201

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

(38) Subordinated assets
Assets are considered to be subordinated if the claims they represent may not be met until after those of other creditors in the
event of the liquidation or insolvency of the issuer.
řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

Financial Assets – Loans and Receivables

433

819

– 47.1

Financial Assets – Available for Sale

11

11

–

Financial Assets – Held for Trading

143

117

22.3

Total

587

947

– 38.0

Derivatives and hedging relationships
(39) Derivatives
The Commerzbank Group conducts transactions with derivative

agreement can be offset against one another, and the future regu-

financial instruments, as explained below.

latory risk add-ons for these products can be reduced. This netting

an “underlying asset”. The underlying asset may, for example, be

process reduces the credit risk to a single net claim on the party to
the contract (close-out netting).

an interest rate, commodity price, share price, foreign exchange

For both regulatory reports and the internal measurement and

rate or bond price. The financial instrument does not require any

monitoring of our credit commitments, we use such risk-

initial net investment or an initial investment that is smaller than

mitigating techniques only where we consider them enforceable in

would be required for other types of instrument expected to have a

the jurisdiction in question if the counterparty should become

similar response to changes in market factors. It is settled at a

insolvent. We obtain legal opinions from various international law

future date.

firms in order to verify enforceability.

Most of the derivatives transactions involve OTC derivatives,

Similar to the master agreements are the collateral agreements

with a nominal amount, maturity and price which are agreed indi-

(e.g. collateralisation annex for financial futures contracts, Credit

vidually between the Bank and its counterparties. However, the

Support Annex), which we conclude with our business partners to

Bank also concludes derivatives contracts on regulated stock

secure the net claim or liability remaining after netting (receiving

exchanges. These are standardised contracts with standardised

or furnishing of collateral). As a rule, this collateral management

nominal amounts and settlement dates.

reduces credit risk by means of prompt – usually daily or weekly –

The nominal amount shows the volume traded by the Bank.

measurement and adjustment of the customer exposure.

The positive and negative fair values listed in the table, however,

The total effect of netting amounted to ř54,892m as at

are the expenses which would be incurred by the Bank or the

31 December 2017 (previous year: ř62,814m). On the assets side,

counterparties to replace the contracts originally concluded with

ř52,339m (previous year: ř60,544m) of this was attributable to

transactions of an equivalent financial value. From the Bank’s

positive fair values, and ř2,553m claims for variation margins

point of view, a positive fair value thus indicates the maximum

(previous year: ř2,270m). Netting on the liabilities side involved

potential counterparty-specific default risk present from derivative

negative fair values of ř51,103m (previous year: ř59,869m) and

transactions on the balance sheet date.

liabilities for variation margins payable of ř3,789m (previous year:

In order to minimise both the economic and regulatory credit

ř2,946m).

risk arising from these instruments, we conclude master agree-

As at the balance sheet date the outstanding volume of the

ments (bilateral netting agreements) with our counterparties (such

Commerzbank Group’s transactions as a protection buyer and

as 1992 ISDA Master Agreement Multi-Currency Cross-Border;

seller amounted to ř19,661m (previous year: ř30,643m) and

German Master Agreement for Financial Futures). By means of

ř18,174m (previous year: ř30,632m). We employ these products,

such bilateral netting agreements, the positive and negative fair

which are used to transfer credit risk, both for arbitrage purposes

values of the derivatives contracts included under a master

in trading and in the banking book for diversifying our loan portfolios.

Group Financial Statements

A derivative is a financial instrument with a value determined by

202

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Details of derivatives in cash flow hedge accounting

equity) totalled ř16bn as at 31 December 2017 (previous year:

The nominal values of derivatives used until cash flow hedge

ř24bn). The table below shows the periods in which these are

accounting was ended in 2009 (see the statement of changes in

expected to expire.

řbn

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

Up to 3 months

3

4

– 34.0

More than 3 months up to 1 year

4

5

– 15.2

More than 1 year up to 5 years

4

10

– 61.4

More than 5 years

5

5

– 4.2

(40) Hedging relationships
IAS 39 contains extensive hedge accounting regulations which

hedging relationship. The carrying amounts of the hedged

apply if it can be shown that the hedging instruments – especially

transactions are adjusted through profit or loss in the event

derivatives – are employed to hedge risks in the underlying non-

of changes in fair value attributable to the hedged risk.

trading transactions. Two types of hedge accounting are used:

• Fair value hedge accounting

at the portfolio level. It is not individual transactions or

IAS 39 prescribes the use of hedge accounting to avoid a dis-

groups of transactions with a similar risk structure that are

torted impact on earnings for derivatives which serve to hedge

not hedged, but, rather, a quantity of underlying transac-

the fair value of assets or liabilities against one or more defined

tions in a portfolio grouped by maturity bands in accordance

risks. The Group’s issuing and lending business and the securi-

with the expected repayment and interest adjustment dates.

ties holdings for liquidity management are particularly subject

Portfolios may contain only assets, only liabilities, or a mix-

to interest rate risk when fixed-income securities are involved.

ture of both. In this type of hedge accounting, changes in

Interest rate swaps are primarily used to hedge these risks.

the fair value of the underlying transactions are reported in

In line with the regulations for fair value hedge accounting, the

the balance sheet as a separate asset or liability item.

derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes are

Group Financial Statements

– In a fair value hedge portfolio, interest rate risks are hedged

• Cash flow hedge accounting

recognised at fair value as fair values of derivative hedging

IAS 39 prescribes the use of cash flow hedge accounting to

instruments. Any changes in the fair value of the hedged asset

avoid a distorted impact on profit or loss for derivatives which

or hedged liability resulting from an opposite move in the

serve to hedge the risk of a change in future cash flows. Inter-

hedged risk are also recognised in the balance sheet. Counter-

est rate swaps are primarily used to hedge these cash flows.

balancing changes on remeasurement associated with the

Derivatives used in cash flow hedge accounting are measured

hedging instruments and the hedged underlying transactions

at fair value. The effective portion of gains and losses are rec-

are recognised in the income statement as net income from

ognised net of deferred taxes in the cash flow hedge reserve

hedge accounting. Any portion of the changes in fair value that

under equity. The ineffective portion, on the other hand, is

are not attributable to the hedged risk are accounted for in

reported in the income statement in net income from hedge

accordance with the rules of the valuation category to which

accounting. The general accounting rules set out above for the

the hedged asset or liability belongs. For interest rate risks fair

underlying transactions of the hedged cash flows remain

value hedge accounting can either be a micro fair value hedge

unchanged by this.

or a portfolio fair value hedge:

– In micro fair value hedge accounting an underlying transac-

The application of hedge accounting rules is tied to a number

tion is linked with one or more hedging instruments in a

of conditions. These relate above all to the documentation of the
hedging relationship and also to its effectiveness.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

203

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

The hedge must be documented at inception. Documentation

mined by means of historical simulations for the prospective effec-

must include in particular the identification of the hedging instru-

tiveness test, while the actual changes in fair value are used for

ment, the related hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk

the retrospective effectiveness test. Regression analysis is also

being hedged and how effectiveness of the hedge is assessed. In

used for the prospective effectiveness test in portfolio fair value

addition to documentation, IAS 39 requires the effectiveness of a

hedge accounting, while the dollar-offset method is used for the

hedge to be demonstrated during the entire term of the hedge in

retrospective effectiveness test.

order for hedge accounting rules to be applied. Effectiveness in
this context refers to the relationship between the change in fair

Value adjustment on portfolio fair value hedges

value or cash flow of the hedged item and the change in fair value

This item contains hedged interest-rate-related positive and nega-

or cash flow of the hedging instrument. If these changes offset

tive changes in the fair value of hedged transactions for which

each other almost fully, a high degree of effectiveness exists. Proof

portfolio fair value hedge accounting is used. A matching item

of effectiveness requires, firstly, that a high degree of effectiveness

from hedging transactions is shown on the asset or liabilities side

can be expected from a hedge in the future (prospective effective-

of the balance sheet under the fair values of derivative hedging

ness). Secondly, when a hedge exists, it must be regularly demon-

instruments.

strated that it was highly effective during the period under review
(retrospective effectiveness). Both the retrospective and prospec-

Positive and negative fair values of derivative hedging

tive effectiveness must be within a range of 0.8 to 1.25.

instruments

Commerzbank uses regression analysis to assess effectiveness
in micro fair value hedge accounting. The changes in fair value of

The fair values of derivatives used to hedge underlying transactions against interest rate risk are shown under this item.

řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

Positive fair values micro fair value hedges

1,184

1,721

– 31.2

Positive fair values portfolio fair value hedges

274

348

– 21.4

Positive fair values cash flow hedges

7

7

2.6

1,464

2,075

– 29.4

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

2,198

3,041

– 27.7

Negative fair values portfolio fair value hedges

38

10

.

Negative fair values cash flow hedges

19

29

– 34.9

2,255

3,080

– 26.8

Total

řm
Negative fair values micro fair value hedges

Total

Group Financial Statements

the hedged transaction and the hedging instrument are deter-

204

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Information on companies accounted for using the equity method
(41) Holdings in companies accounted for using the equity method
Associated companies
2017

2016

2017

2016

Equity book value as at 1.1.

179

673

1

62

Acquisition cost as at 1.1.

132

444

17

99

Exchange rate changes

–5

1

–

–

Additions

–

–

–

–

Disposals

–

–

–

2

Reclassifications to non-current assets held
for sale and assets of disposal groups

–

– 313

–

– 80

Other reclassifications/changes in the group
of consolidated companies

7

–

–

–

133

132

17

17

7

7

–

–

Cumulative write-downs as at 1.1.

24

21

–

–

Exchange rate changes

–

–

–

–

Additions

2

3

–

–

Disposals

–

–

–

–

Reclassifications to non-current assets held
for sale and assets of disposal groups

–

–

–

–

Other reclassifications/changes in the group
of consolidated companies

–

–

–

–

26

24

–

–

Acquisition cost as at 31.12.
Write-ups

Cumulative write-downs as at 31.12.

Group Financial Statements

Joint Ventures

řm

Cumulative changes from remeasurement using
the equity method

65

64

– 17

– 16

Equity book value as at 31.12.

180

179

1

1

of which holdings in banks

80

73

–

–

In 2017, ř20m (previous year: ř23m) in dividends from associated

Commerzbank Group is liable to the extent of its respective own-

companies accounted for using the equity method were paid. As in

ership interest.

the previous year, no dividends from jointly controlled entities

The investments in companies accounted for using the equity

accounted for using the equity method flowed directly or indirectly

method are non-strategic holdings of the Commerzbank Group,

to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft.

which are active mainly in the financial services sector and in leas-

As in the previous year, there was no equity carrying amount

ing and real estate business. The information in this note is there-

for either associated companies or joint ventures (see Note 5)

fore aggregated for associated companies and for joint ventures. A

accounted for using the equity method, and so this figure is shown

list of all companies accounted for using the equity method is

as zero.

given in Note 73.

Where obligations arise from contingent liabilities of compa-

The Commerzbank Group does not have any associated com-

nies accounted for using the equity method or discontinued opera-

panies or jointly controlled entities that are material for the Group.

tions at companies accounted for using the equity method, the

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

205

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Intangible assets
(42) Goodwill
a) Impairment test methodology for goodwill and other

to calculate goodwill using the discounted cash flow method. The

intangible assets

risk-adjusted interest rates deriving from the model are used to

All goodwill is allocated to the Cash Generating Units (CGUs) at

discount the expected cash flows of the cash-generating units.

the time of acquisition. Commerzbank has defined the segments

This produces the recoverable amount, which can be higher or

as CGUs in accordance with IFRS 8. Further details on the seg-

lower than the carrying amount. If the recoverable amount is lower

ments are provided in Note 57. In accordance with IAS 36 these

than the carrying amount, Commerzbank initially recognises an

assets are tested for impairment at the level of the CGUs at least at

impairment on the goodwill of the cash-generating unit, which is

every balance sheet date and if a trigger event occurs. In this pro-

reported under impairments of goodwill and other intangible

cess, the carrying amount of the capital employed in a segment as

assets in the income statement. Any additional impairment

a CGU (including the attributed goodwill) is compared with the

required is divided pro-rata between the remaining assets in the

recoverable amount of these assets. The carrying amount of the

unit and is also reported in this item in the income statement. The

capital employed is determined by allocating the Group’s capital to

expected results of the cash-generating units are generally based

the CGUs.

on the segments’ multi-year planning, which has a horizon of four

First, all directly allocable components are allocated to the seg-

years. If necessary, financial years beyond this are adjusted to a

ments and then the remaining capital is allocated to the segments

sustainable level of results and a constant growth rate based on

in proportion to the total risk-weighted assets. Solely for the pur-

forecasts for GDP growth and inflation is applied for the calcula-

poses of the goodwill impairment test, the Group equity allocated to

tion of the perpetuity. This factor, including mBank, represents

Others and Consolidation is allocated completely to the other seg-

1.6 % in the Private and Small-Business Customers segment. In

ments based on the ratio of risk-weighted assets to total risk-

addition to profitability projections, the multi-year planning also

weighted assets. The recoverable amount is the higher of value in

relies on forecasts for risk-weighted assets and capital employed,

use and fair value less cost of disposal. The value in use is based on

subject to the regulatory minimum capital ratios. The main value

the expected results of the unit and the cost of capital as set out in

drivers are receivables volumes, net interest income after loan

the multi-year planning for the individual segments approved by

loss provisions and net commission income. Risk-weighted assets

the board. Also, solely for the purposes of the impairment test, the

are a further sensitive planning parameter. The projections are

main expenses in Others & Consolidation are distributed to the

based on forecasts from economic research for the main parame-

segments based on a precise key. If the value in use falls below the

ters such as movements in interest rates, exchange rates and

carrying amount, the fair value less costs of disposal is also calcu-

equity and bond markets. Planning is based both on manage-

lated. The higher of the two figures is reported.

ment’s past experience and an assessment of risks and opportunities in line with the forecasts.
The main management assumptions on which the cash flow

intangible assets

forecasts for each CGU were based and the management approach

Commerzbank uses the Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM), with

chosen were as follows for the Business Segment Private and

inputs mainly from parameters observable on the market, in order

Small-Business Customers:

Group Financial Statements

b) Assumptions of the impairment test for goodwill and other

206

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Segment

Main assumptions

Management approach

Private and

Commerzbank 4.0 – Continuation of growth strategy as a pioneer in Ger-

• Central assumptions based on internal analyses

Small-Business

many’s private and small-business customer segment and development

and external studies of economic development

Customers

towards a digital, multi-channel bank

• Ongoing income growth in the role of a profitable driver of growth for
the Bank

• Growth creation, in particular by establishing small-business customers
as a business area and through a cross-segment marketing strategy

• Evolution into a digital enterprise by investing substantially in digitalisation:

and the market

• Management projections for growth in new customers and the stabilisation of costs based on
progress achieved so far

• Institutionalised customer surveys and measurement of customer satisfaction

• Inclusion of independent benchmark analyses

– Expansion of the uniform multi-channel platform ONE for customers • Initiatives that are part of the strategy to be
and employees to boost efficiency and make the business model

based on business plans developed by man-

more flexible

agement

– Utilisation of big data and advanced analytics to facilitate an industrialised, scaled, automated customer approach

• Development of partnership banking by widening strategic cooperation
range

• Further development of lending business and growth in own instalment
loan book

• Product innovations and further digitalisation of service offerings
• Efficient positioning of branch business by differentiating the service
offering at the individual locations through a new service model and innovative branch formats

• Development towards goal of being “Customer bank no.1”, largely
through optimal sales management, stronger customer focus in branch
processes, modern leadership and maximum level of service quality

• Fulfilment of all regulatory requirements
• Expansion and strengthening of Commerz Real’s market position, e.g.
through lead role as the first digital asset manager and integrated investment service provider

• Growth path of comdirect bank AG through expansion of smart, innovative asset management in securities and with cominvest as digital asset
manager

• mBank with successive implementation of the 2016–2020 Mobile Bank
strategy for organic growth as announced in June 2016:

– Continuation of our digitisation strategy with multichannel approach, particularly in the private customer business (expansion of

Group Financial Statements

market leadership in mobile & transaction banking)

– Making better use of existing business potential, especially through
the expansion of consumer credit and deposit business with private
customers

– Further strengthening of our position in the medium-sized corporate
customer segment and expanding cross-border corporate business

– Further efficiency gains through digitised processes and active cost
management

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

207

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Due to the assumptions underlying the cash flow forecasts and the

um. The beta factor was calculated on the basis of segment-

uncertainties that are inevitably involved, the following circum-

specific comparator groups reflecting the specific investment risk

stances may have an adverse impact on the cash flow forecasts of

of the segments.

the CGUs (the list is not exhaustive):

• Macroeconomic environment worse than expected
• Interest rate outturn differs from economic forecast
• Uncertainties about the regulatory environment, particularly

c) Change in goodwill
The impairment test carried out as planned at the end of 2017 did
not result in any write-downs being required. The Private and

the implementation of new rules at the European level

Small-Business Customers segment continues to have high excess

• Greater intensity of competition than assumed

cover.

Risk-adjusted interest rates (before tax) were calculated on the

of 2017 resulted in the recognition of goodwill in the amount of

basis of the risk-free interest rate, the market risk premium and

ř23m. This goodwill is attributable to the Private and Small-

the systematic risk (beta factor). We drew on data from external

Business Customers segment.

The acquisition of Commerz Finanz GmbH in the third quarter

providers for the risk-free interest rate and the market risk premiPrivate and Small
Business Customers
řm

2017

2016

Carrying amount as at 1.1.

1,484

Cost of acquisition/production as at 1.1.

1,520

Exchange rate changes

Corporate Clients
2017

2016

1,484

–

592

1,520

592

592

–

–

–

–

Additions

23

–

–

Disposals

–

–

–

Other reclassifications/changes in the group
of consolidated companies

Asset & Capital
Recovery
2017

Group

2016

2017

2016

–

–

1,484

2,076

725

725

2,837

2,837

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

23

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

1,543

1,520

592

592

725

725

2,860

2,837

Cumulative write-downs as at 1.1.

36

36

592

–

725

725

1,353

761

Exchange rate changes

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

Additions

–

–

–

592

–

–

–

592

–

–

–

592

–

–

–

592

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

Cost of acquisition/production as at 31.12.

of which unscheduled
Disposals
Other reclassifications/changes in the group
of consolidated companies
Cumulative write-downs as at 31.12.
Carrying amount as at 31.12.

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

36

36

592

592

725

725

1,353

1,353

1,507

1,484

–

–

–

–

1,507

1,484

In 2017, the recoverable amount corresponded to the value in use

CGU, as its goodwill had already been written off in full. Varying

of the Private and Small-Business Customers segment. A sensitiv-

the risk-adjusted interest rate (after tax) by –25 and +25 basis

ity analysis was also carried out to further validate the impair-

points (bps) for the detailed planning phase produced the follow-

ment of the goodwill. It identified no potential impairment

ing ratios of excess cover to carrying amount for the Private and

requirement for the Private and Small-Business Customers CGU.

Small-Business Customers CGU; cover was not deficient at any

No sensitivity analysis was required for the Corporate Clients

point in the reporting year.

Group Financial Statements

Sensitivities

208

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Private- and Small- Business Customers
2017

2016

Assumed risk-adjusted interest rate

116.0 %

89.0 %

Risk- adjusted interest rate – 25 bps (advantageous)

123.6 %

95.7 %

Risk- adjusted interest rate +25 bps (disadvantageous)

108.9 %

82.8 %

Realistic value1
Sensitivity analysis1

1

Positive percent values indicate excess cover; negative percent values indicate deficient cover.

Further sensitivities for the growth rate were determined on the
basis of the realistic scenario:
Private- and Small- Business Customers
Sensitivity analysis1

1

2017

2016

Growth rate +25 bps (advantageous)

121.8 %

94.5 %

Growth rate – 25 bps (disadvantageous)

110.6 %

83.9 %

Positive percent values indicate excess cover; negative percent values indicate deficient cover.

The changes in the underlying premises and central planning
assumptions that would equalise the recoverable amount and the
book value are as follows:
Private- and Small- Business Customers
Risk-adjusted interest rate (after taxes) from/to
Growth rate from/to
Loan loss provisions/risk-weighted assets based on the end of the planning phase and
perpetuity from/to

Group Financial Statements

1

Impossible to quantify, as the recoverable amount is above book value even with a long-term growth rate of 0%.

2017

2016

8.4 % / 14.3 %

8.1 % / 11.9 %

1.6 % / negative1

1.6 % / negative1

71BP. / 352BP.

84BP. / 251BP.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

209

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

(43) Other intangible assets
Other intangible assets primarily comprise software and customer

economic lives, software and customer relationships are amortised

relationships. When assessing whether to recognise the develop-

over their prospective useful lives.

ment costs of in-house developed software as an intangible asset,
Expected useful life
years

the main criteria applied are the ability to reliably determine the
manufacturing costs and the probability of the future flow of benefits. Research costs are not recognised as an asset. Intangible

Software

up to 7

assets are reported at amortised cost. Due to their finite useful

Customer relationships

up to 15

In-house developed
software

řm

2017

2016

Equity book value as at 1.1.

241

315

882

738

440

396

Acquisition cost as at 1.1.

964

964

1,671

1,342

1,549

1,498

Exchange rate changes

0

–0

0

–0

13

– 20

Additions

–

15

491

343

205

198

Disposals

–

–

6

14

82

79

Reclassifications to non-current assets held for
sale and assets of disposal groups

–

–

–

–

–

–6

18

– 15

4

0

3

– 42

983

964

2,160

1,671

1,689

1,549

Other reclassifications/changes in the group of
consolidated companies
Acquisition cost as at 31.12.
Write-ups

2017

Purchased software and
other intangible assets

2016

2017

2016

–

–

–

–

1

0

724

650

788

604

1,109

1,102

Exchange rate changes

0

–0

0

–0

7

– 15

Additions

40

74

256

199

177

146

–

35

1

–

0

1

Disposals

–

–

6

14

70

74

Reclassifications to non-current assets held for
sale and assets of disposal groups

–

–

–

–

–

–5

Cumulative write-downs as at 1.1.

of which unscheduled

Other reclassifications/changes in the group of
consolidated companies

–

–

–

–0

–0

– 45

Cumulative write-downs as at 31.12.

764

724

1,038

788

1,223

1,109

Equity book value as at 31.12.

219

241

1,121

882

466

440

Group Financial Statements

Customer relationships

210

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Tangible assets
(44) Fixed assets
The land and buildings, office furniture and equipment, and assets

ten off largely over the following periods, using the straight-line

under operating leases shown under this item are recognised at

method:
Expected useful life
years

cost less scheduled depreciation and any unscheduled writedowns. Impairments are made in an amount by which the carrying
value exceeds the higher of fair value less costs to sell and the val-

Buildings

25-50

ue in use of the asset. Where the reason for recognising an

Office furniture and equipment

3-25

impairment in previous financial years ceases to apply, the

Leased equipment

1-25

impairment is reversed to no more than amortised cost.
In determining the useful life, the likely physical wear and tear,

In line with the materiality principle, purchases of low-value fixed

technical obsolescence and legal and contractual restrictions are

assets are recognised immediately as operating expenses. Profits

taken into consideration. All fixed assets are depreciated or writ-

realised on the disposal of fixed assets appear under other income,
with losses being shown under other expenses.

Land, buildings and
other fixed assets
Carrying amount as at 1.1.

443

958

476

479

803

857

Cost of acquisition/production as at 1.1.

906

1,953

2,025

2,191

1,207

1,173

Exchange rate changes

5

–3

1

– 33

– 113

29

Additions

2

3

152

147

52

45

Disposals

11

14

162

203

43

40

Reclassifications to non-current assets held for
sale and assets of disposal groups

–0

– 1,054

–

–4

–

–

Write-ups

2016

2017

–2

43

–1

– 72

–

–

899

928

2,014

2,025

1,102

1,207

–

–

–

–

–

–

463

995

1,549

1,712

404

316

Exchange rate changes

2

–1

–3

– 30

– 42

11

Additions

14

38

129

133

73

104

–

8

3

1

9

47

Disposals

2

9

150

187

20

28

Reclassifications to non-current assets held for
sale and assets of disposal groups

–

– 577

–

–4

–

–

Cumulative write-downs as at 1.1.

of which unscheduled

Other reclassifications/changes in the group of
consolidated companies
Group Financial Statements

2017

20161

2017

Cost of acquisition/production as at 31.12.

2016

Leasing equipment

řm

Other reclassifications/changes in the group of
consolidated companies

1

Office furniture and
equipment

–0

39

–1

– 75

–

0

Cumulative write-downs as at 31.12.

477

485

1,524

1,549

414

404

Carrying amount as at 31.12.

422

443

490

476

688

803

Prior year restated.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

211

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

The total value of fixed assets in the Commerzbank Group was

restrictions with regard to rights of disposal relating to our

ř1,600m (previous year: ř1,723m) of which, as in the previous

fixed assets.

year, none was pledged as collateral. Beyond this there were no
(45) Investment properties
Investment properties are defined as land and buildings held for

erties using the capitalised income approach is based on standard

the purpose of earning rental income or because they are

rental values for the locality, with discounts for management,

expected to increase in value. Commerzbank Group also reports

acquisition costs and vacancy rates, and on remaining useful lives

properties acquired as a result of the realisation of collateral (res-

and land values. In some cases, contractually agreed rents are also

cue purchases) and properties owned by the Commerzbank Group

used. The property yield, which is a further input in the valuation

that are let under operating leases in this category. Commercial

process, takes account of the market interest rate level and the

property accounts for the bulk of the investment properties.

specific property and location risk attaching to the property. The
main parameters observable on the market are local rent levels
and property yields.

with IAS 40. In subsequent measurements, investment properties

Current income and expenses are recognised in other net

are measured at fair value. Fair value is generally determined on

income. Remeasurement changes arising from changes in fair

the basis of valuations conducted by external and internal experts

value are also shown under other net income in the income state-

and on prices currently obtainable in the market. Properties used

ment for the period.

for commercial purposes are usually valued based on capitalised

The properties held as investments in the amount of ř16m

income; individual residential buildings are generally valued using

(previous year: ř16m) were all classified at fair value hierarchy

the cost or sales comparison approach. The valuation of the prop-

level 3 and developed as follows:

řm

2017

2016

Carrying amount as at 1.1.

16

106

Cost of acquisition/production as at 1.1.

196

210

Exchange rate changes

–

–

Additions

0

–

Disposals

1

–

Changes in the group of consolidated companies

–

–

Reclassifications

–

–

Reclassifications to non-current assets held for sale and assets of disposal groups

–

– 14

Cost of acquisition/production as at 31.12.

195

196

Cumulative changes from remeasurement at fair value

– 179

– 180

16

16

Carrying amount as at 31.12.

In the year under review, as in the previous year, no investment

brief Banks (vdp) over a period of at least 18 years for the sensitiv-

properties were acquired in rescue purchases. The additions con-

ity analysis of investment properties. We use the medium fluctua-

tain no subsequent acquisition costs for significant properties.

tion range calculated on this basis to determine the potential

There are no restrictions on resale, nor are there any obligations to purchase properties that need to be reported here.
We use the country-specific rental indices for commercial and
office properties published by the Association of German Pfand-

changes in value of our properties. The medium change rate lies
between –1.9 % and 1.5 %. Applying the medium change rates
would lead to an adjustment of around ř–0.3m or ř+0.2m in the
properties’ market value.

Group Financial Statements

Investment properties are measured at cost including directly
attributable transaction costs on initial recognition in accordance

212

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Assets and liabilities held for sale
(46) Assets held for sale and disposal groups
Non-current assets and disposal groups that can be sold in their

ing position in the income statement, depending on the underlying

current condition and whose sale is highly probable must be clas-

transaction. Any subsequent write-up is limited to the total of

sified as held for sale. These assets must be measured at fair value

impairments previously recognised.

less costs to sell, insofar as this is lower than book value. However,

The current net income from assets and disposal groups held

for interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing financial instruments

for sale is normally recognised under the same item in the income

and investment property the only accounting change is the reclas-

statement as for other assets and disposal groups without the clas-

sification to the relevant balance sheet items in accordance with

sification of being held for sale. Gains and losses on the disposal

IFRS 5. They continue to be measured in accordance with IAS 39

of disposal groups are divided up and recognised in the relevant

or IAS 40.

line of the income statement.

If impairments are established as a result of measurement in
accordance with IFRS 5, these are recognised in the correspondřm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

7

–

.

7

–

.

54

68

– 21.1

54

68

– 21.1

18

25

– 30.2

Debt instruments

18

–

.

Equity instruments

–

25

.

Fixed assets

–

520

.

Other assets

–

574

.

Total

78

1,188

– 93.4

Financial assets – Loans and Receivables
Loans and advances
Financial assets – Available for Sale
Equity instruments
Financial assets – Fair Value Option

In all cases of non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale,

as held for sale, and were reclassified accordingly. The transaction

sales agreements have either already been concluded or will be con-

is scheduled to close within the next twelve months.

Group Financial Statements

cluded shortly. The contracts are expected to be fulfilled in 2018.

In the Corporate Clients segment, a purchase agreement was

The sale of an investment relating to the credit card business in

concluded in the second quarter of 2017 for an investment relating

the Private and Small-Business Customers segment was concluded.

to the precious metals processing sector. This transaction closed

The transaction has been completed on 26 July 2017 and the

on 13 July 2017. The loans were derecognised. In the third quarter

derecognition has been made. The Group in July 2017 concluded a

of 2017, claims on customers were newly categorised as held for

contract with a business partner regarding an interest in a com-

sale and reclassified accordingly. The transaction is scheduled to

pany that operates in the instalment loan business. The closing of

close within the next twelve months.

the transaction took place during the third quarter of 2017. Fur-

In the third quarter of 2017, claims on customers (including

thermore, a decision was made in June 2017 to sell holdings in the

loan loss provisions) in the Asset & Capital Recovery segment were

fully consolidated subsidiary mLocum S.A. Lódz, Poland, as part of

newly categorised as held for sale and reclassified accordingly.

the Private and Small-Business Customers segment. The transac-

The transaction was closed in the fourth quarter of 2017 and the

tion was closed during the third quarter of 2017. In addition, a

receivables were derecognised.

decision was made in the fourth quarter of 2017 to place shares in
closed investment funds. These equity instruments were classified

Furthermore, several properties used by the Bank and classified as investment properties were sold during the financial year.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

213

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

(47) Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale
There were no liabilities from disposal groups held for sale in the
2017 financial year, which was also the case in 2016.
Tax assets and tax liabilities
Current tax assets and liabilities are calculated on the basis of the

year planning approved by the Board of Managing Directors. Fur-

expected payment to or rebate from each fiscal authority given the

thermore, recognition is justified if it is likely that a sufficient tax-

current tax rates and tax regulations applicable in the relevant

able result will be available even beyond the 5-year time frame.

country.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are formed to reflect differences between the IFRS carrying amounts of assets or liabilities

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised and – depending on the reason for the deferral – continued, either under taxes
on income in the income statement or directly in equity.

and the taxable value, provided that these temporary differences
are likely to increase or reduce future taxes on income and there is

Income tax expenses or income are reported under taxes on
income in the Group income statement.

no rule against disclosing them. In addition, deferred taxes are

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are netted if there is a right to

recognised for both tax loss carryforwards as well as for as yet

net current taxes on income and the deferred tax assets and liabili-

unused tax credits. The valuation of deferred taxes is based on

ties relate to taxes on income levied by the same fiscal authority

income tax rates already approved as at 31 December 2017 and

on the same taxable entity.

applicable upon realisation of the temporary differences.
Deferred tax assets on tax-reducing temporary differences,
unused tax losses and unused tax credits are only recognised if

Taxable temporary differences relating to shares in Commerzbank group companies for which no deferred income tax liabilities
were recognised amounted to ř242m (previous year: ř254m).

and to the extent that it is probable that the same taxable entity

The current and deferred tax assets as well as the current and

will generate taxable profit in the foreseeable future with respect

deferred tax liabilities are set out in the balance sheet and detailed

to the same fiscal authority. To assess impairment, detailed 5-year

in the notes.

fiscal profitability projections are made on the basis of the multi(48) Tax assets
31.12.2017

31.12.20161

Change in %

Current tax assets

767

629

21.9

in Germany

658

540

21.9

Outside Germany

109

89

22.5

Deferred tax assets

2,950

3,035

– 2.8

Tax assets recognised in income statement

2,483

2,662

– 6.7

467

373

25.2

3,717

3,664

1.4

řm

Tax assets not recognised in income statement
Total
Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see page 152 ff.).

Deferred tax assets represent the potential income tax charge aris-

For the following tax loss carryforwards no deferred tax assets

ing from temporary differences between the values assigned to

nor any impairments of existing deferred tax assets were recog-

assets and liabilities in the Group balance sheet in accordance

nised as at 31 December 2017 due to the limited planning horizon

with IFRS and their values for tax accounting purposes as reported

and the resulting insufficient probability of their being utilised.

by the group companies in accordance with the local tax regulations, as well as future income tax relief arising from tax carryforwards and as yet unused tax credits.

Group Financial Statements

1

214

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Tax loss carryforwards | řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

Corporation tax/federal tax

7,502

9,263

– 19.0

Can be carried forward for an unlimited period

4,452

5,814

– 23.4

Can be carried forward for a limited period 1

3,050

3,449

– 11.6

of which expires in the subsequent reporting period

–

–

.

3,323

4,692

– 29.2

Can be carried forward for an unlimited period

232

1,328

– 82.5

Can be carried forward for a limited period 1

3,091

3,364

– 8.1

–

–

.

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

700

1,022

– 31.5

2,080

3,147

– 33.9

Other financial assets

759

698

8.7

Provisions (excluding pension obligations)

51

60

– 15.0
– 72.6

Trade tax/local tax

of which expires in the subsequent reporting period
1

Expires 20 years after the date on which the tax liability arose.

Deferred tax assets are recognised mainly for domestic Group
companies, the London branch and United Kingdom subsidiaries.
They were recognised in connection with the following items:
řm
Fair values of derivative hedging instruments
Financial assets and liabilities – Held for trading

Other financial liabilities

190

694

1,030

1,099

– 6.3

796

1,152

– 30.9

Tax loss carryforwards

1,168

1,149

1.7

Deferred tax assets gross

6,774

9,021

– 24.9

Offsetting with deferred tax liabilities

– 3,824

– 5,986

– 36.1

Total

2,950

3,035

– 2.8

Change in %

Pension obligations
Other balance sheet items

(49) Tax liabilities
řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Current tax liabilities

673

672

0.1

Tax liabilities to tax authorities from income tax

49

27

81.5

Provisions for income tax

624

645

– 3.3

Deferred tax liabilities

34

49

– 30.6

Tax liabilities recognised in income statement

34

49

– 30.6

Tax liabilities not recognised in income statement

–

–

.

707

721

– 1.9

Group Financial Statements

Total

Provisions for taxes on income are potential tax liabilities which

Deferred tax liabilities represent the potential income tax

have not yet been formally assessed and potential liabilities for

charge arising from temporary differences between the values

risks associated with tax audits. The liabilities to tax authorities

assigned to assets and liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet

represent payment obligations in respect of current taxes towards

in accordance with IFRS and their values for tax accounting pur-

German and foreign tax authorities.

poses as reported by the group companies in accordance with the
local tax regulations. They were recognised in connection with the
following items:

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

řm

Further Information

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

Financial assets and liabilities – Held for trading

502

2,280

– 78.0

Fair values of derivative hedging instruments

507

716

– 29.2

1,001

1,673

– 40.2
94.4

Other financial assets
Other financial liabilities

698

359

Other balance sheet items

1,150

1,007

14.2

Deferred tax assets gross

3,858

6,035

– 36.1

Offsetting with deferred tax liabilities

– 3,824

– 5,986

– 36.1

34

49

– 30.6

Total

215

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Other assets and other liabilities
This line item presents any assets and liabilities which individually
are immaterial and which cannot be assigned to other line items.
(50) Other assets
řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

Precious metals

23

357

– 93.6

Accrued and deferred items

218

236

– 7.8

Defined benefit assets recognised

390

444

– 12.0

Other assets

1,331

1,119

18.9

Total

1,961

2,156

– 9.0

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

1,004

1,184

– 15.2

100

169

– 40.7

(51) Other liabilities
řm
Liabilities attributable to film funds
Liabilities attributable to non-controlling interests
Accrued and deferred items

274

322

– 15.0

Other liabilities

1,646

1,295

27.1

Total

3,024

2,970

1.8

In accordance with IAS 17, a lease is classified as an operating

finance leases. The present value of the lease payments is central

lease if it does not substantially transfer to the lessee all the risks

to determining the risks and rewards of the lease. If the present

and rewards incidental to ownership. By contrast, leases where the

value equals at least the amount invested into the leased asset, the

lessee bears all the substantial risks and rewards are classified as

lease is classified as a finance lease.

Group Financial Statements

(52) Leasing

216

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The Group as lessor

The payments to be made by lessees are calculated based on

The assets where the Group acts as lessor include, in particular,

the total investment costs less the residual value of the leased

chartered ships, technical equipment and machines, real estate

asset (real estate, ships) as determined at the start of the lease

and office furniture and equipment (e.g. vehicles, machinery and

agreement. During the fixed basic rental period lessees bear all

equipment).

the asset-related costs and the third-party costs of the leasing

• Operating leases

company. The risk of unexpected or partial loss of the leased asset

If the risks and rewards of ownership remain substantially with

is borne by the lessors.

the lessor (operating lease), the asset will continue to be

Lease agreements for moveable assets are structured as partial-

reported on the balance sheet. Leased assets are normally

ly amortising agreements with the possibility of subsequent pur-

reported in the Group balance sheet under other assets. Leased

chase and can be terminated. Because the fixed rental period is

assets are shown at cost, less depreciation and/or impairments

shorter in relation to the normal length of use in the case of par-

over their useful economic lives. Unless a different distribution

tially amortising agreements, only part of the total investment

is appropriate in individual cases, we recognise the proceeds

costs is amortised.

from leasing transactions on a straight-line basis over the life-

Leases which may be terminated have no fixed rental period. In

time of the lease and report them under other net income. Ship

the event of termination, a previously agreed final payment

leases usually include a fixed chartering period. The lease

becomes due, which covers the portion of the total investment

agreements usually include an option for the lessee to buy or to

costs not yet amortised. If notice of termination is not given, the

extend the lease. The ships are written off over a 25-year period.

lease rolls over. The risk of unexpected or partial loss of the leased

Investment properties let under operating leases are contained

asset is then borne again by the lessor.

in the investment properties item on the balance sheet (see
Note 45).

• Finance leases

The Group as lessee
Expenditure on operating leases is always recorded on a straight-

If virtually all the risks and rewards relating to the leased asset

line basis over the life of the lease agreement and reported under

are transferred to the lessee (finance lease), the Commerzbank

operating expenses.

Group recognises a claim on the lessee. The claim is shown at
its net present value (net investment value at the inception of

Finance leases where the Commerzbank Group is a lessee are
of minor significance.

the lease less repayments). Lease payments received (annuities)
are divided into an interest portion and a repayment portion.

Lessor disclosures – operating leases

The income is recognised as interest income over the lifetime

Commerzbank acts as a lessor in operating lease arrangements.

of the lease.

No contingent rents have been agreed in the leases.
The following minimum lease payments stemming from noncancellable leases will accrue to the Commerzbank Group over the
next few years from operating leases granted:
31.12.2017

31.12.20161

up to 1 year

126

143

in 1 year up to 5 years

469

529

in more than 5 years

171

323

Total

766

995

Group Financial Statements

Maturity | řm

1

Prior-year figures restated due to a correction in minimum lease payments. A retrospective correction of ř758m was made
for the total minimum lease payments. The correction pertains only to this note; it had no impact on the balance sheet,
the statement of comprehensive income or the earnings per share.

Impairment losses of ř17m were reversed and recognised as
income during the financial year.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

217

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Lessor disclosures – finance leases
Commerzbank acts as a lessor for finance leases. As at the balance

office equipment) and to a lesser extent leased real estate. The

sheet date, these leases primarily comprised technical equipment

relationship between gross investments and net present value of

and machines, office furniture and equipment (e.g. vehicles and

the minimum lease payments was as follows:

řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Outstanding lease payments

2,564

2,337

+ guaranteed residual values

98

90

= minimum lease payments

2,663

2,427

+ non-guaranteed residual values

4

8

2,667

2,435

of which from sale and leaseback transactions

477

405

– unrealised financial income

218

194

2,450

2,242

= gross investments

= net investments
– net present value of non-guaranteed residual values

3

6

= net present value of minimum lease payments

2,446

2,235

of which from sale and leaseback transactions

426

361

The minimum lease payments include the total lease instalments

The accumulated allowance for uncollectible minimum lease

to be paid by the lessee under the lease agreement plus the guar-

payments receivable was ř46m (previous year: ř46m). In addition,

anteed residual value. The non-guaranteed residual value is esti-

ř4m (previous year: ř7m) of contingent rents were recognised as

mated at the beginning of the lease agreement and reviewed at the

income in the year under review.

reporting date on a regular basis. Unrealised financial income is

The term of the gross investment and net present values of the

equivalent to the interest implicit in the lease agreement between

minimum lease payments from non-cancellable finance leases

the reporting date and the end of the contract.

broke down as follows:
Gross investments

of which from sale and leaseback
transactions

řm

2017

2016

2017

2016

up to 1 year

746

683

102

76

1 year up to 5 years

1,623

1,517

330

248

more than 5 years

298

236

45

81

2,667

2,435

477

405

Total

Residual terms as at 31.12.

Net present value of minimum lease
payments

of which from sale and leaseback
transactions

řm

2017

2016

2017

2016

up to 1 year

676

619

88

64

1 year up to 5 years

1,509

1,407

298

222

more than 5 years

261

210

39

75

2,446

2,235

426

361

Total

Group Financial Statements

Residual terms as at 31.12.

218

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Lessee disclosures – operating leases
The Group’s existing obligations arising from operating leases

ture and equipment and in 2017 led to expenses of ř448m (previ-

involve rental and leasing agreements for buildings, office furni-

ous year: ř320m). The breakdown of the expenses was as follows:

řm

2017

20161

Minimum lease payments

174

70

Payments for terminable agreements

17

8

Conditional payments

261

242

less sublease income

4

5

448

315

Total
1

Prior year restated.

For rental and lease agreements that cannot be terminated, the
following expenses are forecast for future years:
Residual terms as at 31.12.
řm

Non-cancellable rental and leasing
contracts
2017

20161

2017

20161

443
1,338

324

52

24

897

211

96

998

767

397

146

2,780

1,989

661

267

up to 1 year
1 year up to 5 years
more than 5 years
Total
1

of which from sale and leaseback
transactions

Prior-year figures restated due to a correction in future expenses. A retrospective correction of ř357m was made for the
future expenses associated with rental and lease agreements that cannot be terminated. In addition, ř221m for future
expenses from sale-and-leaseback transactions was restated. The correction pertains only to this note; it had no impact
on the balance sheet, the statement of comprehensive income or the earnings per share.

For real estate, mostly rental agreements were concluded, but

not entail any restrictions with respect to the future payment of

occasionally also lease agreements. These lease agreements are

dividends or contracting of additional debt.

usually long term and include opt-out clauses, options for the les-

Subletting agreements have been signed for buildings no longer

see to extend the lease for follow-up periods or price adjustment

in use in the Commerzbank Group. These leases are non-

clauses. Price adjustment clauses exist in a number of different

cancellable. The following income will accrue to the Commerz-

forms such as step-up leases and index clauses. Lease agreements

bank Group in the next few years from these leases:

Group Financial Statements

may also include purchase options. Operating lease agreements do
Due date | řm

2017

up to 1 year

18

2016
7

1 year up to 5 years

72

35

more than 5 years

85

75

Total

174

117

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

219

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

(53) Other commitments
Payment commitments to Group-external entities and non-

as a result of support provided for banks in which Commerzbank

consolidated entities on shares not fully paid up were immaterial

holds a majority interest.

in the current financial year (previous year: ř38.4m).
In accordance with Art. 5 (10) of the statutes of the German
banks’ Deposit Insurance Fund, we have undertaken to indemnify

Securities with a book value of ř7,857m (previous year:
ř8,946m) were furnished as collateral for obligations on forward
exchanges and clearing houses.

the Association of German Banks, Berlin, for any losses incurred
Provisions and employee benefits
A provision must be shown if on the balance sheet date, as the

proceedings, provisions are recognised for the legal and court fees

result of an event in the past, a current legal or factual obligation

and ancillary costs, although this may vary based on the specific

has arisen, an outflow of resources to meet this obligation is likely

practices in each country. In passive proceedings provisions are

and it is possible to make a reliable estimate of the amount of this

also recognised for the value in dispute on each balance sheet date

obligation. Accordingly, we make provisions for liabilities of an

based on an estimate of the probability of loss. However, the

uncertain amount to third parties and anticipated losses arising

Group’s final liability may differ from the provisions that have been

from pending transactions in the amount of the claims expected.

recognised, as a high degree of judgement is involved in assessing

The amount recognised as a provision represents the best possible

the probability of uncertain liabilities in such legal proceedings and

estimate of the expense required to meet the current obligation as

quantifying them. These estimates may turn out to be inaccurate at

at the reporting date. Risks and uncertainties (including with

a later stage of the proceedings. Legal risks for which no provisions

regard to the actual level of the costs at the date of any utilisation

have been recognised are reported as contingent liabilities (see

of the provision and potential increases in costs for long-term pro-

Note 56).

ognised at their net present value if they are long-term.

Restructuring provisions are recognised if the Commerzbank
Group has a detailed formal restructuring plan and has already

Allocations to the different types of provisions are made via var-

begun implementing this plan or has announced the main details

ious items in the income statement. Provisions for lending busi-

of the restructuring. The detailed plan must contain information

ness are charged to loan loss provisions and provisions for

on the departments and main locations involved, the approximate

restructuring are charged to restructuring expenses. Other provi-

number of staff whose jobs are affected by the restructuring, the

sions are generally charged to operating expenses and released

costs involved and the period during which the restructuring will

through other net income.

be carried out. The detailed plan must be communicated in such a

Companies within the Commerzbank Group are involved both

way that those affected can expect it to be realised. The restructur-

in Germany and other countries in court and arbitration cases

ing expenses item in the income statement can contain further

(legal proceedings) and in out-of-court and supervisory proceed-

direct restructuring expenses which are not included in the

ings (recourse claims) as defendants and claimants or in other

restructuring provision.

ways. Moreover, legal cases in which Commerzbank and its sub-

Provisions for pensions and similar commitments are recog-

sidiaries are not directly involved could have an impact on the

nised for occupational pension schemes. These comprise pension

Group because of their fundamental importance for the banking

commitments under both defined benefit and defined contribution

sector. The Group recognises appropriate provisions for proceed-

pension plans. Defined benefit plans exist for obligations from

ings and recourse claims, with the charge shown in other net in-

pension entitlements and current benefits based on a direct pen-

come, if a loss is likely and can be determined sufficiently

sion commitment on the part of Commerzbank, where the level of

accurately. Recourse claims relate, for example, to reimburse-

the pension payment is pre-defined and dependent on factors such

ments of processing fees for consumer loans which have been

as age, salary level and length of service. Provisions are estab-

ruled as invalid and possible claims from customer misselling. In

lished for these plans. In contrast, the contributions paid for

the case of provisions for legal proceedings, the procedure differs

defined contribution pension plans are recognised directly under

depending on whether a company within the Group is the claimant

personnel expenses.

(active proceedings) or defendant (passive proceedings). In active

Group Financial Statements

visions) are taken into account in the estimate. Provisions are rec-

220

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

(54) Provisions
řm

2017

2016

Change in %

Provisions for pensions and similar commitments

890

1,356

– 34.3

Other provisions

2,401

2,080

15.4

Total

3,291

3,436

– 4.2

Provisions for pensions and similar commitments
The provisions for pensions and similar commitments comprise

ř811m (previous year: ř1,287m) and provisions for early retire-

provisions for pension entitlements of active and former em-

ment of ř80m (previous year: ř69m).

ployees and pension entitlements of pensioners in the amount of

The interest and operating expenses for pensions and other
employee benefits consist of the following components:

řm

2017

2016

Change in %

Expenses for defined benefit plans

84

85

– 0.7

Expenses for defined contribution plans

99

77

27.5

Other pension benefits (early retirement and part-time scheme for
older staff)

51

36

41.0

Other pension-related expenses

20

9

.

Expenses for pensions and similar employee benefits

254

208

22.0

Group Financial Statements

a) Defined benefit plans
Pension obligations, pension-related obligations (age-related

increases. The future change in salaries does not have a material

short-time working schemes, early retirement), obligations for

influence on the amount of the pension obligation due to the struc-

long-service awards and pension expense for defined benefit plans

ture of the respective pension plans both in Germany and abroad.

are calculated annually by independent actuaries using the pro-

As a result, the parameter and its sensitivities are not disclosed.

jected unit credit method. The underlying actuarial parameters are

For German pension obligations, the discount factor is deter-

based on the norms in the country in which the pension plan was

mined using a proprietary Commerzbank model derived from

established. Apart from biometric assumptions (the Heubeck-

eurozone swap rates with the same maturity and adjusted by a

Richttafeln 2005 G in Germany and country-specific biometric

spread premium for high-quality corporate bonds.

tables in other countries), the actuaries rely in particular on a cur-

The parameters outside Germany are shown on the basis of

rent discount rate based on the yield on high-quality, long-term

weighted averages taking account of the respective relevant pen-

corporate bonds, as well as expected future rates of pension

sion plans.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

%

Further Information

221

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Discount rate

1.9

1.8

Adjustment to pensions

1.6

1.6

Discount rate

1.8

2.6

Adjustment to pensions

1.6

1.5

Discount rate

2.5

2.7

Adjustment to pensions

2.9

2.9

Discount rate

2.7

3.7

Adjustment to pensions

2.9

2.7

Parameters for pension plans in Germany
for determining the pension obligation at year-end

for determining the pension expenses in the financial year

Parameters for pension plans outside Germany
for determining the pension obligation at year-end

For employees entitled to pension benefits who joined Commerz-

Germany with the CPT also provide insolvency insurance for the

bank Aktiengesellschaft or certain other consolidated companies

direct occupational pension commitments funded by plan assets.

before 31 December 2004, the pension entitlements are based on

The insolvency insurance covers all vested benefits of active and

the regulations of the Commerzbank modular plan for company

former employees and all current benefits being paid to pensioners.

pension benefits, known as the CBA. The amount of the benefits

It covers the portion of vested or current benefits that are not cov-

under CBA consists of an initial module for the period up to

ered by Pensions-Sicherungs-Verein (PSV), the German pensions

31 December 2004, plus a benefit module – possibly augmented by

insurance fund. The trust agreements do not require the trustor

a dynamic module – for each contributory year from 2005 onwards;

companies to pay in contributions. However, the plan assets must

the benefits are structured as a lifelong pension with the option to

cover the liabilities not covered by PSV at all times. The companies

take a lump sum. Staff joining the Bank after 1 January 2005 have

that are party to the agreements may only request rebates from the

pension rights under the Commerzbank capital plan for company

plan assets for pension benefits that have been paid up to this limit.

pension benefits, known as the CKA. The CKA guarantees a mini-

The investment guidelines for the German plan assets are laid

mum benefit on the modular basis, but also offers additional oppor-

down jointly by the Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank

tunities for higher pension benefits through investing assets in

Aktiengesellschaft and the CPT. There are no legal requirements

investment funds.

for the investment guidelines. The investment management is car-

Since 1 January 2010 the direct pension arrangements for staff

ried out by the Executive Pension Committee (EPC), which follows

formerly employed by Dresdner Bank Aktiengesellschaft have also

a liability-driven investment (LDI) approach as part of its Asset

been based on the company pension modules (CBA).

Liability Management. It also sets the framework for determining

Furthermore, some foreign subsidiaries and branches, pri-

the actuarial assumptions. The main aim of the EPC’s investment

marily in the United Kingdom and the USA, also have defined

strategy is to replicate the future cash flows for the pension liabili-

benefit plans.

ties using derivatives for interest rates, inflation and credit spreads,

In addition to the occupational pension plans, there is an inter-

with the aim of reducing the risks directly attributable to the future

nally-financed healthcare plan in the United Kingdom which enti-

development of the pension liabilities. Apart from the usual pen-

tles members in retirement to reimbursement of medical costs or a

sion risks such as inflation and biometric risks there are no other

contribution to private medical insurance. The resulting obliga-

unusual risks at Commerzbank. The portfolio of the plan assets is

tions are accounted for according to the rules for defined benefit

well-diversified and mainly comprises fixed-income securities,

pension plans as specified by IAS 19.

equities and alternative investments.

In order to meet the direct pension liabilities in Germany, cover

The pension plans outside Germany have their own trust struc-

assets were transferred to a legally independent trustee, Commerz-

tures independent from the CPT. Overall, they currently represent

bank Pension Trust e. V. (CPT) under a Contractual Trust Arrange-

around 14 % of the Group’s total pension liabilities. The EPC also

ment (CTA). The assets held by CPT and the cover assets for

acts as the steering committee for the plan assets of the foreign

pension obligations in our foreign units qualify as plan assets with-

pension plans. Different national regulations also apply in each of

in the definition of IAS 19.8. The trust agreements signed by

the foreign countries. However, these plans also generally use an

Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and other group companies in

LDI approach. The biggest plan sponsors outside Germany are the

Group Financial Statements

for determining the pension expenses in the financial year

222

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Group units in London (around 86 %), New York and Amsterdam,

income. In the reporting year, this was based on a curtailment in

which all together account for around 96 % of the non-German

the existing pension obligations in Germany, resulting from the

pension liabilities. Most of the foreign pension schemes are fund-

reduction in personnel under the social plan. Net interest

ed defined benefit plans. In some cases, there are also pension

expense/income (net interest cost) is calculated as the difference

liabilities on a small scale outside Germany that are not covered by

between the present value of the obligation and the fair value of

plan assets.

the plan assets. When calculating the pension obligation with

The net liability or net asset resulting from the present value of
the defined benefit obligations less the fair value of the plan assets,
subject, if applicable, to the asset ceiling, is recognised in the balance sheet.

plans, the discount rate is applied.
The difference between the remeasurement of the pension obligation on the balance sheet date as compared with the value pro-

The pension expense for defined benefit plans, which is report-

jected at the beginning of the year is the actuarial gain or loss.

ed under personnel expenses and in net interest income, consists

Actuarial profits and losses are, like the return on plan assets (with

of the service cost and the net interest cost. The service cost arises

the exception of amounts contained in net interest expense/

from changes in the pension obligation of past years as a result of

income), recognised directly in retained earnings within equity

changes in pension commitments. Apart from the current service

and are reported in the statement of comprehensive income.

cost, which represents the entitlements earned by members during the financial year, this also includes the past service cost or

Group Financial Statements

respect to the net liability and plan assets under defined benefit

The net debt of the defined benefit obligation changed as
follows:

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Pension obligation

Further Information

Plan assets

Net debt

řm

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

As at 1.1. current year

9,729

8,547

– 8,765

– 7,892

964

655

Service cost

88

82

–

–

88

82

Past service cost

– 15

–7

–

–

– 15

–7

Curtailments/settlements

1

–

–

–

1

–

Interest expense/income

184

229

– 172

– 219

12

10

Remeasurement

– 116

1,386

– 90

– 828

– 206

559

–

–

– 90

– 828

– 90

– 828

Gain or loss on plan assets excluding
amounts already recognised in net
interest expense/income
Experience adjustments

9

– 58

–

–

9

– 58

Adjustments in financial assumptions

– 109

1,443

–

–

– 109

1,443

Adjustments in demographic
assumptions

– 16

1

–

–

– 16

1

Pension payments

– 393

– 339

132

80

– 261

– 259

Settlement payments

–4

–

4

–

–

–

Change in the group of consolidated
companies

0

–0

–

–

0

–0

Exchange rate changes

– 58

– 171

66

214

9

44

Employer contributions

–

–

– 155

– 119

– 155

– 119

Employee contributions

2

2

–2

–2

0

0

Reclassifications/other changes

4

1

–

–0

4

0

9,421

9,729

– 8,982

– 8,765

439

964

of which provision for pension

811

1,287

of which recognition of defined benefit
assets

372

323

As at 31.12. current year

In the 2018 financial year, employer contributions of ř24m to plan
assets for defined benefit pension plans are expected, as well as
pension payments of ř254m.

223

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

The asset ceiling had no effects within Commerzbank, and the
net debt may therefore be equated with the financing status.
The geographical breakdown of the pension obligations was as

řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Germany

8,066

8,243

United Kingdom

1,164

1,274

America

89

103

Others

102

109

Total

9,421

9,729

The sensitivity analysis shown here reflects the changes in the

were determined using the same methods – in particular, the pro-

assumption; the other assumptions remain unchanged from the

jected unit credit method – as used for the measurement of pen-

original calculation, i.e. potential correlation effects between the

sion obligations as at the year-end. A change in the corresponding

individual assumptions are not accounted for. The effects of the

assumptions as at 31 December 2017 would have the following

assumption changes on the present value of the pension liabilities

effects on the obligation:

Group Financial Statements

follows:

224

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Discount rate +50bps

– 787

– 841

Discount rate – 50bps

909

976

Interest rate sensitivity

Pension adjustment sensitivity
Adjustment to pensions +50bps

536

560

Adjustment to pensions – 50bps

– 488

– 511

336

348

Mortality rate (life expectancy) change sensitivity
Reduction in mortality by 10 %1
1

The reduction in mortality by 10% for all ages results in an average increase in life expectancy of around one year at age 65.

The breakdown of the plan assets was as follows:
%

2017

2016

Active market

Inactive market

Active market

Inactive market

Fixed-income securities/bond funds

46.5

21.3

52.0

19.1

Shares/equity funds

8.2

1.5

6.1

2.5

Other investment fund units

0.3

0.6

0.1

0.6

Liquid assets

3.7

–

0.3

–

Asset-backed securities

4.9

1.9

2.8

3.4

Derivates

9.9

1.1

12.3

1.2

Others

–

0.1

– 0.1

– 0.3

As at 31 December 2017, the plan assets did not include material

The weighted average duration of the pension obligations was

amounts of securities issued by the Group or other claims upon it.

18.3 years (previous year: 19.0 years). The anticipated maturities

Nor did they include any mortgage securities used by the Group.

of undiscounted pension obligations are as follows:

řm

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2023–2027

Expected pension payments

308

297

308

312

319

1,695

The pension payments expected for 2018 include around ř12m
resulting from the wind-up and one-time settlement of the former
pension plan in Ireland.

Group Financial Statements

b) Defined contribution plans
Commerzbank is a member of the BVV pension scheme, to which

liable for meeting the pension commitment provided through BVV.

other financial institutions in Germany also belong. The payment

However, no provisions for the BVV pension commitment were

of employer and employee contributions to BVV and the rendering

recognised either in the current or previous business years, as

of benefits by BVV to the employees of the member companies in

recourse to this statutory liability is regarded as unlikely.

Germany are based on the applicable BVV regulations. It involves

Furthermore, some foreign subsidiaries and branches, primarily

defined benefit plans which are shared jointly by several em-

in the United Kingdom and the USA, also have defined contribu-

ployers. However, they are accounted for as defined contribution

tion plans.

plans, as we do not have enough information on our share of the

The expenses for defined contribution plans included ř82m

overall defined benefit obligation of each BVV plan and on the

(previous year: ř59m) in payments to defined contribution plans in

share of the relevant plan assets attributable to us. The contribu-

Germany. Contributions in 2018 are expected to be around the

tions paid to BVV are recognised in personnel expenses. Under

same amount.

the German occupational pensions legislation, the employer is

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

225

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Other provisions
a) Provisions for off-balance-sheet lending exposures
řm

As at
1.1.2017

Allocations

Utilisation

Reversals

Specific risks in lending business

76

75

0

Portfolio risks in lending business

129

5

–

Total

205

80

0

Reclassifications/
Change in the
group of
consolidated
companies/
Others

As at
31.12.2017

41

2

112

34

–1

99

75

1

211

Reclassifications/
Change in
the group of
consolidated
companies/
Others

As at
31.12.2017

For information on the principles we observe when establishing
provisions for off-balance-sheet lending exposures, please refer to
the explanations in Notes 62 to 64 on credit risks and credit losses.
b) Other provisions

řm

As at
1.1.2017

Allocations

Utilisation

Reversals

Unwinding
of discount

Personnel provisions

607

404

354

50

0

–2

605

Restructuring measures

425

810

127

57

0

– 200

850

Legal proceedings and recourse
claims

339

119

46

110

0

–1

301

Other

505

197

187

55

2

– 28

433

Total

1,875

1,530

714

273

2

– 230

2,190

The personnel provisions are predominantly short-term in nature,

provisions cover the costs expected according to our judgement as

but also include provisions for service anniversaries, which are by

at the balance sheet date. We have not set out the provision

their nature long-term and are utilised successively in following

amounts individually to avoid influencing the outcome of the vari-

reporting periods. They also contain provisions for the long-term

ous proceedings.

cash component of the Commerzbank Incentive Plan which are

• Commerzbank and its subsidiaries operate in a large number of

utilised after the expiry of the 3-year vesting period. The provi-

jurisdictions subject to different legal and regulatory require-

sions listed under Other mostly have a residual term of under one

ments. In isolated cases in the past, infringements of legal and

year.

regulatory provisions have come to light and have been prose-

The restructuring provisions are largely attributable to the are-

cuted by government agencies and institutions. Some compa-

as of Human Resources and Organisation. We expect these provi-

nies within the Group are currently still involved in a number of

sions to be utilised in the period from 2018 to 2020.

such cases.

• Commerzbank and its subsidiaries are especially active in the
Legal disputes

area of investment advisory within the Private and Small-

In case of legal proceedings for which provisions need to be rec-

Business Customers segment. The legal requirements for inves-

ognised and which are reported in other provisions under legal

tor- and investment-oriented advisory services have been made

proceedings and recourse claims, neither the duration of the pro-

more rigorous, especially in recent years. Commerzbank and its

ceedings nor the level of utilisation of the provision can be pre-

subsidiaries have consequently been involved in a number of

dicted with certainty at the date the provision is recognised. The

legal disputes, some of which are still pending, with investors

Group Financial Statements

Other provisions changed as follows in the financial year:

226

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

who claim to have received poor or inadequate investment

tion. A number of investors and creditors of these banks have

advice and who demand compensation for damages or the

launched various legal actions in Uruguay and Argentina

reversal of investment transactions where information regarding

against the subsidiary, and, in some cases, Commerzbank as

commission fees was lacking (e.g. for closed-end funds).

well, alleging liability as shareholders of the bankrupt compa-

• Following a ruling by the German Federal Court of Justice in

nies as well as breaches of duty by the persons nominated by

October 2014 declaring that non-term-related processing fees in

the subsidiary for the banks’ supervisory boards. In addition,

preformulated contractual terms and conditions for consumer

the subsidiary was involved in two funds which raised money

loans were invalid, a large number of customers have lodged

from investors and were managed by third parties. The liquida-

claims with Commerzbank for repayment of the processing fees.

tors of these funds have launched court proceedings in the USA

In its ruling given at the beginning of July 2017, the German

demanding the repayment of amounts received by the subsidi-

Federal Court of Justice extended the principles on the invalidity

• An investor is claiming compensation from Commerzbank and

tual terms and conditions to loan agreements concluded

other defendants due to an alleged incorrect prospectus in

between banks and entrepreneurs. Commerzbank anticipates

connection with the flotation of a company on the stock market.

the recovery of the corresponding charges by its customers.

In addition, the company’s insolvency administrator has raised

• Commerzbank is exposed to claims from customers owing to

recourse claims against the company arising from its joint lia-

“cancellation joker” (“Widerrufsjoker”) issues. Following a

bility and for other legal reasons. The action was rejected by

change in the law, according to which any right to cancel loan

the court of first instance. The claimants are appealing against

agreements concluded between 2002 and 2010 could lapse no

this decision. Should the claimants win their appeal in the

later than on 21 June 2016, many borrowers cancelled their

higher courts, Commerzbank expects that recourse claims

agreements and asserted that the information given to them

against other members of the consortium and third parties will

about cancellation when they concluded the agreement had

be possible based on the contractual agreements.

been deficient. Some of them took legal action against the Bank

• Investors in a fund managed by a Commerzbank subsidiary

when it refused to accept their cancellation, intending to im-

active in asset management have sued this subsidiary for com-

mediately pay back the loan prior to the expiry of the fixed in-

pensation arising from a lending commitment allegedly made

terest term without having to compensate the Bank for the loss

by the subsidiary in the course of a joint venture project. The

incurred as a consequence of the early repayment. The Bank
contested these actions.

case is ongoing.

• A subsidiary of Commerzbank was sued by a customer in May

• In the past few years, Commerzbank and its subsidiaries have

2014 for compensation due to alleged fraudulent misselling of

sold a number of subsidiaries and equity holdings in Germany

derivative transactions. The subsidiary has defended itself

and abroad as well as some major properties. These contracts

against the claim.

contain guarantees and certain indemnities and financial com-

• A class action lawsuit was granted in May 2017 against a

mitments and could lead to claims being raised against the

Commerzbank subsidiary, and a notice of initiation of the class

Commerzbank Group. In some cases, complaints have been

action proceedings was published. The subject matter of the

filed claiming failure to honour the agreements in question.

lawsuit is the alleged ineffectiveness of index clauses in loan

• A subsidiary of Commerzbank was involved in two South

agreements denominated in foreign currency. The subsidiary

American banks which in the meantime have gone into liquida-

Group Financial Statements

ary from the funds.

of non-term-related processing fees in preformulated contrac-

has defended itself against the claim.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

227

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

(55) Share-based remuneration plans
Significant share-based remuneration plans
a) Commerzbank-Incentive-Plan (CIP)
The Commerzbank Incentive Plan (CIP), which was first launched

An individual’s variable remuneration is determined on the

in 2011, has been revised in response to changing regulatory

basis of the results of their annual target attainment meeting (per-

requirements. The CIP sets out the detailed rules for variable

formance appraisal I), which is held in the first three months of the

remuneration and applies to the entire Commerzbank Group. In

following year. The number of Commerzbank shares granted is set

some locations different or supplementary CIP rules apply reflect-

at the same time as the variable remuneration for both the STI and

ing local legal or employment law requirements.

the LTI. If risk takers receive share-based remuneration compo-

Under the CIP, employees designated as “risk takers” can

nents, the number of Commerzbank shares is calculated by divid-

receive parts of their individual variable remuneration as a cash

ing 50% of the euro amounts in the STI and the LTI by the

component and a stock component linked to the performance of

subscription price. If there are any fractional amounts the number

the Commerzbank share. The variable remuneration consists of a

of shares is rounded up. The subscription price is the simple

short-term incentive (STI) and, in the case of risk takers whose

arithmetic average of the Xetra closing prices of the Commerzbank

variable remuneration exceeds the risk taker limit, a long-term

share on all trading days during the reference period (December

incentive (LTI).

of the previous year and January and February of the next year).

A risk taker is an employee whose role has a material impact on

Under the rules of the share-based remuneration components

Commerzbank’s overall risk profile. The criteria include the func-

Commerzbank has the right to make a payment in cash rather than

tion carried out by the employee, the group to which the employee

in shares. Use is made of this option as a rule. In the STI, the

belongs and whether certain requirements determined by the

shares, or the optional cash settlement, are subject to a 6-month

Bank are met. Depending on the employee’s hierarchical level and

lockup (“retention period”). The share component of the STI is

the risk relevance of their role, the Bank designates what kind of

currently paid in October of the following financial year.

risk taker the employee is: “risk taker I” or “risk taker II”. Risk

In the LTI, the shares can be acquired at the earliest after the

taker I status applies to employees whose role entails a higher risk

expiry of the deferral period, currently three years, provided there

relevance.

are no other grounds under performance appraisal II to block the

The risk taker limit is the amount up to which the payment of a

allocation. Performance appraisal II is held in the first three

risk taker’s entire variable remuneration for a financial year as a

months after the end of the deferral period and consists of a

cash STI payment is tolerated by the supervisory authorities, sub-

review of the underlying performance appraisal I and fulfilment of

ject to general salary levels in the banking sector. For risk takers

individual and group-specific qualitative targets during the defer-

whose variable remuneration does not exceed the risk taker limit,

ral period. If entitlement is confirmed, the final availability of the

and for employees without risk taker status (non-risk takers), vari-

shares or the optional cash settlement in the LTI is also subject to

able remuneration is paid entirely as STI in cash rather than

a 6-month retention period. The LTI is currently paid out in

shares. Only if the risk taker limit is exceeded is the variable

October of the fourth year after the underlying financial year.

the CIP rules applying to these components.
The following rules apply once the risk taker limit has been

In the event of a cash settlement of the share component the
cash amount is calculated on the basis of the simple arithmetic
average of Xetra closing prices of the Commerzbank share on all

exceeded:

trading days during the reference period. The reference period is

• For the risk taker I category, the STI component is 40% and

the month of September preceding the due date of the relevant

the LTI component is 60% of the potential variable remuneration. 50% of both the STI and LTI are paid in shares.

• For the risk taker II category, the STI component is 60% and
the LTI component is 40% of the potential variable remuneration. 50% of both the STI and LTI are paid in shares.

share-based remuneration component.

Group Financial Statements

remuneration divided up into STI and LTI components subject to

228

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

If Commerzbank has paid dividends or carried out capital

Management Board of our subsidiary could participate in these

actions during the term of the CIP, an additional cash amount

plans from 2009 to 2011. The first plan provided for the subscrip-

equal to the dividend, or a cash settlement for the capital action,

tion of mBank shares. The second plan (modified in 2010) allows

will be paid out when the STI and LTI components mature.

for an amount to be drawn in cash corresponding to the Commerz-

The various remuneration components are estimated in the

bank share value. The last payout was made in 2016. In 2012 a

underlying financial year on the basis of budget forecasts, and

new share-based programme was launched in which members of

provisions are recognised proportionally over the lifetime of the

the Management Board could participate up until 2017. Until 2013

plans. Moreover, regular reviews, revaluations based on move-

this programme comprised both a short-term component (cash

ments in the share price and/or adjustments of the amounts are

payment) and a long-term component which entitled the partici-

carried out throughout the lifetime of the CIP.

pants to make regular subscriptions to mBank shares over a period
of three years. The programme was modified in 2014 and now

b) Share Awards

consists of cash payments and the subscription of mBank shares in

Share awards are a deferred component of variable compensation

both components over three years. Similar to the 2008 programme,

where

a given quantity of these shares were issued each year and made

non-pay-scale

employees

of

Commerzbank

Aktien-

gesellschaft are allocated virtual Commerzbank shares.

available to those entitled for purchase at a pre-determined price.

The Commerzbank Incentive Plan (CIP) was introduced as a

In addition, a significant number of risk takers were added to this

result of the Banking Remuneration Regulation (Instituts-Vergüt-

programme in 2015. In all of these programmes, participation is

ungsverordnung), which became law in Germany in October

linked to a minimum return on equity by the mBank sub-group.

2010. For the financial years from 2011 onwards, share awards

The long-term component of the programme from 2012 (modified

were therefore used for selected employees only and they

in 2014) is also linked to the participants’ performance assessment.

expired in 2017.

Both plans, which entitle the participants to subscribe to

Group Financial Statements

mBank shares (2008 and 2012, modified in 2014), are classified as
c) mBank S.A.

share-based payments settled in the form of equity instruments.

In 2008, mBank SA launched two share-based remuneration plans

The second programme from 2008 is accounted for as a cash-

for the members of its Management Board. The members of the

settled share-based compensation transaction.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

229

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

d) Remuneration of the Board of Managing Directors

Aktiengesellschaft share price. This affects the portion of the

Please refer to the separate Remuneration Report in the Group

share-based variable remuneration that was determined using

Management Report for a detailed account of the remuneration of

an average price for the Commerzbank share. The price itself is

members of the Board of Managing Directors (p.27.ff.).

determined as the average Xetra closing price of the months of
January and February plus December of the previous year. In

Accounting treatment and measurement of share-based

the case of share awards the portion of the provisions attribut-

remuneration plans

able to share awards is reassigned from other personnel provi-

The staff compensation plans are accounted for under the rules of

sions to the provision for share awards at the date of the award.

IFRS 2 – Share-based Payment and IAS 19 – Employee Benefits. A

The provision is calculated as the product of the number of

distinction is made between share-based remuneration payments

rights allocated multiplied by the average Xetra closing price

settled in the form of equity instruments and those settled in cash.

of Commerzbank shares in January and February of the year of

For both forms, however, the granting of share-based remunera-

the award and December of the previous year. The provisions

tion has to be recognised at fair value in the Group Financial

fluctuate on each balance sheet date in parallel with the per-

Statements.

formance of the Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft share price.

• Equity-settled share-based remuneration transactions:

Discounts are not applied for staff natural wastage as the share

The fair value of share-based remuneration payments settled in

awards do not lapse on the departure or death of an employee.

the form of equity instruments is recognised as personnel

If Commerzbank pays dividends during the vesting period, a

expense within equity in retained earnings. The fair value is

cash payment equal to the dividend, or cash compensation for

determined on the date on which the rights are granted. If

a capital action, will be paid out for each CIP and share award

rights cannot be exercised because the conditions for exercise

at the payout date in addition to the payout value. Provisions

are not met due to market conditions, no change is made to the
amounts already recognised in equity. However, if rights can-

are recognised for these payments if applicable.

• Measurement:

not be exercised because other conditions for exercise are not

The provision for the Commerzbank incentive plan and the

met (service and non-market conditions), the amounts already

share awards is determined by multiplying the number of

recognised in equity are adjusted through profit or loss.

shares earned by participants by the closing price of the

• Cash-settled share-based remuneration transactions:

Commerzbank share on 31 December of the reporting year.

The portion of the fair value of share-based remuneration pay-

The value of Commerzbank shares for the second mBank pro-

ments settled in cash that relates to services performed up to

gramme from 2008 is calculated by using average market

the date of measurement is recognised as personnel expense

prices of the Commerzbank share on the date the shares were

while at the same time being recorded as a provision. The fair

granted. The expense for the allocations to the provisions can

value is recalculated on each balance sheet date up to and

also be recognised over the vesting period, depending on the

including the settlement date. Any change in the fair value of

remuneration plan.

the date of settlement, therefore, the provision must corre-

Expenses relating to share-based payments were incurred in

spond as closely as possible to the amount payable to the eligi-

the 2017 financial year in connection with services already ren-

ble employees. The provisions fluctuate on each balance sheet

dered by employees (including the Board of Managing Directors).

date in parallel with the performance of the Commerzbank

Expense for share-based payments was as follows:

řm
Cash-settled plans
of which Commerzbank Incentive Plan

2017

2016

43

20

43

20

Equity-settled plans

2

2

Total

46

22

Group Financial Statements

the obligation must be recognised through profit or loss. On

230

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The provisions for cash-settled plans and the reserves in equity for
plans settled with equity instruments were as follows:
řm
Provisions

2017

2016

65

55

of which Share Awards

0

1

of which Commerzbank Incentive Plan

65

54

7

8

Equity reserves

Share Awards. The number of rights outstanding under the share
award programmes developed as follows during the financial year:
Number of awards
units

Share Awards

Balance as at 1.1.2016

7,791

Granted during the year

–

Forfeited during the year

–

Exercised during the year

4,105

Expired during the year

–

Balance as at 31.12.2016

3,686

Forfeited during the year

–

Exercised during the year
Expired during the year

–
3,565

Balance as at 31.12.2017

–

Balance as at 31.12.2017

121

Commerzbank-Incentive-Plan. The number of shares changed as
follows in the current reporting year::
Number of awards
units
Balance as at 1.1.2016

3,492,061

Granted during the year

3,785,377

Forfeited during the year

86,921

Exercised during the year

2,953,614

Expired during the year

Group Financial Statements

CommerzbankIncentive-Plan

–

Balance as at 31.12.2016

4,236,903

Granted during the year

1,664,336

Forfeited during the year

–

Exercised during the year

2,026,863

Expired during the year
Balance as at 31.12.2017

–
3,874,376

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

231

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Off-balance sheet transactions
(56) Contingent liabilities and lending commitments
This item mainly shows contingent liabilities arising from guaran-

• standby letters of credit, which enhance a customer’s credit

tees and indemnity agreements as well as irrevocable lending

standing and enable the customer to obtain trade finance at a

commitments at their nominal value.

lower cost;

Situations where the reporting company acts as guarantor to

• documentary credits for trade finance payments, which are

the creditor of a third party for the fulfilment of a liability of that

made on behalf of a customer and where the Group is reim-

third party must be shown as guarantees. Indemnity agreements

bursed at a later date;

include contractual obligations that involve taking responsibility

• standby facilities for short-term debt instruments and debt

for a particular outcome or performance. These are normally

paper issued on a revolving basis, which enable customers to

guarantees issued at a customer’s request, which give us a right of

issue money market paper or medium-term debt instruments

recourse to the customer in the event that the guarantee is called

when needed without having to go through the normal issue

upon. All obligations that could incur a credit risk must be shown

procedure every time.

here as irrevocable lending commitments. These include obliga-

Customers’ total exposure under loans and guarantees may be

tions to grant loans (e.g. credit lines that have been advised to cus-

secured by any available collateral. Also, third parties may have

tomers), to buy securities or provide guarantees or acceptances.

sub-participations in irrevocable lending commitments and

However, lending commitments attributable to the trading book

acceptances.

are reported under trading assets or trading liabilities.

The contingent liabilities include the irrevocable payment obliga-

Provisions for risks in respect of contingent liabilities and lending commitments are included in provisions for loan losses.
Income from guarantees is reported in net commission income;
the level of this income is determined by the application of agreed
rates to the nominal amount of the guarantees.

tion provided by the Single Resolution Board (SRB) after approval
of the Bank’s request for security for payment of part of the banking levy.
The figures listed in the table below do not take account of any
collateral and would only have to be written off if all customers

Legal risks where the occurrence of a loss may not be probable,

utilised their facilities completely and then defaulted (and there

but is not improbable either, and for which no provisions have

was no collateral). In practice, the majority of these facilities

been recognised, are also reported under contingent liabilities. We

expire without ever being utilised. Consequently, these amounts

take a wide variety of factors into account in determining the

are unrepresentative in terms of assessing risk, the actual future

probability of a loss, including the type of claims and judgements

loan exposure or resulting liquidity requirements. The Group

on similar issues.

Management Report contains further information on credit risk

The Commerzbank Group extends credit facilities to its cus-

and liquidity risk and how they are monitored and managed. Loan

tomers, granting them rapid access to funds to meet their short-

loss provisions for off balance-sheet commitments have been

term and long-term financing needs. The credit facilities can be

deducted from the respective items in these tables.

presented in different forms, as shown in the following examples:

• guarantees, where the Group guarantees the repayment of a

Group Financial Statements

loan borrowed by a customer from another party;

232

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

36,179

34,997

3.4

Banks

6,669

6,358

4.9

Corporate clients

26,570

25,912

2.5
– 3.9

Contingent liabilities

Private customers

291

302

2,531

2,299

10.1

General governments

117

125

– 6.3

Lending commitments

Other financial corporations

79,896

78,245

2.1

Banks

1,382

1,391

– 0.6

Corporate clients

59,543

60,077

– 0.9

Private customers

10,618

7,472

42.1

Other financial corporations

8,130

9,028

– 9.9

222

277

– 19.7

116,074

113,242

2.5

General governments
Total

In addition to the credit facilities listed above, the Commerzbank

insofar as it affected Commerzbank. The court ruled that alt-

Group may also sustain losses from legal and tax risks the occur-

hough the bankruptcy could be regarded as fraudulent in

rence of which is not very probable and for which reason no provi-

accounting terms, there was no fraud in relation to the financ-

sions have been recognised. However, since there is some

ing transactions. The claimants have lodged an appeal on

probability of their occurrence, they are presented under contin-

point of law against the judgement of the appellate court of

gent liabilities. It is impossible to reliably estimate the date on

May 2016. A decision on the appeal is expected in the course

Group Financial Statements

which such risk may materialise or any potential reimbursements.

of 2018.

Depending on the outcome of the legal and fiscal proceedings, the

• Commerzbank held an equity holding in a US company that

estimate of our risk of loss may prove to be either too low or too

was sold by way of a leveraged buyout. During the insolvency

high. However, in a large majority of cases the contingent liabili-

proceedings of this company a number of lawsuits were

ties for legal risks do not ever materialise and, therefore, the

brought in the USA against the Commerzbank Group and oth-

amounts are not representative of the actual future losses. As at

ers for repayment of the proceeds it received from the sale of

31 December 2017, the contingent liabilities for legal risks

its stake. Two of these suits were rejected on appeal. Whether

amounted to ř558m (previous year: ř544m) and for tax risks they

the appeal will be upheld on review has not yet been decided.

were in the upper double-digit million range and related to the

A third suit has in the meantime been dismissed, in favour of

following material issues:

the banking consortium. This decision is being appealed.

• Several actions have been taken against a subsidiary of

• Commerzbank was sued for damages by a former borrower in

Commerzbank by customers of a former, now bankrupt, corpo-

Hungary in April 2016. After the borrower failed to remedy

rate customer which held its bank accounts with the subsidiary.

multiple breaches of the loan contract, Commerzbank terminat-

The aim of the action is to obtain claims for damages from the

ed the contract and ceased any further loan disbursements.

subsidiary for allegedly assisting the management of the bank-

Commerzbank is defending itself against the action.

rupt corporate customer in its fraudulent dealings in relation to

• Commerzbank was involved in several legal disputes with the

the management of its accounts. The Bank believes the claims

guarantor of a ship finance loan. As the borrower did not fulfil

are unfounded.

its payment obligation on the due date, Commerzbank

• During the bankruptcy proceedings of a former customer,

launched a lawsuit in London and moved to hold the guarantor

Commerzbank has been sued together with the customer’s

liable under the guarantee. The guarantor in turn applied to a

managing directors and other persons and companies on the

court in Piraeus, Greece, for a negative finding that it does not

basis of joint and several liability for alleged fraudulent bank-

owe Commerzbank any amount for the borrower under the

ruptcy. The action was rejected in the court of first instance

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

guarantee. Finally, in May 2016 the guarantor and the shipping

Article 42 of the German Tax Code (Abgabenordnung, AO) is indi-

company jointly sued Commerzbank in Piraeus for damages.

cated if there are no economically reasonable grounds for the

They are claiming they suffered a loss as a result of the attach-

transaction in question and the structure of the transaction

ment of a tanker by Commerzbank in 2014 and the subsequent

appears to be largely tax-induced (tax arbitrage). The circular pro-

sale of the ship on the open market. In the meantime, the

vides a non-exhaustive list of cases which the BMF will assess for

aforementioned proceedings have been terminated by mutual

tax purposes.

agreement and the case settled.

233

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

In a letter dated 18 July 2017, the Bundesbank asked

• A customer sued Commerzbank for recovery of monies in April

Commerzbank to assess the financial repercussions of the poten-

2016. The claimant is demanding the repayment of interest

tial application of the BMF circular by means of a survey form.

which in its view was wrongly paid to Commerzbank and is also

Based on the analyses conducted for cum-cum transactions, the

demanding the release of collateral which is being held as securi-

Bank recognised precautionary provisions of ř12m as at the end

ty for a claim by Commerzbank against the claimant. Commerz-

of 2017 for potentially refundable own investment income taxes.

bank and the claimant are in dispute about the legal validity of

With respect to securities lending transactions, Commerzbank

Commerzbank’s secured claim. Commerzbank is defending itself

is exposed to compensation claims from third parties for crediting

against the action.

entitlements that have been denied. In this respect a lawsuit has

• Supervisory authorities and other relevant authorities in a

been filed in one case. Based on the analyses performed,

number of countries have been investigating market manipula-

Commerzbank considers it rather unlikely that such claims could

tion and irregularities in connection with exchange rate fixing

be enforced. However, this cannot be ruled out. Under these cir-

and the foreign exchange market in general for some time.

cumstances, Commerzbank estimates the potential financial
impact in the upper double-digit million range, including interest

The contingent liabilities for tax risks relate to the following
material issues:
In the circular of the German Federal Ministry of Finance (BMF)

on arrears.
For the other cum-cum-relevant transactions, Commerzbank
has concluded that no inappropriate legal structuring is present

dated 17 July 2017, the tax authorities addressed the treatment of

under Article 42 of the German Tax Code.

cum-cum transactions, declaring their intention to critically exam-

It cannot be completely excluded that as developments unfold, for

ine past transactions for indications of abuse of law. According to

example in connection with assessments made by the tax authori-

the view put forward in the BMF circular, abuse of law pursuant to

ties and fiscal/civil courts, this conclusion could alter.

Segment reporting

Segment reporting reflects the results of the operating segments

changes in business responsibilities; tasks related to loan admin-

within the Commerzbank Group. The following segment infor-

istration were transferred to the support functions. The prior-year

mation is based on IFRS 8 Operating Segments, which applies the

figures have been restated accordingly. Further information on the

management approach. The segment information is prepared on

segments is provided in the Group Management Report. As at

the basis of internal management reporting, which the chief oper-

31 December 2017, the reporting of the line items in the income

ating decision maker draws on in assessing the performance of the

statement was changed to reflect the IAS 39 fair value categories.

operating segments and determining the allocation of resources to

The prior-year figures have been restated accordingly.

the operating segments. Within the Commerzbank Group, the

The performance of each segment is measured in terms of

function of chief operating decision maker is exercised by the

operating profit or loss and pre-tax profit or loss, as well as operat-

Board of Managing Directors.

ing return on equity and the cost/income ratio. Operating profit or

Our segment reporting addresses the three business segments

loss is defined as the sum of net interest income, dividend income,

which we established as at 30 September 2016: Private and Small-

loan loss provisions, other realised profit or loss and net remeas-

Business Customers, Corporate Clients and Asset & Capital Recov-

urement gain or loss, net commission income, gain or loss from

ery, plus the Others and Consolidation segment. This reflects the

financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit

Commerzbank Group’s organisational structure and forms the

and loss, net income from hedge accounting, other net gain or loss

basis for internal management reporting. The business segments

from financial instruments, current net income from companies

are defined by differences in their products, services and/or cus-

accounted for using the equity method and other net income less

tomer target groups. A modification to the business model of the

operating expenses. The operating profit does not include impair-

Corporate Clients segment in the first quarter of 2017 led to minor

ments of goodwill and other intangible assets and restructuring

Group Financial Statements

(57) Segment reporting

234

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

expenses. As we report pre-tax profits, non-controlling interests

ing from the Bank’s external funding to the individual businesses

are included in the figures for both profit or loss and average capi-

and portfolios of the segments. This allocation is based on a cen-

tal employed. All the revenue for which a segment is responsible is

tral liquidity price curve in accordance with cost causation. The

thus reflected in the pre-tax profit. When showing the elimination

average capital employed in the segments is calculated based on

of intragroup profits from intragroup transactions in segment

the average segmented risk-weighted assets. At Group level,

reporting the transferring segment is treated as if the transaction

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital is shown, which is used to

had taken place outside the Group. Intragroup profits and losses

calculate the operating return on equity. The calculation for the

are therefore eliminated in Others and Consolidation.

segments and the Group are both based on a fully phased-in appli-

The operating return on equity is calculated as the ratio of

cation of Basel 3 regulations. The reconciliation of average capital

operating profit to average capital employed. It shows the return

employed in the segments to the Group’s CET 1 capital is carried

on the capital employed in a given segment. The cost/income ratio

out in Others and Consolidation. We also report the assets and lia-

in operating business reflects the cost efficiency of the various

bilities for the individual segments and the carrying amounts of

segments and expresses the relationship of operating expenses to

companies accounted for using the equity method. Due to our

income before loan loss provisions in lending business.

business model, the segment balance sheet only balances out at

Income and expenses are reported within the segments by

The operating expenses reported under operating profit or loss

method being used for interest rate operations. The actual funding

contain personnel expenses, other operating expenses as well as

costs for the business-specific equity holdings of the segments are

depreciation and write-downs on fixed assets and other intangible

shown in net interest income. The Group’s return on capital

assets. Restructuring expenses and impairments of both goodwill

employed is allocated to the net interest income of the various

and other intangible assets are reported below the operating profit

segments in proportion to the average capital employed in the

line in pre-tax profit or loss. Operating expenses are attributed to

segment. The interest rate used is the long-term risk-free rate on

the individual segments on the basis of cost causation. The indi-

the capital market. Net interest income also contains liquidity

rect expenses arising in connection with internal services are

costs. These costs include both externally paid funding costs as

charged to the user of the service and credited to the segment per-

well as the complete allocation of liquidity costs to the businesses

forming the service. The provision of intragroup services is

and segments based on our transfer price system for liquidity

charged at market prices or at full cost.

costs. This system is used to allocate the interest expenses result-

Group Financial Statements

Group level.

originating unit and at market prices, with the market interest rate

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

2017
řm
Net interest income
Dividend income
Loan loss provisions
Other realised profit or loss and net
remeasurement gain or loss

Private and
Small Business
Customers

Corporate
Clients

Asset & Capital
Recovery

Others and
Consolidation

Group

2,353

1,730

183

– 66

4,201

24

25

0

58

106

– 154

– 295

– 336

4

– 781

– 12

– 32

– 38

6

– 76

1,977

1,237

2

– 38

3,178

Net income from financial assets and
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

148

960

28

– 44

1,092

Net income from hedge accounting

–2

–1

– 34

– 49

– 86

Other profit or loss from financial instruments

119

28

4

109

259

Net commission income

Current net income from companies
accounted for using the equity method

2

22

–0

–0

23

224

20

21

201

465

Income before loan loss provisions

4,832

3,989

166

177

9,163

Income after loan loss provisions

4,678

3,693

– 170

181

8,382

Operating expenses

3,811

2,885

98

285

7,079

– 104

1,303

Other net income

Operating profit or loss

867

809

– 269

Impairments on goodwill and other intangible
assets

–

–

–

–

–

Restructuring expenses

–

–

–

808

808

Pre-tax profit or loss

867

809

– 269

– 911

495

Assets

128,214

173,095

24,374

126,810

452,493

Liabilities

152,994

194,860

20,015

84,623

452,493

11

169

1

–

181

Average capital employed 1

4,134

10,462

2,982

6,031

23,609

Operating return on equity (%)

21.0

7.7

– 9.0

–

5.5

Cost/income ratio in operating business (%)

78.9

72.3

59.4

–

77.3

Carrying amount of companies accounted
for using the equity method

235

Average CET 1 capital with full application of Basel 3. Reconciliation carried out in Others & Consolidation.

Group Financial Statements

1

Further Information

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

236

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

20161
řm
Net interest income
Dividend income
Loan loss provisions
Other realised profit or loss and net
remeasurement gain or loss

Others and
Consolidation

Group

2,281

1,924

26

– 66

4,165

53

36

3

72

164

– 119

– 185

– 599

3

– 900

– 17

141

– 74

40

1,280

4

– 27

3,212

Net income from financial assets and
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

199

978

75

– 233

1,019

Net income from hedge accounting

–4

8

– 21

– 20

– 37

Other profit or loss from financial instruments

154

153

1

85

393

Current net income from companies
accounted for using the equity method

131

19

–0

–0

150

Other net income

59

67

– 17

184

293

Income before loan loss provisions

4,818

4,447

213

– 78

9,399

Income after loan loss provisions

4,699

4,262

– 386

– 76

8,499

Operating expenses

3,621

2,973

128

377

7,100

Operating profit or loss

– 453

1,399

1,078

1,289

– 515

Impairments on goodwill and other intangible
assets

–

627

–

–

627

Restructuring expenses

–

22

–

106

128

1,078

639

– 515

– 559

643

Assets

119,392

210,768

27,005

123,271

480,436

Liabilities

141,396

223,776

20,203

95,061

480,436

9

170

1

–

180

Average capital employed 2

4,122

11,600

3,308

4,156

23,186

Operating return on equity (%)

26.1

11.1

– 15.6

–

6.0

Cost/income ratio in operating business (%)

75.2

66.9

60.4

–

75.5

Carrying amount of companies accounted
for using the equity method

Group Financial Statements

Asset & Capital
Recovery

– 10

Pre-tax profit or loss

2

Corporate
Clients

1,956

Net commission income

1

Private and
Small Business
Customers

Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see page 152 ff.).
Average CET 1 capital with full application of Basel 3. Reconciliation carried out in Others & Consolidation.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

řm

237

20161

2017
Others

Consolidation

Others and
Consolidation

Others

Consolidation

Others and
Consolidation

Net interest income

– 89

23

– 66

– 87

22

– 66

Dividend income

58

–

58

72

–

72

Loan loss provisions

4

0

4

3

0

3

Other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement
gain or loss

– 11

18

6

77

– 151

– 74

Net commission income

– 34

–4

– 38

– 23

–4

– 27

Net income from financial assets and liabilities at
fair value through profit or loss

– 53

10

– 44

– 276

43

– 233

Net income from hedge accounting

– 49

–

– 49

– 20

–

– 20

Other profit or loss from financial instruments

109

–1

109

121

– 35

85

Current net income from companies accounted for
using the equity method

–0

–

–0

–0

–0

–0

Other net income

217

– 16

201

191

–8

184

Income before loan loss provisions

148

30

177

55

– 133

– 78

Income after loan loss provisions

152

30

181

57

– 133

– 76

Operating expenses

314

– 29

285

400

– 23

377

Operating profit or loss

– 163

59

– 104

– 343

– 110

– 453

–

–

–

–

–

–

Impairments on goodwill and other intangible
assets and other intangible assets
Restructuring expenses

808

–

808

100

6

106

Profit or loss before tax

– 970

59

– 911

– 443

– 116

– 559

Assets

126,403

407

126,810

123,001

270

123,271

Liabilities

84,340

283

84,623

94,920

141

95,061

Prior-year figures restated due to a change in reporting plus other restatements (see page 152 ff.).

Under “Consolidation” we report consolidation and reconciliation
items between the results of the segments and the “Others” category on the one hand and the Group financial statements on the
other. This relates primarily to the following items:

• elimination of the net measurement gains or losses on own

• effects from the consolidation of intragroup-transactions
between segments;

• effects from the consolidation of expenses and income;
• Income and operating expenses of staff and management functions, which are charged to the segments and Others.

bonds incurred in the segments;

Group Financial Statements

1

Further Information

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

238

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The breakdown within segment reporting of the results by geographical region, which is essentially based on the location of the
branch or group entity, was as follows:
Germany

Europe
without
Germany

America

Asia

Others

Total

Net interest income

2,524

1,536

8

133

–

4,201

Dividend income

105

1

0

0

–

106

Loan loss provisions

– 552

– 230

–5

6

–

– 781

2017
řm

Other realised profit or loss and net
remeasurement gain or loss

– 48

– 28

0

–

–

– 76

2,619

500

38

21

–

3,178

Net income from financial assets and
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

696

284

50

63

–

1,092

Net income from hedge accounting

– 75

– 14

3

–0

–

– 86

Other profit or loss from financial
instruments

237

22

–

–

–

259

Net commission income

Current net income from companies
accounted for using the equity method

18

0

5

–

–

23

Other net income

469

– 14

13

–2

–

465

Income before loan loss provisions

6,545

2,287

117

214

–

9,163

Income after loan loss provisions

5,993

2,057

112

220

–

8,382

Operating expenses

5,490

1,317

113

159

–

7,079

503

740

–1

61

–

1,303

85,059

45,927

3,631

2,870

–

137,486

Operating profit or loss

Group Financial Statements

Risk assets without credit risks (phase-in)

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

20161
řm

Germany

Europe
without
Germany

America

Asia

Others

Total

Net interest income

2,750

1,318

– 22

120

–

4,165

Dividend income

157

5

1

0

–

164

Loan loss provisions

– 684

– 208

9

– 16

–

– 900

Other realised profit or loss and net
remeasurement gain or loss

57

– 19

2

–

–

40

2,666

477

44

24

–

3,212

Net income from financial assets and
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

259

528

94

138

–

1,019

Net income from hedge accounting

– 46

8

1

–0

–

– 37

Other profit or loss from financial
instruments

275

113

3

2

–

393

Current net income from companies
accounted for using the equity method

141

5

4

–

–

150

Other net income

212

81

2

–3

–

293

Income before loan loss provisions

6,472

2,517

131

280

–

9,399

Income after loan loss provisions

5,788

2,308

140

263

–

8,499

Operating expenses

5,531

1,284

133

152

–

7,100

257

1,025

6

111

–

1,399

91,460

47,006

4,742

3,672

–

146,880

Net commission income

Operating profit or loss
Risk assets without credit risks (phase-in)
1

Further Information

239

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Anpassung Vorjahr aufgrund geändertem Ausweis sowie diversen Restatements (siehe Seite 152 ff.).

Approximately 37 % of income before loan loss provisions in

In accordance with IFRS 8.32 Commerzbank has decided not to

Europe was attributable to our units in the United Kingdom (pre-

provide a breakdown of the Commerzbank Group’s total profits by

vious year: 35 %), 46 % to our units in Poland (previous year:

products and services. We decided not to collect this data for effi-

40 %) and 6 % to our units in Luxembourg (previous year: 15 %).

ciency reasons, as it is used neither for internal management

Credit-risk-weighted assets (phase-in) are shown for the geo-

activities nor management reporting.

Group Financial Statements

graphical segments rather than non-current assets.

240

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Other notes
Reported equity and regulatory capital
(58) Equity structure in accordance with IFRS
Subscribed capital

The subscribed capital (share capital) of Commerzbank Aktien-

subscribed capital stood at ř1,252m as at 31 December 2017, as

gesellschaft consists of no-par-value shares, each with an account-

no treasury shares were held. There are no preferential rights or

ing par value of ř1.00. The shares are issued in bearer form. Pur-

restrictions on the payment of dividends at Commerzbank Aktien-

chases and disposals of treasury shares are added to or deducted

gesellschaft. All shares in issue are fully paid up.

from subscribed capital at an accounting par value of ř1.00. The
Conditional capital

Conditional capital is intended to be used for the issue of convertible bonds or bonds with warrants and profit-sharing certificates
with conversion or option rights. Conditional capital developed as
follows:
thereof:
Conditional
capital
1.1.2017

Additions

Convertible bonds/bonds
with warrants/profitsharing certificates

569

–

–

Total

569

–

–

Group Financial Statements

řm

Conditional
capital
31.12.2017

Used
conditional
capital

Conditional
capital still
available

–

569

–

569

–

569

–

569

Expirations/ Authorisation
utilisations
expired

As resolved at the Annual General Meeting of 30 April 2015, the

gations, or the Company utilises its right to provide alternative

Company’s share capital shall be conditionally increased by up to

performance, and other forms of settlement are not chosen. The

ř569,253,470.00 divided into up to 569,253,470 bearer shares

new shares are issued at the option or conversion price, as the

with no par value (Conditional Capital 2015 in accordance with

case may be, to be determined in accordance with the Authorisa-

Art. 4 (4) of the Articles of Association). The conditional capital

tion 2015. The new shares will be entitled to dividend payments

increase will only be carried out to the extent that hold-

from the start of the fiscal year in which they are issued through

ers/creditors of convertible bonds, convertible profit participation

the exercise of either conversion or option rights, or through the

rights, convertible hybrid bonds, or warrants attached to bonds or

fulfilment of the related conversion or option obligations; as far as

profit-sharing certificates, with warrants issued or guaranteed

legally permissible, the Board of Managing Directors may, with

until 29 April 2020 by the Company (or by companies in which the

the approval of the Supervisory Board, determine the dividend

Company directly or indirectly holds a majority interest (Group

right in respect of new shares in derogation of Art. 60 (2) Stock

companies as defined in Art. 18 (1) Stock Corporation Act) on the

Corporation Act, even for a fiscal year already ended.

basis of the authorisation resolved at the Annual General Meeting

The Board of Managing Directors is authorised to specify fur-

dated 30 April 2015 (Authorisation 2015), exercise their conver-

ther details of the implementation of the conditional capital

sion/option rights or fulfil their related conversion or option obli-

increase.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

241

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Authorised capital

Date of AGM resolution

Original
amount

řm

Used in
precious years
for capital
increases
řm

Used in
2017 for capital
increases

Authorisation
expired

Residual
amount

řm

řm

řm

30.04.2015

569

–

–

–

569

Total

569

–

–

–

569

Date of expiry

29.04.2020

The conditions for capital increases from authorised capital as at

tence 4 Stock Corporation Act on the basis of this authorisation

31 December 2017 are stipulated in the Articles of Association of

may not exceed a total of 10% of the share capital of the Com-

Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft dated 24 May 2016.

pany, either at the time the authorisation becomes effective, or

The Board of Managing Directors is authorised, with the

at the time the authorisation is exercised, whichever amount is

approval of the Supervisory Board, to increase the Company’s

lower. The upper limit of 10% of the share capital is reduced

share capital until 29 April 2020 through the issuance of new

by the proportional amount of share capital corresponding to

shares with no par value in exchange for cash or contributions in

those of the Company’s own shares that are sold during the

kind, in either one or several tranches, but not exceeding a maxi-

period of validity of Authorised Capital 2015, while excluding

mum amount of ř569,253,470.00 (Authorised Capital 2015 in

shareholders’ subscription rights in accordance with Art. 71 (1)

accordance with Art. 4 (3) of the Articles of Association). In princi-

no. 8 sentence 5 and Art. 186 (3) sentence 4 Stock Corporation

ple, shareholders shall be offered subscription rights; the statutory

Act. The upper limit is further reduced by the proportional

subscription right may also be granted in such manner that the

amount of share capital corresponding to those shares that

new shares are underwritten by one or more banks or enterprises

must be issued to service options and convertible bonds with

equivalent to a bank pursuant to Art. 186 (5) sentence 1 Stock

option or conversion rights or with option or conversion obliga-

Corporation Act under an obligation to offer them for subscription

tions, provided such bonds are issued during the period of

to shareholders of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft. However, the

validity of Authorised Capital 2015, while excluding subscrip-

Board of Managing Directors is authorised to exclude subscription

tion rights subject to appropriate application of Art. 186 (3)

rights, with the approval of the Supervisory Board in the following

sentence 4 Stock Corporation Act.

circumstances:

• in order to exclude fractional amounts from subscription rights;
• to the extent necessary, to grant the holders of conversion or

those shares issued in exchange for cash or contributions in kind

option rights, either already issued or still to be issued by

with exclusion of the shareholders’ subscription right must not, in

Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft or by companies in which

aggregate, exceed 20% of the share capital of the Company exist-

Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft directly or indirectly holds a

ing at the time when the General Meeting adopts the resolution.

majority interest (Group companies as defined in Art. 18 (1)

Regarding the above limit, those shares shall be taken into

Stock Corporation Act), subscription rights in the amount to

account which are issued or sold subject to exclusion of the sub-

which they would be entitled after exercising their conversion

scription right during the term of this authorisation under another

or option rights or fulfilling their corresponding conversion or

authorisation, or on which financial instruments with conversion

option obligation;

or option rights or obligations are based which are issued subject

• in order to issue shares to employees of Commerzbank Aktien-

to exclusion of the subscription right of the shareholders during

gesellschaft or of companies in which Commerzbank Aktien-

the term of the authorisation under another authorisation. Moreo-

gesellschaft directly or indirectly holds a majority interest

ver, if shares are issued to members of the Board of Managing

(Group companies as defined in Art. 18 (1) Stock Corporation

Directors, members of the management or employees of the Com-

Act);

pany or its group companies within the meaning of Art. 18 (1)

• in order to increase the share capital in exchange for contributions in kind;

Stock Corporation Act in exchange for cash or contributions in
kind with exclusion of the shareholders’ subscription right, the pro

• in the event of capital increases for cash, if the issue price of

rata amount of the share capital attributable to such shares must

the new shares is not significantly lower than the market price

not, in aggregate, exceed 5% of the share capital of the Company

for identical shares of the Company at the time the issue price

existing at the time when the General Meeting adopts the resolu-

is determined. The shares issued with the exclusion of sub-

tion. When determining this limit, shares shall also be taken into

scription rights pursuant to Art. 203 (1) and Art. 186 (3) sen-

account which are issued or sold during the term of this authorisa-

Group Financial Statements

The proportional amount of the share capital attributable to

242

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

tion under another authorisation with the exclusion of subscription

The Supervisory Board is authorised to amend the wording of

rights to members of the Board of Managing Directors, members

Art. 4 of the Articles of Association in accordance with the utilisa-

of the management or employees of the Company or of its group

tion of Authorised Capital 2015 or to amend it after the expiry of

companies within the meaning of Art. 18 (1) Stock Corporation Act.

the authorisation period.

The Board of Managing Directors is authorised to determine the
further details of the capital increase and its implementation.
(59) Regulatory capital requirements
The main rules governing compliance with minimum regulatory

• adherence to the statutory minimum capital requirements at

capital ratios for solvency purposes in the EU are contained in the

Group level and in all companies included in the regulatory

Capital Requirements Directive (CRD) IV, the Capital Requirements
Regulation (CRR), a European regulation which, unlike the CRD IV

Group;

• ensuring that the planned capital ratios are met, including the

Directive, has direct legal effect for all European banks, together
with the SSM Regulation (Council Regulation No. 1024/2013 of

new ECB/EBA requirements;

• provision of sufficient reserves to guarantee the Bank’s free-

15 October 2013 conferring specific tasks on the European Central
Bank concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of

dom of action at all times;

• strategic allocation of Tier 1 capital to business segments and

credit institutions). This legislation is supplemented at national

divisions in order to exploit growth opportunities.

level in Germany by further provisions in the German Banking Act,
the German Solvency Regulation and other regulations. In addition,

The financial crisis made the importance of adequate CET 1

Implementing Technical Standards (ITS) and Regulatory Technical

capital levels for banks become an issue of increasing public con-

Standards (RTS) provide explanations about particularly complex

cern. At Commerzbank, Tier 1 capital has always been a key man-

matters. The introduction of the new regulations in 2014 has

agement target. The Bank’s specifications for the capital ratios far

strengthened the quality of regulatory capital compared with the

exceed the minimum statutory requirements. The Bank’s risk-

previous regime, made capital requirements more stringent and

taking capability and market expectations play an important role in

set higher minimum requirements for banks’ capital adequacy.

determining the internal capital ratio targets. For this reason,

To avoid having all these requirements take effect on a single
date, certain parts of the new rules are subject to defined phase-in

Group Financial Statements

rules.

Commerzbank has stipulated minimum ratios for regulatory capital.
CET 1 capital is allocated via a regular process that takes

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital consists largely of sub-

account of the Bank’s strategic direction, profitable new business

scribed capital plus reserves and non-controlling interests.

opportunities in the core business of each business segment as

Adjustments to this figure may be necessitated by any number of

well as aspects of risk-bearing capacity.

causes, for example goodwill, intangible assets, write-downs of

Measures relating to the Bank’s capital are approved by the full

assets (if assets are not valued cautiously enough in the regulator’s

Board of Managing Directors, subject to the authorisation granted

view), shortfalls due to the comparison of expected losses with the

by the AGM. During the past year, Commerzbank met the mini-

provisions recognised for them and the correction of tax loss car-

mum statutory capital requirements as well as the requirements of

ryforwards. Adding Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1), which can con-

the ECB and EBA at all times. In the pro forma calculation of fully

tain subordinated debt instruments with certain conditions,

phased-in implementation of the CRR requirements, the transi-

produces Tier 1 core capital. Tier 2 capital consists largely of sub-

tional regulations are completely disregarded.

ordinated debt instruments which are not eligible as Additional

The following table with the composition of the Commerzbank

Tier 1 capital. The eligibility of these capital components has been

Group’s capital shows the figures on both a phase-in (currently

reduced, as over the final five years of their life they may now only

used) and a fully phased-in basis. The reconciliation of equity

be amortised on a straight-line basis.

reported in the balance sheet with regulatory capital is already

Commerzbank seeks to achieve the following objectives in
managing its capital:

integrated in these figures.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Position
řm

Further Information

31.12.2017
Phase-in

31.12.2016
Phase-in

30,041

29,640

30,041

29,640

Effect from debit valuation adjustments

– 86

– 177

– 108

– 295

Correction to revaluation reserve

114

313

–

–

Correction to cash flow hedge reserve

54

97

54

97

Correction to phase-in (IAS 19)

260

578

–

–

Equity as shown in balance sheet

Correction to non-controlling interests
(minorities)

31.12.2017
31.12.2016
Fully phased-in Fully phased-in

– 421

– 258

– 495

– 426

Goodwill

– 1,507

– 1,496

– 1,507

– 1,496

Intangible assets

– 1,381

– 1,206

– 1,381

– 1,206

Surplus in plan assets

– 257

– 231

– 322

– 385

Deferred tax assets from loss carryforwards

– 566

– 297

– 707

– 494

Shortfall due to expected loss

– 608

– 420

– 676

– 525

Prudential Valuation

– 264

– 367

– 264

– 367

Direct, indirect and synthetic positions of the
bank's own instruments in Core Tier 1

– 49

– 33

– 60

– 51

First loss positions from securitisations

– 213

– 301

– 213

– 301

Advance payment risks

–

–1

–

–1

Allocation of components from additional Equity
Tier 1

647

1,066

–

–

Deferred tax assets from temporary differences
which exceed the 10 % threshold

– 110

– 166

– 278

– 548

–

–

–

–

Dividend accrued
Others and rounding
Common Equity Tier 11
Additional Equity Tier 12
Tier 1 capital

243

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

– 47

– 247

– 45

– 247

25,607

26,494

24,039

23,395

378

–

–

–

25,985

26,494

24,039

23,395

Tier 2 capital

5,404

5,677

5,808

5,691

Equity

31,389

32,171

29,847

29,086

Risk-weighted assets

171,369

190,527

171,019

189,848

of which Credit risk3

137,486

146,880

137,136

146,201

of which Market risk3,4

12,842

19,768

12,842

19,768

of which operational risk

21,041

23,879

21,041

23,879

Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (%)

14.9 %

13.9 %

14.1 %

12.3 %

Equity Tier 1 ratio (%)

15.2 %

13.9 %

14.1 %

12.3 %

Total capital ratio (%)

18.3 %

16.9 %

17.5 %

15.3 %

1

This information includes the consolidated profit attributable to Commerzbank shareholders for regulatory purposes.
As at 31 December 2017, the eligible former balance of additional Tier 1 capital under the transitional provisions exceeds the corresponding deductions.
Settlement risk of ř12m was reallocated from market risk to credit risk as at 31 December 2016.
4
Includes credit valuation adjustment risk.
2

The table reconciles reported equity to Common Equity Tier 1

tional provisions. The increase in the capital ratios over the end of

(CET 1) and the other components of core capital and regulatory

the previous year is primarily the result of the decrease in risk-

capital. The main changes compared to 31 December 2016 relate

weighted assets.

to phase-in capital and arise from the impact of the Basel 3 transi-

Group Financial Statements

3

244

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

(60) Leverage ratio
The CRD IV/CRR has introduced the leverage ratio as a new tool

Segments actively get involved in the steering of the leverage ratio

and indicator for quantifying the risk of excessive leverage. The

by segment specific targets for their leverage ratio exposure.

leverage ratio shows the ratio of Tier 1 capital to leverage expo-

Developments in the segment-specific leverage ratio exposures

sure, consisting of the non-risk-weighted assets plus offbalance-

relative to the guidelines is monitored monthly. Group Finance

sheet positions. The way in which exposure to derivatives, securi-

reports regularly to the Central Asset Liability Committee (ALCO)

ties financing transactions and off-balance sheet positions is calcu-

and the Board on leverage ratio of Commerzbank Group and the

lated is laid down by regulators. The leverage ratio at the end of

leverage exposures of the segments and their main drivers.

2017 was calculated on the basis of the CRR as revised in January

In addition projections of future development of the leverage

2015. As a non-risk sensitive figure the leverage ratio is intended

exposure and of the leverage ratio are integrated into the internal

to supplement risk-based measures of capital adequacy.

multi-year planning process and reviewed regularly in forecasting

Avoiding the risk of excessive leverage is an integral part of

exercises with regard to the actual reporting year. Furthermore,

Commerzbank’s balance sheet management. Commerzbank has

Group Finance monitors expected changes in regulatory require-

set up a quantitative and qualitative framework in order to calcu-

ments with respect to their impact on the leverage ratio. Moreover,

late, monitor and manage the leverage ratio.

the development of the leverage ratio is considered in the analyses

Group Finance is responsible for quantifying the leverage ratio
on the basis of regulatory requirements and provides regulators
with quarterly reports.
Commerzbank has set an internal target for the leverage ratio
which supplements the targets for the risk-based capital ratios.

of adverse macroeconomic trends within the recovery planning
process.
Key decisions on management and monitoring of the leverage
ratio are taken by ALCO, subject to confirmation by the Board of
Managing Directors.

Summary reconciliation of accounting assets and leverage ratio exposures
řm
Total assets as per published group financial statements
Adjustment for entities which are consolidated for accounting purposes but are outside the scope of regulatory
consolidation
(Adjustment for fiduciary assets recognised on the balance sheet pursuant to the applicable accounting framework
but excluded from the leverage ratio total exposure measure in accordance with Article 429(13) of Regulation (EU)
No. 575/2013)
Adjustments for derivative financial instruments

Applicable amounts
31.12.2017
452,493
– 170

–
– 33,141

Adjustment for securities financing transactions (SFTs)

2,124

Adjustment for off-balance sheet items (i.e. conversion to credit equivalent amounts of off-balance sheet exposures)

51,721

(Adjustment for intragroup exposures excluded from the leverage ratio total exposure measure in accordance with
Article 429 (7) of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013)

–

(Adjustment for exposures excluded from the leverage ratio exposure measure in accordance with Article 429 (14) of
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013)

–

Group Financial Statements

Other adjustments
Phase-in

– 1,710

Fully phased-in

– 2,536

Leverage ratio total exposure measure
Phase-in

471,317

Fully phased-in

470,491

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

245

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Leverage ratio common disclosure
řm

CRR leverage ratio
exposures
31.12.2017

On-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives and SFTs)
On-balance sheet items (excluding derivatives, SFTs and fiduciary assets, but including collateral)

382,190

(Asset amounts deducted in determining Tier 1 capital)
Phase-in

– 4,262

Fully phased-in

– 5,088

Total on-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives, SFTs and fiduciary assets)
Phase-in

377,928

Fully phased-in

377,102

Derivative exposures
Replacement cost associated with all derivatives transactions (i.e. net of eligible cash variation margin)

9,095

Add-on amounts for PFE associated with all derivatives transactions (mark-to-market method)

20,951

Exposure determined under Original Exposure Method

–

Gross-up for derivatives collateral provided where deducted from the balance sheet assets pursuant to the
applicable accounting framework

–

(Deductions of receivables assets for cash variation margin provided in derivatives transactions)

– 15,196

(Exempted CCP leg of client-cleared trade exposures)

– 2,303

Adjusted effective notional amount of written credit derivatives

17,681

(Adjusted effective notional offsets and add-on deductions for written credit derivatives)

– 14,123
16,105

Group Financial Statements

Total derivative exposures

246

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Leverage ratio common disclosure (continuation)
řm

CRR leverage ratio
exposures
31.12.2017

Securities financing transaction (SFTs) exposures
Gross SFT assets (with no recognition of netting), after adjusting for sales accounting transactions

37,253

(Netted amounts of cash payables and cash receivables of gross SFT assets)

– 13,814

Counterparty credit risk exposure for SFT assets

2,124

Derogation for SFTs: Counterparty credit risk exposure in accordance with Articles 429b (4) and 222 of
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013

–

Agent transaction exposures

–

(Exempted CCP leg of client-cleared SFT exposure)

–

Total securities financing transaction exposures (SFTs)

25,563

Other off-balance sheet exposures
Off-balance sheet exposures at gross notional amount

170,293

(Adjustments for conversion to credit equivalent amounts)

– 118,572

Total other off-balance sheet exposures

51,721

(Exempted exposures in accordance with Article 429 (7) and (14) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (onand off-balance sheet))
(Intragroup exposures (solo basis) exempted in accordance with Article 429 (7) of Regulation (EU) No.
575/2013 (on- and off-balance sheet))

–

(Exposures exempted in accordance with Article 429 (14) of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (on- and offbalance sheet))

–

Capital and total exposure measure
Tier 1 capital
Phase-in

25,985

Fully phased-in

24,039

Leverage ratio total exposure measure
Phase-in

471,317

Fully phased-in

470,491

Leverage ratio
Phase-in (%)

5.5

Fully phased-in (%)

5.1

Choice on transitional (phase-in) arrangements and amount of derecognised fiduciary items
Choice on transitional (phase-in) arrangements for the definition of the capital measure
Phase-in

–

Fully phased-in

–

Amount of derecognised fiduciary items in accordance with Article 429 (13) of Regulation (EU) No
575/2013

Group Financial Statements

Phase-in and Fully phased-in

–

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

247

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Split-up of on-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives, SFTs and exempted exposures)

CRR leverage ratio
exposures

řm

31.12.2017

Total on-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives, SFTs and exempted exposures), of which:

382,190

Trading book exposures

31,264

Banking book exposures, of which:

350,926

Covered bonds

4,209

Exposures treated as sovereigns

90,238

Exposures to regional governments, MDBs, international organisations and PSE not treated as
sovereigns

13,896

Institutions

23,438

Secured by mortgages of immovable properties

59,718

Retail exposures

45,979

Corporate

76,937

Exposures in default

2,748

Other exposures (e.g. equity, securitisations and other non-credit obligation assets)

33,763

The leverage ratio based on the CRR phase-in rules was 5,5% as

capital under fully phased-in rules and phase-in rules, respectively.

at 31 December 2017 (30 September 2017: 5,1%). The leverage

As at the reporting date the leverage ratio exposure was ř471,3bn

ratio with full phasing-in of the revised CRR rules stood at 5,1%,

(phase-in) and ř470,5bn (fully phased-in), compared with

compared with 4,7% as at 30 September 2017.

ř506,8bn (phase-in) and ř506,0bn (fully phased-in) in the prior

Both fully phased-in and phase-in leverage ratio increased due

quarter.

to decreased leverage ratio exposure and marginally higher Tier 1
(61) Liquidity Coverage Ratio
The liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) is the regulatory minimum

ner and mitigated through suitable measures. This is also applica-

liquidity ratio. It is a measure of the near-term solvency of the

ble for payment obligations in foreign currencies. In addition, the

Bank under a predetermined stress scenario. Based on the

Bank also mitigates a concentration through the continuous use of

requirements of the Basel Committee, the EU Commission set out

the broadly diversified sources of funding available to it, particu-

the legal foundation for the LCR in the Capital Requirements

larly in the form of diverse customer deposits and capital market

Regulation (CRR) and in Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013, in con-

instruments.
Commerzbank manages its global liquidity centrally using cash

The ratio itself is defined as the relationship between high qual-

pooling. This approach ensures liquidity resources are used effi-

ity liquid assets (HQLA) and net liquidity outflows (NLOs) within a

ciently across all time zones, as Commerzbank Treasury units are

30-day period. It has been reported to the supervisory authorities

located in Frankfurt, London, New York and Singapore.

in this form since 30/09/2016. The CRR stipulates the LCR must be

For further information about the responsibilities for managing

at least 80% for 2017 and at least 100% from 1 January 2018.

liquidity risk and the corresponding internal models, please refer

Commerzbank has included the LCR in the internal liquidity risk

to the liquidity risk section of the Risk Report in this document.

model as a binding secondary condition, and the development of
the LCR is regularly monitored.

The following section shows the calculation of the LCR for the
current reporting year. The averages of the respective previous

The Bank has established internal early warning indicators for

twelve month-end values are calculated for each quarter of the

the purpose of managing liquidity risk. These ensure that appro-

reporting year. The resulting values are shown in the table below.

priate steps can be taken in good time to secure long-term finan-

The values are rounded to a full-million amount in euros and are

cial solidity. Risk concentrations can lead to increased outflows of

presented on a consolidated basis for the Commerzbank Group.

liquidity, particularly in a stress situation. They can, for example,

The EBA’s transitional provisions limit the disclosure requirement

occur with regard to maturities, large individual creditors or cur-

in reporting year 2017 to the third and fourth quarters.

rencies. By means of ongoing monitoring and reporting, emerging
risk concentrations in funding can be recognised in a timely man-

Group Financial Statements

junction with Delegated Regulation EU/2015/61 (D-REG).

248

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

řm

Number of data points used in the calculation of averages

Total unweighted value
(average)

Total weighted value
(average)

30.9.2017

31.12.2017

30.9.2017

31.12.2017

12

12

12

12

93,004

95,086

High-Quality Liquid Assets
1

Total high-quality liquid assets (HQLA

Cash-Outflows
2

Retail deposits and deposits from small business customers, of
which:

98,744

101,885

6,943

7,043

3

Stable Deposits

64,724

68,617

3,236

3,431

4

Less stable Deposits

34,013

33,262

3,700

3,606

5

Unsecured Wholesale Funding

107,525

107,061

55,309

54,187

6

Operational deposits (all counterparties) and deposits in networks of
cooperative banks

31,909

33,722

7,953

8,405

7

Non-operational deposits (all counterparties)

74,184

72,000

45,923

44,442

8

Unsecured debt

1,432

1,340

1,432

1,340

9

Secured Wholesale Funding

5,992

5,384

10

Additional requirements

85,147

85,597

24,998

24,915

11

Outflows related to derivative exposures and other collateral
requirements

10,475

10,404

9,871

9,733

12

Outflows related to loss of funding on debt products

13

Credit and liquidity facilities

14

Other contractual funding obligations

15

Other contingent funding obligations

16

Total Cash Outflows

306

182

306

182

74,367

75,011

14,821

15,000

1,786

1,612

902

834

96,397

98,857

606

688

94,750

93,051

Group Financial Statements

Cash-Inflows
17

Secured lending (eg reverse repos)

71,799

69,603

4,597

4,126

18

Inflows from fully performing exposures

27,852

27,431

20,352

19,901

19

Other cash inflows

3,463

3,232

3,324

3,093

EU– 19a

(Difference between total weighted inflows and total weighted
outflows arising from transactions in third countries where there are
transfer restrictions or which are denominated in non-convertible
currencies.)

EU– 19b

(Excess inflows from a related specialised credit institution)

20

TOTAL CASH INFLOWS

103,114

100,267

28,273

27,120

EU– 20a

Fully Exempt Inflows

EU– 20b

Inflows subject to 90 % Cap

EU– 20c

Inflows subject to 75 % Cap

90,375

89,904

28,273

27,120

21

Liquidity Buffer

93,004

95,086

22

Total Net Cash Outflows

66,476

65,931

23

Liquidity Coverage Ratio (%)

140.01 %

144.61 %

Commerzbank’s quarterly average values significantly exceeded

to ř95,086m and a reduction in average liquidity outflows to

the minimum ratio of 80 % stipulated for that year on every

ř93,051m. These outflows, however, were partially offset by a

reporting date. In the fourth quarter of 2017, the average value for

decrease in liquidity inflows. The composition of the highly liquid

the LCR over the previous twelve reporting periods was 144.61 %

assets available to cover the liquidity outflows in the reporting

and thus 4.60 percentage points above the value in the third quar-

period is set out below.

ter. The reason for this increase is the rise in highly liquid assets

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Highliquid assets in accordance with EU/2015/61 | řm

Further Information

30.9.2017

31.12.2017

Total:

93,004

95,086

thereof Level 1

83,591

86,980

thereof Level 2A

7,803

6,695

thereof Level 2B

1,610

1,411

Commerzbank additionally reports the LCR in US dollars, because

inflows and outflows are calculated on a net basis. Commerzbank

under the CRR the US dollar is deemed to be an important foreign

also takes into account further items that could lead to additional

currency. Commerzbank also ensures that it monitors foreign

outflows of liquidity. These items include variation margins for

exchange risks and fulfils the currency matching requirements for

changes in the value of securities pledged as collateral and for a

highly liquid assets and net liquidity outflows.

possible deterioration in the credit rating, as well as additional

When calculating the LCR, the Bank takes into account the
liquidity inflows and outflows for derivatives over the next 30 days.

249

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

collateral furnished because of adverse market scenarios for derivatives transactions.

Group Financial Statements

When standardised master agreements are involved, the liquidity

250

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Credit risks and credit losses
(62) Concentration of credit risk
Concentrations of credit risk may arise through business relations

uniform lending policy, the Bank has entered into a number of

with individual borrowers or groups of borrowers which share a

master netting agreements to minimise credit risks. These give the

number of features and which are individually able to service debt

Bank the right to net claims on and liabilities to a customer in the

and influenced to the same extent by changes in certain overall

event of the default or insolvency of that customer. The carrying

economic conditions. Besides obtaining collateral and applying a

amounts of credit risks relating to claims were as follows:
Loans and advances

řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

160,844

158,690

Banks

7,260

11,622

Corporate clients

54,009

55,619

17,130

17,178

Banks and customers in Germany

Manufacturing
Construction

877

894

Trade

8,661

8,430

Services and others

27,341

29,117

Private customers

82,518

71,641

Other financial corporations

3,807

4,651

General governments

13,251

15,157

Banks and customers outside Germany

106,989

115,869

Banks

36,491

45,562

Corporate clients

39,402

42,624

Private customers

11,538

11,495

Other financial corporations

13,832

9,852

General governments

5,726

6,336

267,833

274,559

Sub-total
Less valuation allowances

– 3,125

– 3,729

Total

264,708

270,830

Contingent liabilities, irrevocable
lending commitments
řm
Banks and customers in Germany

31.12.2016

53,012

48,786

Banks and customers outside Germany

63,239

64,620

Sub-total

116,252

113,406

Less valuation allowances
Group Financial Statements

31.12.2017

Gesamt

– 177

– 164

116,074

113,243

The book values of credit risk concentrations in loans and receiva-

ties of default and other economic factors. To this extent these

bles, contingent liabilities and irrevocable lending commitments

amounts are therefore not representative of the Bank’s assessment

shown above are not part of internal credit risk management, as

of its actual credit risk.

credit risk management also takes account of collateral, probabili-

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

251

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

(63) Maximum credit risk
The maximum credit risk exposure – excluding collateral and other

lending commitments and financial guarantees. The table below

credit enhancements – is equal to the carrying amounts of the rel-

shows the carrying amounts or nominal values of financial instru-

evant assets in each class, or the nominal values of irrevocable

ments with a potential default risk:

řm

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Change in %

265,712

276,578

– 3.9

Loans and receivables

241,708

246,880

– 2.1

Debt instruments

24,004

29,698

– 19.2

30,661

38,994

– 21.4

30,661

38,994

– 21.4

23,393

24,352

– 3.9

23,000

23,950

– 4.0

393

401

– 2.0

52,364

68,220

– 23.2

Loans and receivables

1,080

1,044

3.4

Debt instruments

2,955

4,361

– 32.2

Derivatives

47,783

62,205

– 23.2

Financial Assets – Loans and Receivables

Financial Assets – Available for Sale
Debt instruments
Financial Assets – Fair Value Option
Loans and receivables
Debt instruments
Financial Assets – Held for Trading

546

610

– 10.6

Positive fair values of derivative hedging instruments

Other trading assets and liabilities

1,464

2,075

– 29.4

Irrevocable lending commitments

79,965

78,331

2.1

Financial guarantees

2,024

2,393

– 15.4

The maximum credit risk exposures listed above are not part of

nomic factors (see the section on default risks in the Group Man-

internal credit risk management, as credit risk management also

agement Report). These amounts are therefore not representative

takes account of collateral, probabilities of default and other eco-

of the Bank’s assessment of its actual credit risk.

(64) Securitisation of loans
The use of credit derivatives (such as credit default swaps, total
return swaps and credit-linked notes) can reduce the risk

• funding (use of securitisation as an alternative funding instrument to unsecured bearer bonds).

weighting of a loan portfolio. The hedging effect of a credit derivative may relate both to individual loans or securities and to entire

As at the end of 2017, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft had

portfolios of loans or securities. As a rule, security is furnished by

launched four securitisation programmes as the buyer of protec-

means of a synthetic securitisation by credit default swaps (CDS)

tion.
The legal maturity date is 9-10 years. A total volume of ř6.3bn

three important goals:

of loans to customers had been securitised by end-December 2017

• risk diversification (reduction of credit risks in the portfolio,

(previous year: ř6.0bn). This reduced the Bank’s risk-weighted

especially concentration risks);

• easing the burden on equity capital (the transfer of credit risks
to investors leads to a reduction in the regulatory capital
requirements);

assets by ř2.1bn (previous year: ř2.6bn).

Group Financial Statements

and/or by credit-linked notes (CLNs). This enables us to achieve

252

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Name of transaction

Buyer of
protection

CoSMO Finance III–
1 Limited

Year
transacted

Contract
period
of transactions
in years

Commerzbank
Aktiengesellschaft

2015

10

CoCo Finance II– 2 Limited

Commerzbank
Aktiengesellschaft

2015

CoSMO Finance III–
2 Limited

Commerzbank
Aktiengesellschaft

CoCo Finance III– 1

Commerzbank
Aktiengesellschaft

Type of claim

Total
lending

Reduction of
risk-weighted
assets
řm

Mittelstand
customers

996

374

10

Large corporates

1,846

262

2016

10

Mittelstand
customers

1,987

925

2017

9

Large corporates

1,498

579

6,327

2,140

Total

Other details
(65) Average number of staff employed by the Bank during the year
These figures include both full-time and part-time personnel. Not
included in the figures is the average number of employees
undergoing training within the Group.
2017

2016

Total

male

female

Total

male

female

Group

48,289

22,781

25,508

48,944

23,325

25,619

in Germany

35,803

17,150

18,653

36,864

17,768

19,096

outside Germany

12,486

5,631

6,855

12,080

5,557

6,523

Group Financial Statements

(66) Related party transactions
As part of its normal business, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft

Transactions with non-consolidated subsidiaries

and/or its consolidated companies do business with related enti-

The assets relating to non-consolidated subsidiaries in the amount

ties and persons. These include subsidiaries that are controlled

of ř289m (previous year: ř335m) as at 31 December 2017 includ-

but not consolidated for reasons of materiality, joint ventures,

ed primarily loans and receivables. Liabilities in the amount of

associated companies, equity holdings, external providers of occu-

ř201m (previous year: ř179m) comprised mostly deposits. The

pational pensions for employees of Commerzbank Aktiengesell-

income of ř46m (previous year: ř41m) comprised primarily inter-

schaft, key management personnel and members of their families

est income. The expenses in the amount of ř84m (previous year:

as well as companies controlled by these persons. Banking trans-

ř77m) were mostly operating expenses. In the course of its ordi-

actions with related parties are carried out on normal market

nary banking activities, the Bank granted guarantees and collateral

terms and conditions.

totalling ř2m (previous year: ř2m).

Key management personnel refers exclusively to members of
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft’s Board of Managing Directors

Transactions with jointly controlled entities

and Supervisory Board who were active during the financial year.

No transactions took place with jointly controlled entities during

However, besides the stake held by the German federal government, other factors (including membership of the supervisory

the reporting year. In the previous year we reported ř84m in
income with jointly controlled entities.

board) which could allow a shareholder to exert a significant influence on Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft also need to be taken

Transactions with associated companies

into account. As a result, the German federal government and enti-

The assets relating to associated companies in the amount of

ties controlled by it constitute related parties as defined by IAS 24.

ř12m (previous year: ř3,519m) as at 31 December 2017 included
primarily loans and claims. The decrease on the previous year is
attributable to the acquisition of Commerz Finanz GmbH. Liabilities in the amount of ř42m (previous year: ř64m) comprised

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

253

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

mostly deposits. The income of ř110m (previous year: ř257m)

31 December 2017 in the amount of ř28,558m (previous year:

resulted primarily from commission income and current net

ř23,827m) comprised primarily deposits with Deutsche Bundes-

income from companies accounted for using the equity method. In

bank totalling ř25,592m (previous year: ř18,350m). Of the liabili-

the course of its ordinary banking activities, the Bank granted

ties related to entities controlled by the German federal

guarantees and collateral totalling ř54m (previous year: ř40m).

government in the amount of ř13,383m (previous year: ř12,809m),
ř12,550m (previous year: ř12,614m) were deposits. As at

Transactions with other related entities/persons

31 December 2017, the Bank had granted guarantees and collat-

The assets pertaining to other related entities/persons as at

eral totalling ř309m (previous year: ř310m) to entities controlled

31 December 2017 in the amount of ř121m (previous year: ř120m)

by the German federal government.

included primarily loans and receivables as well as securitised
debt instruments. The liabilities of ř230m (previous year: ř211m)

Transactions with key management personnel

were primarily deposits. The deposits were mostly attributable to

The assets relating to key management personnel as at

external providers of occupational pensions. The income of ř46m

31 December 2017 in the amount of ř7m (previous year: ř8m)

(previous year: ř6m) resulted largely from interest income. In the

comprised loans and receivables. The liabilities of ř5m (previous

course of its ordinary banking activities, the Bank granted guaran-

year: ř3m) included deposits from key management personnel.

tees and collateral totalling ř1m (previous year: ř141m).

The expenses represent personnel expenses in the amount of
ř19m (previous year: ř17m as well as ř4m in termination benefits)

Transactions with entities controlled by the German federal

and include remuneration for key management personnel, salaries

government

of the employee representatives on the Supervisory Board who are

The Commerzbank Group conducts transactions with federal gov-

employed by the Commerzbank Group and value added tax reim-

ernment-controlled entities as part of its ordinary business activi-

bursed to members of the Supervisory Board.

ties on standard market terms and conditions. The assets relating

Claims on key management personnel were as follows:

to entities controlled by the German federal government as at
Board of Managing Directors

Supervisory Board

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Claims (ř 1,000)1

3,129

5,001

3,560

2,713

Last due date2

2051

2051

2043

2043

0.86 – 2.8

0.86 – 2.8

1.04 – 5.1

1.34 – 5.1

Range of interest rates used (%)3
1

In 2017, members of the Board of Managing Directors repaid ř153 thousand, and members of the Supervisory Board repaid
ř254 thousand.
Besides loans with fixed repayment dates, loans without a specified maturity were granted.
3
In individual cases, up to 11.9% (previous year: 15.0%) was charged for overdrafts in the Board of Managing Directors and
up to 11.4% (previous year: 15.9%) in the Supervisory Board.
2

Collaterals for the loans to members of the Board of Managing

vided in the remuneration report included in the Group Manage-

Directors and the Supervisory Board are provided, if necessary,

ment Report (p. 27 ff.).

through land charges or rights of lien.
Board of Managing Directors
The table below shows a breakdown of the total remuneration of

ing to members of the Board of Managing Directors or the Super-

the Board of Managing Directors in accordance with both the

visory Board in the year under review.

IAS 24.17 and German Accounting Standard 17 classifications (see

A detailed description of the remuneration system as well as

the Remuneration Report). The expense under the IAS 24 classifi-

individual remuneration details for the members of the Board of

cation is based on the regulations of the underlying standards

Managing Directors and the Supervisory Board in accordance with

(IAS 19 and IFRS 2). The short-term employee benefits include, for

DRS 17, including pension entitlements and service costs, are pro-

example, standard non-monetary benefits.

Group Financial Statements

With the exception of rental guarantees, the companies of the
Commerzbank Group did not have any contingent liabilities relat-

254

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

ř 1,000

2017

2016

Short-term employee benefits

6,983

7,320

Post-employment benefits

3,248

3,099

Other long term benefits

1,693

1,324

–

4,051

Termination benefits

1

Share-based remuneration2

3,503

2,320

Total remuneration in accordance with IAS 24.17

15,427

18,114

3,248

3,099

less
Post-employment benefits
Termination benefits

–

4,051

Measurement and other differences3

3,502

2,327

Total remuneration in accordance with § 314 Abs. 1 Nr. 6 a) S. 1 HGB

8,677

8,637

1

Termination benefits were paid to Martin Blessing and Markus Beumer in the 2016 financial year.
For further details, please see the section on “Rules for termination of office” in the Remuneration Report for 2016.
2
The present remuneration system also gives rise to pro-rata recognition of share-based remuneration in respect of future
financial years, as set out in the Remuneration Report.
3
Under the current remuneration system, granting does not take place until the entitlements exist, which in the 2016 and 2017
financial years led to a significant reduction in total remuneration under Art. 314 (1) no. 6 (a) sentence 1 of the German
Commercial Code, as the latter does not contain the long-term remuneration components. The prior-year figures were restated.

The net present value of the pension entitlements of the members

their surviving dependants have been transferred to Commerzbank

of the Board of Managing Directors who were active in the finan-

Pensions-Trust e.V. as part of a contractual trust arrangement.

cial year was ř21,437 thousand as at 31 December 2017 (previous

Payments to former members of the Board of Managing Directors

year: ř30,027 thousand). The service costs reflected in the calcula-

of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and their surviving depend-

tion of pension provisions for post-employment benefits amounted

ants in the financial year came to ř10,043 thousand (previous year:

to ř3,248 thousand in the reporting year (previous year: ř3,099

ř8,847 thousand). The pension liabilities for these persons

thousand). After deduction of plan assets transferred, provisions

amounted to ř103,289 tousand (previous year: ř99,863 thousand).

for pension obligations in respect of members of the Board of
Managing Directors active in the financial year were ř2,408 thou-

Supervisory Board

sand at 31 December 2017 (previous year: ř6,569 thousand). Pro-

Remuneration for the members of the Supervisory Board is regu-

visions of ř14,550 thousand were recognised for variable

lated in Art. 15 of the Articles of Association of Commerzbank

components of remuneration of active members of the Board of

Aktiengesellschaft. Members of the Supervisory Board received

Managing Directors as at 31 December 2017 (previous year:

total net remuneration for the 2017 financial year of ř2,936 thou-

ř13,760 thousand).

sand (previous year: ř2,945 thousand), which is categorised as

The assets backing the Bank’s retirement benefit plan for pre-

short-term employee benefits in accordance with IAS 24.17.

sent and former members of the Board of Managing Directors or

Group Financial Statements

(67) Date of release for publication
The Group financial statements were approved by the Board of

inary figures for the 2017 results were released by the Board of

Managing Directors for submission to the Supervisory Board on

Managing Directors for publication on 5 February 2018.

02 March 2018. The Supervisory Board is responsible for reviewing and formally approving the Group financial statements. Prelim-

(68) Corporate Governance Code
We have issued our annual declaration of compliance with the

com). An annual declaration of compliance with the German Cor-

German Corporate Governance Code pursuant to Art. 161, German

porate Governance Code pursuant to Art. 161, Stock Corporation

Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) and made it permanently

Act has also been issued for comdirect bank AG and made

available to shareholders on the internet (www.commerzbank.

permanently available on the internet (www.comdirect.com).

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

255

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

(69) Country-specific reporting
The following information pursuant to Art. 26a KWG relates to the

is based on each company’s separate financial statements under

companies of Commerzbank Group consolidated under IFRS.

International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and comprises

Return on capital for the Group was 0.06 % as at 31 December

income before loan loss provisions. The pre-tax profit or loss and

2017. For the statement of business purpose please refer to our

taxes on income are also taken from each company’s separate

ownership interests (Note 73) in the electronic version of the

financial statements under IFRS. The average number of employ-

annual report available on the internet under “Commerzbank >

ees includes both full-time personnel and part-time personnel

Investor Relations” (www.commerzbank.de). The turnover figure

converted into full-time equivalents.
Taxes on income1

řm

Pre-tax profit
or loss
řm

6,397

– 489

158

32,236

China including Hongkong and Shanghai

76

9

12

289

France

33

8

3

86

United Kingdom

843

356

26

990

Luxembourg

144

– 11

–7

246

Netherlands

14

3

–3

36

Poland

1,078

387

101

6,977

Russia

42

21

4

141

Singapore

64

–2

1

381

USA

146

39

– 24

356

Others

272

83

23

697

Taxes on income1

Employees
number

řm

Pre-tax profit
or loss
řm

6,280

– 132

261

33,182

China including Hongkong and Shanghai

86

14

3

286

France

34

12

7

83

United Kingdom

852

367

137

1,139

Luxembourg

435

261

28

324

Netherlands

12

–1

–2

38

Poland

1,021

416

96

6,925

Russia

43

28

8

140

Singapore

99

25

1

386

USA

138

3

–1

441

Others

246

82

4

703

31.12.2017

Germany

řm

The difference between the tax ratios and nominal tax rates in the different countries largely derive from effects relating
to the retrospective recognition or impairment of deferred taxes and from taxes for prior years (e.g. recognition and
release of tax provisions).

31.12.2016

Germany

1

Employees
number

Turnover

The difference between the tax ratios and nominal tax rates in the different countries largely derive from effects
relating to the retrospective recognition or impairment of deferred taxes and from taxes for prior years (e.g.
recognition and release of tax provisions).

řm

Group Financial Statements

1

Turnover

256

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

(70) Information on unconsolidated structured entities
The unconsolidated structured entities of the Commerzbank Group
comprise the transaction types (clusters) set out below.

These companies design need-based leasing and financing

• Asset-backed securities (ABSs)

concepts for large plant such as real estate, aircraft, ships and

Asset-backed securities are collateralised securities designed to

regenerative energy systems. Normally, for every transaction,

convert particular assets, usually loans, into interest-bearing

an autonomous special-purpose company is established in

tradable securities through securitisation. The underlying

which the Commerz Real Group is a majority or minority stake-

assets may include, for example, consumer loans (auto loans,

holder. As a financial services company, the Commerz Real

credit card assets), mortgage loans and high-grade corporate

Group does not provide loans to these companies. Loans are

loans. The companies are financed through the issue of various

instead provided by lending institutions within and outside the

tranches of asset-backed securities. Investors in these securi-

Group. The core business of Commerz Real does, however,

ties are subject to the default risk of the underlying asset.

include administration related to the structured entities.

Commerzbank only invests in investment grade ABS tranches.

• CFS Funds Business

Group Financial Statements

• Property financing companies

• Private Finance Initiative & Structured Credit Legacy (PFI and
SCL)

This includes all the mutual funds launched by Commerz Funds

This cluster comprises positions from the former Portfolio

Solutions S.A. and not consolidated, and ComStage ETFs. The

Restructuring Unit (PRU), which was responsible for managing

business of Commerz Funds Solutions S.A. comprises various

down assets related to the proprietary trading and investment

types of passive investment funds. The company offers ETFs as

activities that were discontinued in 2009. The positions man-

well as mutual funds covering different strategies for, as an

aged by this segment initially included asset-backed securities

example, European markets, industries or particular asset clas-

(ABSs) without a state guarantee, other structured credit prod-

ses. ComStage, which is a Commerzbank brand, is registered

ucts, proprietary trading positions in corporate and bank bonds

as an open-ended investment entity in the form of a SICAV. It

and exotic credit derivatives. The companies are largely

serves as the umbrella fund for ComStage ETFs. ComStage

financed through the issue of various types of asset-backed

ETFs are sub-funds under Luxembourg law that are subject to

securities and bonds. The investors in these securities are

the provisions of European fund regulation. ETFs are

therefore subject to the default risk of the underlying or the

exchange-traded investment funds that aim to track an index as

issuer.

closely as possible without active portfolio management.

• Others

Commerzbank holds units in individual mutual funds and ETFs

These are structured entities that are not included in the above

in order to ensure a liquid market or supports new fund

categories. This category mainly includes capital market trans-

launches with a seed money contribution. Own securitisations

actions by Asset Solutions & Structured Finance (AS&SF) and

and securitisation platform

structured transactions in connection with credit derivatives

Commerzbank’s own securitisations are true-sale and synthetic

transactions. AS&SF carries out transactions for customers with

securitisations used for the purpose of steering the liquidity,

limited access to the capital markets and brings them together

capital and risk-weighted assets of the Bank. The companies

with alternative providers of capital. The focus in Structured

that acquire the assets are financed through the issue of vari-

Finance is on structuring and distributing financing and

ous tranches of securities that are placed on the capital market.

investment solutions for corporate customers and financial in-

Furthermore, Commerzbank also sponsors a securitisation plat-

stitutions. Structured Asset Solutions concentrates on the

form. With this conduit programme, Commerzbank structures,

financing of tangible assets and other assets using leasing or

arranges and securitises the receivables of third parties who

structured financing. This also includes the involvement of

are customers of the Corporate Clients segment. The securitisa-

alternative providers of capital from outside the banking sector.

tion companies refinance themselves through the issue of asset-

These activities are supplemented with the structuring of

backed securities and liquidity lines. Default risk is covered by

investment solutions, and the underwriting and placement

external bad debt insurance as well as existing over-hedging.

of suitable financings for that purpose.

• Hedge funds
These are investments in hedge fund units made in the interest

The carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities and income

of the customer. The performance and risk of the units are

and expenses of the Commerzbank Group relating to unconsoli-

passed on to the customer by means of total return swaps or

dated structured entities are set out in the tables below: The size

certificates. Commerzbank thus secures itself financially and

of the unconsolidated structured entities and the Commerzbank

does not invest for its own account.

Group’s maximum exposure to loss are also shown.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

The maximum exposure to loss for the Commerzbank Group

equivalent to the current carrying values of these items after loss

with regard to unconsolidated structured entities results from rec-

provisions. For loan commitments and guarantees we treat the

ognised assets and from lending commitments and guarantees

nominal value of the commitment as the maximum risk of loss.

provided to unconsolidated structured entities that had not yet

The maximum risk of loss is shown gross, i.e. without regard to

been utilised as at the reporting dates. The maximum risk of loss

collateral or hedging activities serving the purpose of risk mitiga-

on assets with regard to unconsolidated structured entities is

tion.

řm

ABS

Own
securitisations

CFS Funds
Business

Hedgefunds

Leasing
structured
entities

PFI and
SCL

Others

Assets as at 31.12.2017

7,073

1,380

108

235

458

1,226

223

–

1,358

5

0

451

0

84

7,073

17

–

24

4

183

98

Financial Assets – Held for
Trading

–

5

103

211

3

943

40

Other Assets

–

0

–

–

–

100

0

–

1,058

24

0

28

0

30

Financial Liabilities – Amortised
Cost

–

112

1

–

28

–

2

Financial Liabilities – Held for
Trading

–

0

23

–

–

0

28

Other Liabilities

–

946

–

0

–

0

0

Net interest income after loan loss
provisions

82

– 47

–5

–

15

59

5

Net commission income

–

4

0

–

7

0

0

Net income from financial assets
and liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss and other profit or
loss from financial instruments

5

– 37

618

18

–1

59

– 24

Other net income

–

–

–

–

–1

30

–

Financial Assets – Loans and
Receivables
Financial Assets – Available for
Sale

Liabilities as at 31.12.2017

257

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Income and expenses from
1.1.– 31.12.2017

Assets

7,073

1,380

108

235

458

1,226

223

Lending commitments

–

2,565

–

–

–

–

106

Guarantees

–

16

–

–

0

–

–

68,450

5,450

10,634

235

3,003

1,073

40,766

Extent1
1

The size of unconsolidated structured entities generally reflects the total assets of the companies. The issuance volume is shown for the ABS cluster
and the stakes held by Commerzbank are shown for the hedge funds, PFI and SCL clusters.

Group Financial Statements

Maximum exposure to loss as at
31.12.2017

258

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

řm

ABS

Own
securitisations

CFS Funds
Business

Hedgefunds

Leasing
structured
entities

PFI and
SCL

Others

Assets as at 31.12.2016

8,664

1,317

440

234

470

1,452

364

Financial Assets – Loans and
Receivables

133

1,063

–

1

460

7

26

Financial Assets – Available for
Sale

8,524

–

282

24

5

347

118

Financial Assets – Held for
Trading

7

254

158

204

4

992

220

Other Assets

–

0

–

5

–

105

–

–

1,144

27

0

26

0

92

Financial Liabilities – Amortised
Cost

–

72

13

–

26

–

52

Financial Liabilities – Held for
Trading

–

0

14

–

–

0

39

Other Liabilities

–

1,071

–

0

–

–

0

Net interest income after loan loss
provisions

74

– 58

–5

–

17

125

25

Net commission income

–

3

0

–

9

1

0

Net income from financial assets
and liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss and other profit or
loss from financial instruments

7

8

15

–0

–1

90

– 45

Other net income

–

–

–

–

–1

13

–0

Liabilities as at 31.12.2016

Income and expenses from
1.1.– 31.12.2016

Maximum exposure to loss as at
31.12.2016
Assets

8,664

1,317

440

234

470

1,452

364

Lending commitments

–

2,924

–

–

–

–

–

Guarantees

–

16

–

–

0

–

–

65,714

6,027

9,071

234

3,028

1,452

10,984

Extent1
1

The size of unconsolidated structured entities generally reflects the total assets of the companies. The issuance volume is shown for the
ABS cluster and the stakes held by Commerzbank are shown for the hedge funds, PFI and SCL clusters.

Commerzbank also acts as sponsor of structured entities in which

As at 31 December 2017 the gross income of the Commerzbank

it does not have an equity holding. An entity is regarded as

Group from sponsored unconsolidated structured entities was

sponsored if:

ř625m (previous year: ř–32m). It related primarily to trading

Group Financial Statements

income attributable to the CFS Funds Business cluster, incl. Com-

• it was launched and/or structured by Commerzbank;
• it has received or bought assets from the Commerzbank Group;
• it is guaranteed by the Commerzbank Group or was marketed
intensively by the Commerzbank Group.

Stage ETFs. The amount of the income results from remeasurement effects for derivatives, which are neutralised on the market
to the greatest extent possible through corresponding offsetting
transactions. The carrying amounts of the assets of the Commerzbank Group relating to sponsored unconsolidated structured entities totalled ř2,046m (previous year: ř2,553m).

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

259

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

(71) Information on significant non-controlling interests
Significant non-controlling interests in the Private and SmallBusiness Customers segment were as shown below. They include
the subsidiary mBank S.A. and the comdirect bank subgroup.
mBank S.A.,
Warsaw, Poland

comdirect bank subgroup,
Quickborn, Germany

31.12.2017

31.12.20162

31.12.2017

31.12.20162

Capital (%)

30.6

30.6

17.7

18.7

Voting rights (%)

30.6

30.6

17.7

18.7

Attributable to non-controlling interests

Consolidated profit or loss (řm)

63

68

13

17

Equity (řm)

937

832

113

116

–

–

6

11

Assets (řm)1

9,111

8,875

4,085

3,597

Liabilities (řm)1

8,091

7,989

3,971

3,480

Profit or Loss (řm)1

74

80

13

17

Pther comprehensive income (řm)1

– 58

– 61

5

–4

Total comprehensive income (řm)1

17

19

17

13

– 159

283

48

174

Dividend paid on shares (in řm)

Cash flows (řm)
1
2

1

Before elimination of intragroup-transactions.
Prior-year figures adjusted due to restatements (see page 152 ff.).

(72) Letters of comfort
In respect of the subsidiaries listed below and included in the
Group financial statements, we undertake to ensure that, except in
the case of political risks, they are able to meet their contractual
liabilities.

comdirect bank Aktiengesellschaft
Commerzbank (Eurasija) AO
Commerzbank Brasil S.A. – Banco Múltiplo

Registered office
Quickborn
Moscow
São Paulo

Commerzbank Inlandsbanken Holding GmbH

Frankfurt/Main

Commerzbank Finance & Covered Bond S.A.

Luxembourg

CommerzTrust GmbH

Frankfurt/Main

Commerz Markets LLC

New York

LSF Loan Solutions Frankfurt GmbH

Eschborn

Group Financial Statements

Name

260

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

(73) Ownership interests
We provide the following information pursuant to Art. 313 (2) of

statements under national accounting regulations. Footnotes,

the German Commercial Code (HGB) and IFRS 12.10 and IFRS

information on business purpose and further comments on the

12.21 on the Group Financial Statements. The data on the equity

tables below appear at the end of this note.

and net profit or loss of the companies is taken from their financial
1. Affiliated companies
a) Affiliated companies included to the Group financial state-

Group Financial Statements

ments
Name

Registered
office

ABANTUM Beteiligungsgesellschaft
mbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

ABORONUM GrundstücksVermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

ABORONUM Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Berlin KG

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

0.0

ACCOMO Hotel HafenCity GmbH & Co. KG Düsseldorf,
Germany

Business
purpose

Share of
Voting rights
capital held (where different)
%
%

85.0

Currency

Equity*
1,000

Net profit
or loss*
1,000

EUR

– 2,321

592

EUR

53

3

EUR

0

2

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

– 80

– 45

ACCOMO Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

26

2

AGUSTO Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

25

–1

AHOTELLO Beteiligungsgesellschaft
mbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

24

1

ALISETTA Verwaltung und Treuhand
GmbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

24

0

ARINGO GmbH & Co. Geschlossene
Investment KG

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

34.3

EUR

10

– 136

ARINGO Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

25

–1

ASTUTIA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

3,825

–

a)

Atlas Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

269,317

–

a) b)

AVENTIMOLA Beteiligungsgesellschaft
mbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

25

–1

BDH Development Sp. z o.o.

Lódz, Poland

SOUNT

100.0

PLN

92,674

– 2,117

Bridge Re Limited

Hamilton,
Bermuda

SOFDL

100.0

USD

620

– 61

CBG Commerz Beteiligungsgesellschaft
Holding mbH

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

6,137

–

CBG Commerz Beteiligungskapital
GmbH & Co. KG

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

49,601

8,136

CERI International Sp. z o.o.

Lódz, Poland

SOUNT

100.0

PLN

15,944

39,934

Coba Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

26

–

comdirect bank Aktiengesellschaft

Quickborn,
Germany

KREDI

82.3

EUR

429,941

69,886

Commerz (East Asia) Limited

Hong Kong,
Hong Kong

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

4,457

123

Commerz Asset Management Asia
Pacific Pte Ltd

Singapore,
Singapore

SOUNT

100.0

USD

26,725

– 281

c)

a) b)

a)

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

261

Further Information

139
142
144
146
148
291

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the
Board of Managing Directors
292 Auditors’ report

Name

Registered
office

Business
purpose

Commerz Bankenholding Nova GmbH

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

982,707

–

a) b)

Commerz Business Consulting GmbH

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

94

–

a) b)

Commerz Direktservice GmbH

Duisburg,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

1,178

–

a)

Luxembourg,
Luxembourg

BETGE

100.0

EUR

7,731

4,637

SOFDL

90.0

EUR

15,464

– 858

Commerz Funds Solutions S.A.
Commerz Grundbesitz Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG
Commerz Markets LLC

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany
Wilmington,
Delaware, USA

Share of
Voting rights
capital held (where different)
%
%

Currency

Equity* Net profit
or loss*
1,000
1,000

SOFDL

100.0

USD

197,611

7,565

Commerz Pearl Limited

London, United
Kingdom

SOFDL

100.0

GBP

20

0

Commerz Real AG

Eschborn,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

408,394

–

a)

Commerz Real Fonds
Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

151

–

a)

Commerz Real Investmentgesellschaft
mbH

Wiesbaden,
Germany

BETGE

100.0

EUR

21,677

–

a)

Commerz Real
Kapitalverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

BETGE

100.0

EUR

5,000

–

a)

Commerz Real Mobilienleasing GmbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

5,385

–

a)

Commerz Real Verwaltung und
Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

26

–

a)

Commerz Securities Hong Kong
Limited

Hong Kong,
Hong Kong

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

10,995

120

Commerz Service-Center Intensive
GmbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

435

–

1) a) b)

Commerz Services Holding GmbH

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

15,979

–

a) b)

Commerz Systems GmbH

Eschborn,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

6,464

–

a) b)

Commerzbank (Eurasija) AO

Moscow,
Russia

KREDI

100.0

11,327,33
RUB
9

826,100

Commerzbank Asset Management Asia
Ltd.

Singapore,
Singapore

SOUNT

100.0

USD

1,892

– 50

Commerzbank Auslandsbanken Holding
AG

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

183,000

–

Commerzbank Brasil S.A. Banco Múltiplo

São Paulo,
Brazil

KREDI

100.0

BRL

249,067

– 10,450

Commerzbank Finance & Covered Bond
S.A.

Luxembourg,
Luxembourg

KREDI

100.0

EUR 1,030,739

58,810

Commerzbank Finance 3 S.à.r.l.

Luxembourg,
Luxembourg

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

771

– 19

Commerzbank Finance BV

Amsterdam,
Netherlands

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

1,294

– 167

Commerzbank Finance Limited

London, United
Kingdom

SOFDL

100.0

GBP

255,319

77,208

Commerzbank Holdings (UK) Limited

London, United
Kingdom

SOFDL

100.0

GBP

15,764

125

Commerzbank Holdings France

Paris, France

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

75,583

– 4,585

Commerzbank Immobilien- und Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

462,597

–

Group Financial Statements

a) b)

a) b)

Group Financial Statements

262

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Name

Registered
office

Commerzbank Inlandsbanken
Holding GmbH

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOFDL

Commerzbank Leasing 4 S.e.n.c.

Luxembourg,
Luxembourg

Commerzbank Leasing 5 S.e.n.c.

Luxembourg,
Luxembourg

Commerzbank Leasing 6 S.à.r.l.

Business
purpose

Share of
Voting rights
capital held (where different)
%
%

Currency

1,000

Net profit
or loss*
1,000

100.0

EUR 2,577,604

–

SOFDL

100.0

GBP

28

– 20

SOFDL

100.0

GBP

93

– 17

Luxembourg,
Luxembourg

SOFDL

100.0

GBP

99

–5

Commerzbank Leasing December (1)
Limited

London, United
Kingdom

SOFDL

100.0

GBP

334

– 17

Commerzbank Leasing December (3)
Limited

London, United
Kingdom

SOFDL

100.0

GBP

681

– 105

Commerzbank Leasing Holdings
Limited

London, United
Kingdom

SOFDL

100.0

GBP

1,028

169

Commerzbank Leasing Limited

London, United
Kingdom

SOFDL

100.0

GBP

1,377

21

Commerzbank Leasing March (3)
Limited

London, United
Kingdom

SOFDL

100.0

GBP

342

16

Commerzbank Leasing September (5)
Limited

London, United
Kingdom

SOFDL

100.0

GBP

261

57

Commerzbank U.S. Finance, Inc.

Wilmington,
Delaware, USA

SOFDL

100.0

USD

338

3

Commerzbank Zrt.

Budapest,
Ungarn

KREDI

100.0

HUF 26,261,000

– 434,000

CommerzFactoring GmbH

Mainz,
Germany

SOFDL

50.1

EUR

1,099

–

CommerzVentures Beteiligungs
GmbH & Co. KG

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOFDL

99.4

EUR

25,106

– 858

CommerzVentures GmbH

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

28,055

– 1,902

ComTS Finance GmbH

Halle (Saale),
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

1,550

–

a) b)

ComTS Kredit GmbH

Duisburg,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

1,050

–

a) b)

ComTS Logistics GmbH

Magdeburg,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

1,550

–

a) b)

ComTS Mitte GmbH

Erfurt,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

2,714

–

a) b)

ComTS Nord GmbH

Magdeburg,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

1,492

–

a) b)

ComTS Ost GmbH

Halle (Saale),
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

1,550

–

a) b)

ComTS West GmbH

Hamm,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

1,256

–

a) b)

Dr. Gubelt Beteiligungsgesellschaft
mbH & Co. Objekt Erfurt KG

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOUNT

0.1

0.3

EUR

– 2,970

2,670

c)

Dr. Gubelt Beteiligungsgesellschaft
mbH & Co. Objekt Halle Am Markt KG

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOUNT

6.0

7.0

EUR

– 1,066

238

c)

Dr. Gubelt Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt
Frankfurt Neue Mainzer Straße KG

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOUNT

94.9

EUR

19,910

6,965

c)

Dr. Gubelt Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt
Schwabing KG

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOUNT

8.1

EUR

– 4,327

1,108

c)

99.5

65.0

Equity*

a) b)

a)

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

263

Further Information

139
142
144
146
148
291

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the
Board of Managing Directors
292 Auditors’ report

Registered
office

Dr. Gubelt Grundstücks-VermietungsgeDüsseldorf,
sellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Wuppertal KG Germany

Business
purpose

Share of
Voting rights
capital held (where different)
%
%

Currency

Equity* Net profit
or loss*
1,000
1,000

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

– 420

– 330

Dresdner Capital LLC I

Wilmington,
Delaware, USA

SOFDL

100.0

USD

1,790

42

Dresdner Capital LLC IV

Wilmington,
Delaware, USA

SOFDL

100.0

JPY

18,566

– 38

Dresdner Kleinwort Luminary Inc.

Wilmington,
Delaware, USA

SOFDL

100.0

USD

742,872

105

Dresdner Lateinamerika
Aktiengesellschaft

Hamburg,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

32,109

–

a) b)

DSB Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

25

–

a) b)

Entertainment Asset Holdings C.V.

Amsterdam,
Netherlands

SOUNT

58.2

EUR

– 151

– 26

Entertainment Asset Holdings GP B.V.

Amsterdam,
Netherlands

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

0

0

Eschborn Capital LLC

Wilmington,
Delaware, USA

SOFDL

100.0

USD

7,315

4

European Bank for Financial Services
GmbH (ebase)

Aschheim,
Germany

KREDI

100.0

EUR

26,800

–

a)

FABA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

26

–

a) b)

Film Library Holdings LLC

Wilmington,
Delaware, USA

SOUNT

51.0

USD

67,713

4,062

Frega Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

31

8,616

Future Tech Fundusz Inwestycyjny
Zamkniety

Warsaw, Poland

SOFDL

98.0

PLN

0

0

Garbary Sp. z o.o.

Poznan, Poland

SOUNT

100.0

PLN

45,504

– 2,177

Greene Elm Trading II LLC

Wilmington,
Delaware, USA

SOFDL

100.0

USD

14,966

378

Greene Elm Trading V LLC

Wilmington,
Delaware, USA

SOFDL

100.0

USD

9,652

148

Greene Elm Trading VI LLC

Wilmington,
Delaware, USA

SOFDL

100.0

USD

11,758

167

Greene Elm Trading VII LLC

Wilmington,
Delaware, USA

SOFDL

100.0

USD

15,383

0

Gresham Leasing March (2) Limited

London, United
Kingdom

SOFDL

100.0

GBP

2,511

– 27

Kira Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Munich,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

74,830

–

a)

Kommanditgesellschaft “MS CPO
ALICANTE” Offen Reederei GmbH & Co.

Hamburg,
Germany

SOUNT

90.0

EUR

18,552

371

b)

Kommanditgesellschaft MS “CPO
ANCONA” Offen Reederei GmbH & Co.

Hamburg,
Germany

SOUNT

77.2

EUR

21,026

5,645

b)

Kommanditgesellschaft MS “CPO
BILBAO” Offen Reederei GmbH & Co.

Hamburg,
Germany

SOUNT

90.0

EUR

17,163

1,871

b)

Kommanditgesellschaft MS “CPO
Hamburg,
MARSEILLE” Offen Reederei GmbH & Co. Germany

SOUNT

77.2

EUR

16,971

4,211

b)

Kommanditgesellschaft MS “CPO
PALERMO” Offen Reederei GmbH & Co.

Hamburg,
Germany

SOUNT

73.9

EUR

39,478

2,503

b)

Kommanditgesellschaft MS “CPO
TOULON” Offen Reederei GmbH & Co.

Hamburg,
Germany

SOUNT

90.0

EUR

17,847

2,359

b)

Kommanditgesellschaft MS “CPO
Hamburg,
VALENCIA” Offen Reederei GmbH & Co. Germany

SOUNT

90.0

EUR

19,040

1,770

b)

0.0

77.4

Group Financial Statements

Name

Group Financial Statements

264

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Name

Registered
office

LSF Loan Solutions Frankfurt GmbH

Eschborn,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

115,291

–

mBank Hipoteczny S.A.

Warsaw, Poland

KREDI

100.0

PLN

880,277

23,422

mBank S.A.

Warsaw, Poland

KREDI

69.4

PLN 11,804,464 1,219,339

mCentrum Operacji Sp. z o.o.

Aleksandrów
Lódzki, Poland

SOUNT

100.0

PLN

MERKUR Grundstücks GmbH

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

9,233

–

mFaktoring S.A.

Warsaw, Poland

SOFDL

100.0

PLN

61,053

11,342

mFinance France S.A.

Paris, France

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

335

195

mFinanse S.A.

Lódz, Poland

SOUNT

100.0

PLN

154,709

135,431

mLeasing Sp. z o.o.

Warsaw, Poland

SOFDL

100.0

PLN

276,041

56,360

MOLARIS Verwaltungs- und
Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

25.0

EUR

5,706

– 1,209

c)

NAVIPOS Schiffsbeteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

35,394

– 3,271

b)

NOVELLA GrundstücksVermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

11,176

–

a)

OLEANDRA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt KaiserKarree KG

Grünwald,
Germany

SOUNT

85.0

EUR

5,541

3,977

c)

OnVista Aktiengesellschaft

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

35,020

– 1,939

onvista media GmbH

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

912

0

REFUGIUM Beteiligungsgesellschaft
mbH

Grünwald,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

9,362

72

SECUNDO GrundstücksVermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf,
Germany

SOUNT

100.0

EUR

5,811

–

Tele-Tech Investment Sp. z o.o.

Warsaw, Poland

SOFDL

100.0

PLN

510

31

TOMO Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main,
Germany

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

22,778

–

Twins Financing LLC

Dover,
Delaware, USA

SOUNT

60.0

USD

1,965

795

Wilmots Leasing AB

Stockholm,
Sweden

SOFDL

100.0

SEK

431

– 343

Zelos Luxembourg S.C.S.

Luxembourg,
Luxembourg

SOFDL

100.0

EUR

– 20,081

– 5,436

Business
purpose

Share of
Voting rights
capital held (where different)
%
%

93.0

Currency

Equity*
1,000

33,882

Net profit
or loss*
1,000
a) b)

561
a) b)

a)

a) b)

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

265

Further Information

139
142
144
146
148
291

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the
Board of Managing Directors
292 Auditors’ report

b) Affiliated companies not included to the Group financial
statement due to their minor significance
Name

Registered office

1. CR Fonds-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

10. CR Fonds-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

11. CR Fonds-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

12. CR Fonds-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

13. CR Fonds-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

14. CR Fonds-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

14. CR Immobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Berlin Lindencorso KG i.L.

Düsseldorf, Germany

81.4

2. CR Fonds-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

2. CR Immobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Balingen KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

75.8

75.9

2. CR Immobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Heilbronn KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

78.1

78.3

3. CR Fonds-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

4. CR Fonds-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

5. CR Fonds-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

6. CR Fonds-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

7. CR Fonds-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

8. CR Fonds-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

9. CR Fonds-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ABALINGA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ABANTITIM Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ABELASSA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ABELLANA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ABODA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ACARINA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ACCESSA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ACILIA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

ACINA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

ACONITA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

ACRONA Photovoltaik-Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Actium Leasobjekt Gesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

ACTOSA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ADAMANTA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ADAMANTA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Elbphilharmonie KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

50.0

ADELIA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ADENARA Flugzeug-Leasinggesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ADMEO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ADMERA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ADORA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ADRUGA Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ADURAMA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AFORTUNA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AGALINA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AGARBA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Share of
capital held
%

Voting rights
(where different)
%

2)

c)

100.0
c)

Group Financial Statements

a)

Group Financial Statements

266

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Name

Registered office

AGASILA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AHOIH Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AJOLA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AKERA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALACRITAS Verwaltungs- und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALBELLA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALBOLA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALDINGA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALDULA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALEMONA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALFUTURA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALICANTE NOVA Shipping Limited

Monrovia, Liberia

100.0

ALIVERA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALLATA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

94.0

ALLORUM Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALMARENA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALMARENA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Berlin KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

0.0

ALMONDA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALMURUS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALSANTA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALSANTA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekte RiCö KG i.L.

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALSENNA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALUBRA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALVARA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALVENTA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ALVINA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AMALIA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AMATA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AMENA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AMERA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AMONEUS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AMTERA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ANBANA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ANCAVA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ANCONA NOVA Shipping Limited

Monrovia, Liberia

100.0

ANDINO Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

a)

ANDINO Dritte Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

a)

ANDINO Fünfte Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ANDINO Vierte Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ANDINO Zweite Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ANET Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

APTEMUS Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ARAFINA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ARAUNA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ARBITRIA Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AREBA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Share of
capital held
%

Voting rights
(where different)
%

50.0

c)

a)

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

267

Further Information

139
142
144
146
148
291

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the
Board of Managing Directors
292 Auditors’ report

Name

Registered office

ARIBELLA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Ariondaz SAS

Paris, France

100.0

ARKAMA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ARMILLA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Arvilla Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ARVILLUX S.a.r.l.

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

100.0

ARVINA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ASCETO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ASERTUNA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ASKIBA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ASSANDRA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ASSENTO Photovoltaik-Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ASSERTA Flugzeug-Leasinggesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ASTRADA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

ATUNO Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AURESTA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AVALERIA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AVALERIA Hotel HafenCity GmbH & Co. KG

Hamburg, Germany

94.8

AVANCIA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AVERTUM Flugzeug-Leasinggesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AVERTUM Flugzeug-Leasinggesellschaft mbH & Co.
Zweite Legacy 600 KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AVIO Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

AVOLO Flugzeugleasinggesellschaft mbH

Karlsruhe, Germany

100.0

AWINTO Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

BENE Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

BERGA Grundstücks-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

Beteiligungsgesellschaft für Industrie und Handel mbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

BILBAO NOVA Shipping Limited

Monrovia, Liberia

100.0

Blue Amber Fund Management S.A.

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

100.0

BONITAS Mobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

BONITAS Mobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Friedrichshafen KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

BRE Property Partner Sp. z o.o.

Warsaw, Poland

100.0

CBG Commerz Beteiligungskapital Verwaltungs GmbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

CCR Courtage i.L.

Paris, France

100.0

CFB-Fonds Transfair GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

CG Japan GmbH

Wiesbaden, Germany

100.0

CGI Stadtgalerie Schweinfurt Verwaltungs- GmbH

Wiesbaden, Germany

100.0

CGI Victoria Square Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

CGI Victoria Square Nominees Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

CIMONUSA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

CIV GmbH Beta

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

COLLEGIUM GLASHÜTTEN Zentrum für Kommunikation GmbH

Glashütten, Germany

100.0

Commerz Brasil Holding e Servicos Ltda.

São Paulo, Brazil

100.0

Commerz Building and Management GmbH

Essen, Germany

100.0

Commerz Equipment Leasing Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Commerz GOA Realty Associates LLC

Wilmington, Delaware, USA

49.0

Share of
capital held
%

Voting rights
(where different)
%

c)

94.0

c)

19.0

c)

51.0

c)

a)

a)

a)

50.0

c)

Group Financial Statements

0.0

Group Financial Statements

268

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Name

Registered office

Commerz Keyes Avenue Properties (Proprietary) Ltd.

Johannesburg, South Africa

100.0

Commerz Kreditbearbeitung GmbH

Duisburg, Germany

100.0

Commerz Nederland N.V.

Amsterdam, Netherlands

100.0

Commerz Nominees Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Commerz Property GmbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

Commerz Real Asia Pacific Limited

Hong Kong, Hong Kong

100.0

Commerz Real Asset Structuring GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Commerz Real Asset Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

Commerz Real Baumanagement GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Commerz Real Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

22.9

Commerz Real Digitale Vertriebs- und Service GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Commerz Real Finanzierungsleasing GmbH i.L.

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Commerz Real Fund Management S.à.r.l.

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

100.0

Commerz Real North Ltd.

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Commerz Real Southern Europe GmbH

Wiesbaden, Germany

100.0

Commerz Real West BV

Amstelveen, Netherlands

100.0

Commerz Real Western Europe GmbH

Wiesbaden, Germany

100.0

Commerz Realty Associates GP V, LLC

Wilmington, Delaware, USA

100.0

Commerz Regulatory Models GmbH i.L.

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

Commerz Trade Services Sdn. Bhd.

Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia

100.0

Commerz Trade Services Sociedad Anónima

San José, Costa Rica

100.0

Commerzbank Capital Investment Company Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Commerzbank Capital Management Unternehmensbeteiligungs GmbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

Commerzbank Investments (UK) Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Commerzbank Leasing December (12) Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Commerzbank Leasing December (13) Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Commerzbank Leasing December (26) Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Commerzbank Leasing December (6) Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Commerzbank Pension Trustees Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Commerzbank Representative Office Nigeria Limited

Lagos, Nigeria

100.0

Commerzbank Representative Office Panama, S.A.

City of Panama, Panama

100.0

Commerzbank São Paulo Servicos Ltda.

São Paulo, Brazil

100.0

Commerzbank Securities Ltd

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Commerzbank Securities Nominees Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

CommerzKommunalbau GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

CommerzLeasing Anlagen-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

CommerzLeasing GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

CommerzStiftungsTreuhand GmbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

CommerzTrust GmbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

CommerzVentures Beteiligungsverwaltungs GmbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

COMUNITHY Immobilien GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

51.0

Copernicus Germany GmbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

CR Hotel Target Pty Ltd

Sydney, Australia

100.0

CR KaiserKarree Holding S.a.r.l.

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

100.0

Crédito Germánico S.A.

Montevideo, Uruguay

100.0

CRI Erste Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Wiesbaden, Germany

100.0

CSA COMMERZ SOUTH AFRICA (PROPRIETARY) LIMITED

Johannesburg, South Africa

100.0

Share of
capital held
%

Voting rights
(where different)
%

3)

a)

a)
a)

23.0

c)

4) a)

a)

c)

5) a)

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

269

Further Information

139
142
144
146
148
291

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the
Board of Managing Directors
292 Auditors’ report

Name

Registered office

CSK Sp. z o.o.

Lódz, Poland

DAUNUS Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

Delphi I Eurohypo LLC

Wilmington, Delaware, USA

100.0

Dr. Gubelt Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Dr. Gubelt Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Alpha
Objekt Hauptverwaltung Frankfurt KG i.L.

Düsseldorf, Germany

0.0

4.3

6) c)

Dr. Gubelt Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Beta
Objekt Hauptverwaltung Frankfurt KG i.L.

Düsseldorf, Germany

0.0

2.2

7) c)

Dr. Gubelt Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Dr. Gubelt Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Potsdam Alte Wache KG i.L.

Düsseldorf, Germany

0.0

0.4

c)

Dr. Gubelt Immobilien Vermietungs-Gesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

DRABELA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

50.0

c)

DREBOSTA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

DREBOSTA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Schwerin KG

Grünwald, Germany

6.0

DREDOLA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

50.0

c)

DREFLORA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

50.0

c)

DRELARA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

50.0

c)

DRELOBA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft & Co.
Objekt Gevelsberg KG

Grünwald, Germany

6.0

DRELOBA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

DRELOSINA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

50.0

c)

DRENITA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

50.0

c)

DRESANA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

50.0

c)

Dresdner Kleinwort Derivative Investments Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Dresdner Kleinwort do Brasil Limitada

Rio de Janeiro, Brazil

100.0

Dresdner Kleinwort Services (Guernsey) Limited

St. Peter Port, Guernsey

100.0

Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein Securities (India) Private Limited

Mumbai, India

75.0

DRETERUM Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

50.0

EHY Real Estate Fund I, LLC

Wilmington, Delaware, USA

100.0

Elfte Umbra Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

EuREAM GmbH

Wiesbaden, Germany

100.0

EVIDENTIA Immobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Falest Investments S.A.

Warsaw, Poland

100.0

Fernwärmenetz Leipzig GmbH

Leipzig, Germany

100.0

Feronia S.A.

Warsaw, Poland

94.0

FLOR Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

FORNAX Kraftwerk-Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

Galbraith Investments Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

General Leasing (No.16) Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Gesellschaft für Kreditsicherung mbH

Berlin, Germany

63.3

GIE Dresdner Kleinwort France i.L.

Paris, France

100.0

GRABINO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

GRADARA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

GRAFINO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

GRAFINO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Sendlinger Alm KG

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

GRALANA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

Share of
capital held
%

Voting rights
(where different)
%

100.0
a) c)

2.0

5.0

c)

c)

c)

a) c)
c)

c)

15.0
c)
c)

Group Financial Statements

a)

Group Financial Statements

270

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Name

Registered office

GRALIDA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

GRAMINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

GRAMOLDISCUS Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

GRAMOLINDA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

GRAMOLINDA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Frankfurt KG i.L.

Grünwald, Germany

94.0

c)

GRASSANO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

GRATNOMA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

GRAVIATION Flugzeug-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.

Grünwald, Germany

GRECORA Aviation GmbH

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

GRECORA Aviation GmbH & Co. geschlossene Investment KG

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

Greene Elm Trading IX LLC

Wilmington, Delaware, USA

100.0

Greene Elm Trading VIII LLC

Wilmington, Delaware, USA

100.0

Greene Elm Trading X LLC

Wilmington, Delaware, USA

100.0

GRENADO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

GRENDA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

GRESELA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

Gresham Leasing March (1) Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Gresham Leasing March (3) Limited

London, United Kingdom

70.0

GRETANA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

GRILISA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

GRINA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

GRONDOLA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

GROSINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

GROSINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Berlin Marzahn KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.6

5.0

c)

GROSINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt
Berlin Weißensee KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.6

5.0

c)

GROSINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Chemnitz KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.6

5.0

c)

GROSINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Darmstadt KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.6

5.0

c)

GROSINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Dreieich KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.6

5.0

c)

GROSINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Dresden KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.6

5.0

c)

GROSINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Essen KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.6

5.0

c)

GROSINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Hannover EXPOPark KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.6

5.0

c)

GROSINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Hannover Hauptbetrieb KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.6

5.0

c)

GROSINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Leipzig KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.6

5.0

c)

GROSINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Saarbrücken KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.6

5.0

c)

GROSINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Saarlouis KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.6

5.0

c)

GROSINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Stuttgart KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.6

5.0

c)

GROTEGA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

GRUMENTO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

GRUMONA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

GRUMOSA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

GRUNATA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

c)

HAJOBANTA GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

HAJOBURGA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

HAJOGA-US Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Share of
capital held
%

Voting rights
(where different)
%

c)
c)

40.0

c)

8) c)
c)

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

271

Further Information

139
142
144
146
148
291

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the
Board of Managing Directors
292 Auditors’ report

Name

Registered office

HAJOLENA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

HAJOLINDA Beteiligungsgesellschaft GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

HAJOLUCA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

HAJOMA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

HAJOMINA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

HAJORALDIA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

HAJOSINTA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

HAJOSOLA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

HAJOTARA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Hamudi S.A.

Madrid, Spain

100.0

Haus am Kai 2 O.O.O.

Moscow, Russia

100.0

HDW Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

Herradura Ltd

London, United Kingdom

100.0

HIMUS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

Histel Beteiligungs GmbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

Immobiliengesellschaft Ost Hägle, spol. s.r.o

Prague, Czech Republic

100.0

Immobilienverwaltungsgesellschaft Schlachthof
Offenbach mbH i.L.

Eschborn, Germany

100.0

IMMOFIDUCIA Sp. z. o.o.

Warsaw, Poland

100.0

IWP International West Pictures GmbH & Co. Erste Produktions KG i.L.

Cologne, Germany

95.1

IWP International West Pictures Verwaltungs GmbH

Cologne, Germany

100.0

Japanturm Betriebsgesellschaft mbH i.L.

Wiesbaden, Germany

100.0

JBBK Verwaltungs S.à.r.l.

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

100.0

KENSTONE GmbH

Eschborn, Germany

100.0

a)

KTC Kommunikations- und Trainings-Center Königstein GmbH

Königstein, Germany

100.0

a)

Latona S.A.

Warsaw, Poland

100.0

Libitina S.A.

Warsaw, Poland

93.7

LIVIDA MOLARIS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Erfurt, Germany

LOUISENA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

LOUISENA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Königstein KG

Grünwald, Germany

LUGO Photovoltaik Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.

Düsseldorf, Germany

LUTEA MOLARIS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Berlin, Germany

M 31 Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

Main Incubator GmbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

MARBARDA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MARBINO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MARBREVA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MARBREVA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt AOK Bayern KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

50.0

c)

MARBREVA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt AOK Rheinland-Pfalz KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

50.0

c)

MARIUS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MARLINTA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MAROLA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

Marseille Shipping Limited

Monrovia, Liberia

100.0

Marylebone Commercial Finance (2)

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Max Lease S.à.r.l. i.L.

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

100.0

mBOX Sp. z o.o.

Warsaw, Poland

100.0

mCorporate Finance S.A.

Warsaw, Poland

100.0

Share of
capital held
%

Voting rights
(where different)
%

9)

a) c)
a)

c)

50.0

c)
c)

100.0

10)
c)
c)

c)

c)

11)

Group Financial Statements

100.0

Group Financial Statements

272

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Name

Registered office

MOLANA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLANCONA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLANDA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLANGA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLANKA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLANZIO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLARELLA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLAREZZO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLARGA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLARINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLARIS Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLARIS Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Kurhaus KG i.L.

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLARIS Geschäftsführungs GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLARIS Grundstücksverwaltung GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLARIS Immobilienverwaltung GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLARIS Managementgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLARIS Objektverwaltung GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLARISA Vermögensverwaltung mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLARISSA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLARISSA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Detmold KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLARONA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLAROSA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLASSA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLATHINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLBAKKA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLBAMBA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLBARVA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLBERA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLBERNO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

MOLBOLLA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLBONA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

MOLBRIENZA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLBURGA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLCAMPO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLCENTO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLCOCO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf , Germany

c)

MOLCORA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLCREDO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLDARA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLDEO Mobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLDEO Mobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Lünen KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLDESKA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Mallersdorf KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLDICMA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLDOMA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLDORA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLEMPA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLENDRA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

Share of
capital held
%

Voting rights
(where different)
%
c)

50.0

c)
c)

100.0

c)

100.0

49.0

c)

c)

1.0

2.0

c)

c)

50.0

c)
c)

50.0

c)
c)

50.0

c)

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

273

Further Information

139
142
144
146
148
291

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the
Board of Managing Directors
292 Auditors’ report

Name

Registered office

MOLETUM Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLFENNA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLFINO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.

Berlin, Germany

c)

MOLFOKKA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLFRIEDA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLFUNDA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Berlin, Germany

c)

MOLGABA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLGATO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLGEDI Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLGEKA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Meerbusch, Germany

c)

MOLGERBA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLGERO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLGRADO Vermietungsgesellschaft
Objekt Göttingen und Oldenburg mbH i.L.

Grünwald, Germany

MOLHABIS Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLIGELA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLIGO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Rostock, Germany

c)

MOLISTA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLITA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Hannover, Germany

c)

MOLKANDIS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLKIRA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLKRIMA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLMARTA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLMELFI Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLMIRA Vermietungsgesellschft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLNERA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Berlin, Germany

c)

MOLOTA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

c)

MOLPANA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLPERA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLPETTO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLPIKA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLPIREAS Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

50.0

MOLPURA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

MOLRANO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLRATUS Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLRAWIA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLRESTIA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLRISTA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLRITA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLROLA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLRONDA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLROSSI Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLSANA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLSANTA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLSCHORA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLSIWA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLSOLA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

c)

Share of
capital held
%

50.0

Voting rights
(where different)
%

c)

c)
c)

c)

100.0

c)

100.0

Group Financial Statements

c)

Group Financial Statements

274

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Name

Registered office

MOLSTEFFA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLSTINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLSURA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLTANDO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLTARA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLTERAMO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLTIVOLA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLTUNA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLTUNIS Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLUGA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLVANI Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLVERA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLVINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLVINCA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLVORRA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLWALLA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLWALLA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Schweinfurt KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLWANKUM Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLWARGA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

MOLWORUM Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MOLWORUM Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Ottensen KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

MONATA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MONEA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MORANO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

MS “PUCCINI” Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

NACOLO Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NACONA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NACONGA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAFARI Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAFIRINA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NASIRO Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NASTO Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAUCULA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAULUMO Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAURANTO Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAURATA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAUSOLA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAUTARO Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAUTESSA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAUTIS Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAUTLUS Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAUTO Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAUTORIA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAUTUGO Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVALIS Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVALIS Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
MS “NEDLLOYD JULIANA” KG i.L.

Hamburg, Germany

93.6

Share of
capital held
%

Voting rights
(where different)
%
c)
c)

50.0

1.0

c)

2.0

c)

c)

1.0

2.0

c)
c)

100.0
c)

93.7

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

275

Further Information

139
142
144
146
148
291

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the
Board of Managing Directors
292 Auditors’ report

Name

Registered office

NAVIBOLA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVIBOTO Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVIFIORI Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVIGA Schiffsbeteiligung GmbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVIGATO Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVIGOLO Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVILO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVINA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVIRENA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVIROSSA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVITA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVITARIA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVITONI Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVITOSA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVITURA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NAVO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Berlin KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

10.0

NEPTANA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NEPTILA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NEPTORA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NEPTUGA Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NEPTUNO Schiffsbetriebsgesellschaft mbH

Hamburg, Germany

100.0

NERVUS Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

NESTOR Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

NEUGELB STUDIOS GmbH

Berlin, Germany

100.0

a)

NewEMC GmbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

a)

NOLICA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

70.0

NORA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

NORA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Ettlingen KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

–

50.0

NORA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekte Plön und Preetz KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

90.0

65.0

NOSCO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Mainz, Germany

100.0

NOTITIA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

NOVITAS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Number X Real Estate GmbH i.L.

Eschborn, Germany

100.0

NUMERIA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

NURUS Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Octopus Investment Sp. z o.o.

Warsaw, Poland

100.0

OLEANDRA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

openspace GmbH

Berlin, Germany

82.5

OPTIO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

OPTIO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Schönborn KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

c)

OPTIONA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

ORBITA Kraftwerk-Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

ORBITA Kraftwerk-Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Kraftwerk Hessen KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

ORNATUS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

Voting rights
(where different)
%

15.0

c)

c)

12)

a)

c)

50.0

c)

c)

50.0

c)

Group Financial Statements

Share of
capital held
%

Group Financial Statements

276

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Name

Registered office

OSKAR Medienbeteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

PALERMO Shipping Limited

Monrovia, Liberia

100.0

PAREO Kraftwerk-Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Leipzig, Germany

100.0

PATELLA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Berlin, Germany

PATULA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Stuttgart, Germany

100.0

Pisces Nominees Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

Projekt CH Lodz Sp. z o.o.

Warsaw, Poland

95.5

Property Partner Sp. z o.o.

Warsaw, Poland

100.0

quatron Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

RALTO Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

RAMONIA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

RANA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

RAPIDA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

RAVENNA Kraków Sp. z o.o.

Warsaw, Poland

100.0

RAYMO Vierte Portfolio GmbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

RECURSA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

100.0

REGALIS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

RESIDO Flugzeug-Leasinggesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

RIPA Medien-Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

RIVALIS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

Rood Nominees Limited

London, United Kingdom

100.0

ROSARIA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ROSATA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ROSEA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ROSEA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt ISF Sindlingen KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

0.0

50.0

c)

ROSEA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Veldhoven KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

50.0

c)

ROSEA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekte TANK & RAST KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

0.0

50.0

c)

ROSINTA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

ROSOLA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

SENATORSKA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

SILVA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

Smart Living Immobiliengesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

13)

SOLTRX Transaction Services GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

a)

TALORA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

TAMOLDINA Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

50.0

TASKABANA erste Immobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft
mbH & Co. Objekt Marl KG

Grünwald, Germany

TASKABANA erste Mobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft
mbH & Co. Objekt Marl KG

Grünwald, Germany

TIGNARIS Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

TIGNARIS Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Streubesitz KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

TIGNARIS Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

TIGNATO Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.

Eschborn, Germany

100.0

TOULON NOVA Shipping Limited

Monrovia, Liberia

100.0

T-Rex Baugesellschaft mbH

Wiesbaden, Germany

100.0

T-Rex Verwaltungs GmbH

Wiesbaden, Germany

100.0

Share of
capital held
%

Voting rights
(where different)
%

c)

c)

c)

c)

c)

c)

c)

c)
c)

14)

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

277

Further Information

139
142
144
146
148
291

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the
Board of Managing Directors
292 Auditors’ report

Name

Registered office

U.S. Residential I GP, LLC

Wilmington, Delaware, USA

U.S. Residential Investment I, L.P.

Wilmington, Delaware, USA

90.0

Urban Invest Holding GmbH i.L.

Eschborn, Germany

100.0

VALENCIA NOVA Shipping Limited

Monrovia, Liberia

100.0

Watling Leasing March (1)

London, United Kingdom

100.0

WebTek Software Private Limited

Bangalore, India

100.0

Windpark Duben Süd Verwaltungs GmbH

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

Windpark Fläming 1 GmbH & Co. KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.0

Windpark Fläming 1 Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

Windpark Karche 2 Verwaltungs GmbH

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

Windpark Klosterkumbd Verwaltungs GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Windpark Ottweiler-Bexbach GmbH & Co. KG

Grünwald, Germany

0.0

Windpark Ottweiler-Bexbach Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

100.0

Windpark Rayerschied Verwaltungs GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Windpark Schöneseiffen Verwaltungs GmbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

100.0

Windsor Asset Management GP Ltd.

Toronto, Canada

75.0

Windsor Canada Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

Share of
capital held
%

Voting rights
(where different)
%

100.0

15)

16)

0.1

c)

17)

c)

c)
c)

Group Financial Statements

0.0

278

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

2. Associated companies
a) Associated companies to the Group financial statements
accounted for using the equity method
Name

Registered office

Share of
Voting rights Currency
capital held (where different)
%

Equity*
1,000

Net profit or
loss*
1,000

AKA Ausfuhrkredit-Gesellschaft mbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

31.6

EUR

227,652

4,100

Capital Investment Trust Corporation

Taipeh, Taiwan

24.0

TWD

3,163,802

426,383

Commerz UnternehmensbeteiligungsAktiengesellschaft

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

40.0

EUR

87,169

14,052

DTE Energy Center, LLC

Wilmington, Delaware, USA

50.0

USD

72,710

10,594

HAJOBANTA GmbH & Co. Asia
Opportunity I KG

23,682

1,982

Düsseldorf, Germany

20.8

EUR

ILV Immobilien-Leasing
Verwaltungsgesellschaft Düsseldorf mbH Düsseldorf, Germany

50.0

EUR

15,469

4,496

mLocum S.A.

29.0

PLN

122,394

14,561

Lódz, Poland

c)

b) Associated companies to the Group financial statements not
accounted for using the equity method due to their minor

Group Financial Statements

significance
Name

Registered office

Share of
Voting rights
capital (where different)
%
%

AF Eigenkapitalfonds für deutschen Mittelstand GmbH & Co. KG

Munich, Germany

47.4

47.5

AGASILA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Düsseldorf KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

24.3

29.8

ALIVERA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Düsseldorf-Lichtenbroich KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

5.2

25.0

ASTIRA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Düsseldorf, Germany

50.0

ATISHA Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Paris KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

50.0

Film & Entertainment VIP MEDIENFONDS 3 GmbH & Co. KG i.L.

Grünwald, Germany

42.8

FRAST Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Grünwald, Germany

49.0

FRAST Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Kokerei KG

Grünwald, Germany

GIE Go Lease

Puteaux, France

50.0

GIE Hu Lease

Puteaux, France

50.0

GOPA Gesellschaft für Organisation, Planung und Ausbildung mbH

Bad Homburg, Germany

24.8

28.8

Immobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft Dr. Rühl GmbH & Co. Objekt Stutensee KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

3.5

25.0

Immobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft Reeder & Co. Objekt Plauen-Park KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

21.4

21.3

Koppelenweg I BV

Hoevelaken, Netherlands

33.3

MAECENA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Dortmund KG i.L.

Düsseldorf, Germany

5.0

33.3

MFG Flughafen-Grundstücksverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. BETA KG i.L.

Grünwald, Germany

29.4

29.0

MIDAS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Langenhagen KG i.L.

Düsseldorf, Germany

5.0

50.0

MINERVA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Radolfzell KG i.L.

Düsseldorf, Germany

21.0

MOLWANKUM Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Landkreis Hildburghausen KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

6.0

MS “Meta” Stefan Patjens GmbH & Co. KG i. L.

Drochtersen, Germany

30.5

NESTOR Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co.
Objekt Villingen-Schwenningen

Düsseldorf, Germany

0.0

50.0

NOSSIA Grundstücks-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG i.L.

Pöcking, Germany

2.5

25.0

OSCA Grundstücks-Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG i. L.

Grünwald, Germany

26.0

Pinova GmbH & Co. Erste Beteiligungs KG

Munich, Germany

40.0

PRUNA Betreiber GmbH

Grünwald, Germany

51.0

Rendite Partner Gesellschaft für Vermögensverwaltung mbH i. L.

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

33.3

SUEZ Immobilia GmbH & Co. KG

Cologne, Germany

5.1

c)

31.0
18)

50.0

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

279

Further Information

139
142
144
146
148
291

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the
Board of Managing Directors
292 Auditors’ report

3. Joint ventures
a) Joint ventures to the Group financial statements accounted
for using the equity method
Name

Registered office

Share of
capital
%

Voting rights
(where different)

Currency

Equity*
1,000

Net profit
or loss*
1,000

Delphi I LLC

Wilmington, Delaware, USA

33.3

EUR

– 513,489

– 19,074

FV Holding S.A.

Brussels, Belgium

60.0

EUR

1,309

– 86

b) Joint ventures in the Group financial statements not accounted
for using the equity method due to their minor significance
Name

Registered office

Bonitos Verwaltungs GmbH i.L.

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

50.0

NULUX NUKEM LUXEMBOURG GmbH

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

49.5

Equity*
%

Voting rights
(where different)
%
19)

4. Structured entities
a) Structured entities included in the Group financial statements
pursuant to IFRS 10/IFRS 11
Name

Registered office

Segment

Agate Assets S.A. S014

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

EUR

31

Borromeo Finance S.r.l.

Milan, Italien

FK

EUR

16,582

Bosphorus Capital DAC

Dublin, Ireland

FK

EUR

– 334

Bosphorus Investments DAC

Dublin, Ireland

FK

EUR

– 1,008

CoCo Finance II– 2 DAC

Dublin, Ireland

PUK

EUR

10

Danube Delta PLC

Dublin, Ireland

FK

USD

– 26,941

Justine Capital SRL

Milan, Italien

FK

EUR

– 4,351

LAMINA GrundstücksVerwaltungsgesellschaft
mbH & Co. Objekt Leipzig KG

Grünwald, Germany

SuK

EUR

– 5,930

Liffey Emerald Limited

Dublin, Ireland

FK

EUR

–

Livingstone Mortgages Limited

London, United Kingdom

FK

GBP

45,409

Plymouth Capital Limited

St. Helier, Jersey

FK

GBP

–

SME Commerz SCB GmbH

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

PUK

EUR

26

Thames SPC

Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands FK

GBP

–

100.0

Voting rights
(where different)
%

16.7

Currency

Equity*
1,000

20)

Group Financial Statements

Share of
capital
%

280

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

b) Structured entitites not included in the Group financial
statements pursuant to IFRS 10/IFRS 11 due to their minor
significance
Name

Registered office

Segment

Caduceus Compartment 5

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

CB MezzCAP Limited Partnership

St. Helier, Jersey

PUK

GRENADO Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Brigachschiene KG

Grünwald, Germany

PUK

HSC Life Policy Pooling S.A.R.L.

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

MERKUR Grundstücks-Gesellschaft Objekt Berlin Lange Straße mbH & Co. KG i.L.

Grünwald, Germany

SuK

MOLKANDIS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Kaltenkichen KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

PUK

OLEANDRA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Haar KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

PUK

TIGNARIS Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Burscheid KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

PUK

TIGNARIS Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Kleve KG

Düsseldorf, Germany

PUK

21)

5. Investment funds
a) Investment funds included in the Group financial statements
pursuant to IFRS 10/IFRS 11

Group Financial Statements

Name

Registered office

Segment

Share of
investor to fund
%

Currency

Fund volume
1,000

CDBS-Cofonds

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

PUK

100.0

EUR

CDBS-Cofonds II

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

PUK

100.0

EUR

142,530
96,534

CDBS-Cofonds III

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

PUK

100.0

EUR

132,441

CDBS-Cofonds IV

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

PUK

100.0

EUR

132,820

CDBS-Cofonds V

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

PUK

100.0

EUR

109,138

Green Loan Fund I

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

PUK

100.0

EUR

62,380

Olympic Investment Fund II

Grevenmacher, Luxembourg

FK

98.3

EUR

2,456,656

Premium Management
Immobilien-Anlagen

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

PUK

98.5

EUR

92,772

VFM Mutual Fund AG & Co. KG

Gamprin-Bendern, Liechtenstein

FK

51.8

CHF

402,741

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

281

139
142
144
146
148
291

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the
Board of Managing Directors
292 Auditors’ report

b) Investment funds not included in the Group financial
statements pursuant to IFRS 10/IFRS 11 due to their minor
significance
Name

Registered office

Segment

Commerzbank CCBI RQFII Money Market UCITS ETF B

London, United Kingdom

FK

Commerzbank CCBI RQFII Money Market UCITS ETF C

London, United Kingdom

FK

Commerzbank Rohstoff Strategie R USD

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

Commerzbank Wertsicherungsfonds plus I

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

Commerzbank Wertsicherungsfonds plus II

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage 1 DAX UCITS ETF (I) (II)

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

FK

ComStage 1 DivDAX UCITS ETF (I) (II)

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

FK

ComStage CBK 10Y US-Treasury Future UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage Commerzbank Bund-Future Leveraged UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage EURO STOXX 50® NR UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage FTSE 100 UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage iBOXX Germany Covered Capped 3-5 UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage iBOXX Germany Covered Capped 5-7 UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage iBOXX Germany Covered Capped 7-10 UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage iBOXX Germany Covered Capped Overall UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage iBOXX Liquid Sovereigns Diversified 10-15 UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage iBOXX Liquid Sovereigns Diversified 15+ UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage iBOXX Liquid Sovereigns Diversified Overall UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage iBOXX Sovereigns Germany Capped 10+ UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage iBOXX Sovereigns Germany Capped 1-5 UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage iBOXX Sovereigns Germany Capped 5-10 UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage MSCI Italy UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage MSCI Spain UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage STOXX® Europe 600 Industrial Goods & Services UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage STOXX® Europe 600 Retail UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

ComStage STOXX® Europe 600 Travel & Leisure UCITS ETF

Luxembourg, Luxembourg

FK

6. Investments to large corporations where the investment exceeds 5 % of the voting rights
Registered office

EURO Kartensysteme Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung

Frankfurt/Main, Germany

GEWOBA Aktiengesellschaft Wohnen und Bauen

Bremen, Germany

7.1

SCHUFA Holding AG

Wiesbaden, Germany

18.6

Share of
capital
%
13.9

Voting rights
(where different)
%
Group Financial Statements

Name

282

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Footnotes
1)

Renamed: from Service-Center Inkasso GmbH Düsseldorf to Commerz Service-Center Intensive GmbH

2)

Renamed: from 14. CR Immobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Berlin Lindencorso KG to
14. CR Immobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Berlin Lindencorso KG i.L.

3)

Renamed: from Kronen zweitausend285 GmbH to Commerz Kreditbearbeitung GmbH

4)

Renamed: from Commerz Real Finanzierungsleasing GmbH to Commerz Real Finanzierungsleasing GmbH i.L.

5)

Renamed: from Copernicus Germany GmbH i. Gr. to Copernicus Germany GmbH

6)

Renamed: from Dr. Gubelt Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Alpha Objekt Hauptverwaltung Frankfurt KG to
Dr. Gubelt Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Alpha Objekt Hauptverwaltung Frankfurt KG i.L.

7)

Renamed: from Dr. Gubelt Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Beta Objekt Hauptverwaltung Frankfurt KG to
Dr. Gubelt Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Beta Objekt Hauptverwaltung Frankfurt KG i.L.

8)

Renamed: from GRAVIATION Flugzeug-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH to GRAVIATION Flugzeug-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.

9)

Renamed: from HAJORALDIA Verwaltung und Treuhand GmbH to HAJORALDIA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

10)

Renamed: from LUGO Photovoltaik Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH to LUGO Photovoltaik Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.

11)

Renamed: from JMD III Sp. z o.o. to mBOX Sp. z o.o.

12)

Renamed: from Number X Real Estate GmbH to Number X Real Estate GmbH i.L.

13)

Renamed: from ARINO GmbH to Smart Living Immobiliengesellschaft mbH

14)

Renamed: from TIGNATO Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH to TIGNATO Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.

15)

Renamed: from Urban Invest Holding GmbH to Urban Invest Holding GmbH i.L.

16)

Renamed: from Windpark Duben Süd GmbH to Windpark Duben Süd Verwaltungs GmbH

17)

Renamed: from Windpark Karche 2 GmbH to Windpark Karche 2 Verwaltungs GmbH

18)

Renamed: from MS “Meta” Stefan Patjens GmbH & Co. KG to MS “Meta” Stefan Patjens GmbH & Co. KG i. L.

19)

Renamed: from Bonitos Verwaltungs GmbH to Bonitos Verwaltungs GmbH i.L.

20)

Renamed: from CoCo Finance II– 2 Ltd. to CoCo Finance II– 2 DAC

21)

Renamed: from MERKUR Grundstücks-Gesellschaft Objekt Berlin Lange Straße mbH & Co. KG to
MERKUR Grundstücks-Gesellschaft Objekt Berlin Lange Straße mbH & Co. KG i.L.

Comments and Explanations
a) Control and profit transfer agreement.
b) No disclosures persuant to Art. 264 (3) and Art. 264 b of the German Commercial Code (HGB).
c) Agent relationships.

Group Financial Statements

* Financial figures as of last year’s annual report.

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

283

139
142
144
146
148
291

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the
Board of Managing Directors
292 Auditors’ report

Information on business purpose pursuant to Art. 26 a of the
German Banking Act (KWG) as well as on segments:
Abbreviation

Explanation

BETGE

Investment Companies

KREDI

Banks

SOFDL

Other Financial Institutions

SOUNT

Other Companies

ACR

Asset & Capital Recovery

FK

Corporate Clients

PUK

Private and Smal-Business Customers

SuK

Others and Consolidation

Brazil

BRL

3.9729

United Kingdom

GBP

0.8872

Japan

JPY

135.0100

Poland

PLN

4.1770

Russia

RUB

69.3920

Sweden

SEK

9.8438

Switzerland

CHF

1.1702

Taiwan

TWD

35.5397

Hungary

HUF

310.3300

USA

USD

1.1993

Group Financial Statements

Foreign exchange rates for 1ř as at 31 December 2017

284

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

(74) Application of IFRS 9
The Commerzbank Group has been applying IFRS 9 since

compliant only if its contractual cash flows are equivalent to those

1 January 2018 in the version adopted by the European Union.

of a simple loan, i.e. a basic lending arrangement.

However, these financial statements include in this note a detailed

The allocation to the business model can be made on a portfo-

reconciliation of the consolidated balance sheet in accordance

lio basis, whereas the SPPI criterion must always be assessed for

with IAS 39 as at 31 December 2017 to the opening balance sheet

each individual financial instrument.

pursuant to IFRS 9 as at 1 January 2018. The Commerzbank Group

Measurement at amortised cost (AC) requires that the financial

has already applied part of IFRS 9 since 31 March 2017 retrospec-

asset has cash flows which correspond to the SPPI criterion and

tively as at 1 January 2017. Gains or losses deriving from own

that it has been allocated to a portfolio with the “hold” business

credit risk are therefore no longer reported through profit and loss,

model. The associated bookings correspond in principle to the

but instead directly in retained earnings.

previous IAS 39 fair value category of loans and receivables (LaR).
A financial asset is measured at fair value through other com-

General classification and measurement

prehensive income with recycling (FVOCImR) if its cash flows also

The application of IFRS 9 requires the reporting entity to classify

correspond to the SPPI criterion and it has been allocated to a

all assets and liabilities defined as financial instruments under

portfolio with the “hold-and-sell” business model. The associated

IAS 32. This classification aims to enable the user of the financial

accounting therefore corresponds fundamentally to the previous

statements to make a better assessment of the amount, timing and

IAS 39 fair value category of available for sale (AfS).

uncertainty of future cash flows. Fundamentally, all financial

The subsequent measurement at fair value with recognition of

instruments must be recognised at their fair value on the date of

the value fluctuation in the income statement (FVPL) is required if

acquisition. This acquisition principle applies regardless of the

either the financial asset has not been allocated to a portfolio with

financial instrument’s classification.

one of the aforementioned business models or its cash flows are

IFRS 9 sets out four types of subsequent measurement, which

not SPPI-compliant. This measurement category is therefore sub-

depend on the respective business model and the fulfilment of the

sidiary in nature, i.e. if the asset cannot be clearly allocated to one

SPPI criterion (solely payment of principal and interest):

of the two other measurement categories, it must be measured

• measurement at amortised cost (AC)
• fair value through other comprehensive income with recycling

according to this category. A reporting distinction is made in this

(FVOCImR)

• fair value through other comprehensive income without recycling (FVOCIoR)

• fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)

measurement category between financial instruments held for
trading purposes (HfT) and other financial instruments requiring
recognition at fair value with the resulting value fluctuation being
recorded in the income statement (mFVPL). Besides the fair value
option (FVO), there is also the possibility of voluntarily designating
financial assets on acquisition into the mFVPL category if account-

Management allocates the financial assets to one of the follow-

ing mismatches can be avoided.

ing business models based on how the financial assets are managed to generate cash flows:

• “hold” business model: receipt of contractual cash flows with
only seldom or immaterial sales activities.

Group Financial Statements

• “hold and sell” business model: receipt of cash flows through
holding and also through sales.

The methodology for measuring financial assets is based on the
allocation of the asset to one of the following three groups:

• Derivatives:
financial instruments for which the allocation criteria have not
changed as compared with IAS 39. As derivatives do not have

• residual business model: all portfolios that are not allocated to

fixed redemption amounts, subsequent measurement at amor-

the “hold” or “hold and sell” business model. These include

tised cost is not possible. They must always be measured at fair

primarily trading portfolios and portfolios managed on a fair-

value, with the fluctuation in value being recorded in the

value basis. The receipt of contractually agreed cash flows is of

income statement. If derivatives are not used for hedge

minor importance; the main objective is instead to maximise

accounting, they must always be allocated to the trading port-

cash flows through short-term purchases and sales.

folio (HfT).

• Equity instruments:
The second criterion for classifying financial assets is the char-

financial instruments which correspond to the definition of

acteristics of their cash flows. When assessing these cash flows,

equity under IAS 32 for the issuing entity. As equity instru-

the crucial consideration is whether they are solely unleveraged

ments do not involve fixed redemption amounts and instead

interest and principal payments on the outstanding capital, i.e. the

represent only a proportional right, i.e. not a right to receive a

SPPI criterion. In principle, a financial instrument is SPPI-

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

285

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

fixed redemption amount, the SPPI criterion is not fulfilled and

fluctuations that have been recognised in other comprehensive

measurement at AC or FVOCImR is precluded.

income are then recognised in the income statement (recy-

However, an irrevocable decision can be made when the equity

cling).

instrument is acquired to instead measure the instrument
based on the FVOCI-without-recycling method. All value fluctu-

As a rule, financial liabilities must be measured at amortised

ations are recognised in other comprehensive income and are

cost. In addition, the possibility exists of applying the fair value

not reported in the income statement upon the disposal of the

option. Financial liabilities held for trading and all derivatives must

financial instrument (without recycling). This option is not

be reported in the balance sheet in a separate line item and mea-

available for financial instruments that have been acquired for

sured at fair value through profit or loss.

trading purposes or as conditional payment for the acquisition
of a company. In these cases, similar to all other equity instru-

Impairment

ments, they must be measured at FVPL.

IFRS 9 changes the rules on the accounting treatment of expected

• Debt instruments:

default risk (provisions). Unlike in IAS 39, provisions are not rec-

All financial instruments not considered to be derivatives as

ognised only when a specific loss event occurs. Instead, for every

defined in IFRS 9 or equity as defined under IAS 32 are meas-

financial instrument measured at AC or FVOCImR, the credit loss

ured based on the business model and SPPI criteria described

expected over the next 12 months must be recognised as a provi-

above, or in the case of an accounting mismatch in accordance

sion on initial recognition. If the credit risk increases significantly,

with the fair value option of the financial instrument (SPPI cri-

but the borrower is not yet in default, a provision must be recog-

terion). It is also possible to apply the fair value option volun-

nised for the full lifetime expected losses. If an instrument is in

tarily.

default, a provision must be recognised for the lifetime
expected loss on the basis of the estimated cash flows that can still

Debt instruments on the asset side of the balance sheet may
thus be accounted for in one of the following ways:

be expected. In this case, interest income is calculated based on
the net carrying amount.

• Subsequent measurement at AC is required if the financial
instrument is held only to realise the contractually agreed cash

Hedge accounting

flows (“hold” business model) and, in addition, the contractual-

The improvements for hedge accounting contained in IFRS 9 aim

ly agreed cash flows are exclusively interest and principal pay-

to further harmonisation between the accounting treatment of

ments as defined under IFRS 9 (SPPI compliance).

hedging relationships and (economic) risk management. We have

• Subsequent measurement at fair value with recognition of the
change in value in other comprehensive income with recycling

utilised the option provided in the standard and have continued to
apply the previous IAS 39 regulations.

(FVOCImR) is required if the financial instrument is allocated to
a portfolio with the “hold-and- sell” business model and, in

The significant effects from the application of IFRS 9 Financial

addition, the contractually agreed cash flows are only interest

Instruments as at 1 January 2018 are presented in the following

and principal payments, and are thus SPPI-compliant. Upon

reconciliation tables.

Group Financial Statements

disposal of the financial instrument, the cumulative valuation

286

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Assets
řm

Presentation
IAS 39

–

55,733

–

Carrying
amount
IFRS 9
1.1.2018
55,733

LAR

–

AC

–

55,222

–

55,222

LAR

–

mFVPL

–

511

–

511

265,712

– 37

265,675

55,733

Cash on hand and cash on demand

Financial assets – Loans and
Receivables

265,712

–

241,708

– 298

241,409

–

AC

–

233,123

– 200

232,922

LAR

–

FVOCI

–

2,027

2

2,029

LAR

–

mFVPL

–

6,558

– 100

6,458

–

24,004

262

24,266

24,004
LAR

–

AC

–

22,420

270

22,690

LAR

–

FVOCI

–

1,352

3

1,354

LAR

–

mFVPL

–

232

– 11

221

–

31,155

599

31,753
31,418

Financial assets – Available for Sale

31,155

158

30,820

599

AFS

–

AC

–

9,003

599

9,602

AFS

–

FVOCI

–

21,498

–

21,498

–

mFVPL

Debt securities

30,661

AFS
Equity instruments

493

318

–

318

335

–

335

–

FVOCI

–

68

–

68

AFS

–

mFVPL

–

267

–

267

–

23,745

–

23,745

–

23,000

–

23,000

352

746

–

746

23,745
FVO

Debt securities

23,000

mFVPL

393
FVO

–

FVOCI

–

293

–

293

FVO

–

mFVPL

–

452

–

452

– 352

–

–

–
–

Equity instruments

352
FVO

–

FVOCI

–

–

–

FVO

–

mFVPL

–

–

–

–

–

63,666

– 1,980

61,686

Financial assets – Held for Trading

63,666
HFT

Debt securities

1,080

HFT

2,955

–

1,080

–

1,080

2,364

5,319

–

5,319

HFT

–

mFVPL

–

970

–

970

HFT

–

HFT

–

4,349

–

4,349

Equity instruments

HFT

11,302

HFT

– 2,364

8,938

–

8,938

Derivatives and other

HFT

48,328

HFT

–

48,328

– 1,980

46,349

153

–0

153

1,464
181

–1
–

1,463
181

Value adjustment on portfolio fair value
hedges
Positive fair values of derivative
hedging instruments

Group Financial Statements

–
– 158

AFS
Financial assets – Fair Value Option

Holdings in companies accounted for using
the equity method

153

–

1,464

–

181

–

Intangible assets

3,312

–

3,312

–

3,312

Fixed assets

1,600

–

1,600

–

1,600

16

–

16

–

16

Non-current assets held for sale and disposal
groups

78

–

Current tax assets

767

–

78
767

0
–

78
767

Deferred tax assets

2,950

–

2,950

65

3,015

–

1,961

–

1,961

–

452,493

– 1,354

451,139

Investment properties

Other assets
Total
1

Remeasurement

–

241,708

Debt securities

Loans and advances

Reclassification

LAR

Loans and advances

Loans and advances

Carrying Presentation Adjustments1
amount
IFRS 9
31.12.2017

1,961
452,493

The restatement was necessary because the definitions of equity and debt are modified under IFRS 9. Investment fund
units and profit-sharing certificates previously reported under equity instruments were reallocated to securitised debt instruments

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Liabilities and equity
řm

Presentation Carrying amount
IAS 39
IAS 39
31.12.2017

Financial liabilities – AC
Deposits

Presentation
IFRS 9

Further Information

Reclassification

Remeasurement

Carrying amount
IFRS 9
1.1.2018

341,260

341,260

135

341,395

297,890

297,890

– 34

297,856
297,651

OLI

–

AC

297,651

–

OLI

–

FVO

239

– 34

205

43,369

170

43,539

Debt securities issued

43,369
OLI

–

AC

38,306

–6

38,300

OLI

–

FVO

5,064

176

5,239

Financial liabilities – FVO

14,940

14,940

–

14,940

Deposits

FVO

14,279

FVO

14,279

–

14,279

Debt securities issued

FVO

661

FVO

661

–

661

56,484

110

56,593

Financial liabilities – HFT

56,484

Debt securities issued

HFT

5,565

HFT

5,565

–

5,565

Derivatives and other trading liabilities

HFT

50,919

HFT

50,919

110

51,028

491

– 41

451

Value adjustment on portfolio fair value
hedges

491

Negative fair values of derivative hedging
instruments

2,255

2,255

– 383

1,872

Provisions

3,291

3,291

82

3,373

Current tax liabilities

673

673

–

673

Deferred tax liabilities

34

34

– 24

9

Liabilities of disposal groups

–

–

–

–

Other liabilities

3,024

3,024

–

3,024

Equity

28,809

30,041

30,041

– 1,232

Subscribed capital

1,252

1,252

–

1,252

Capital reserve

17,192

17,192

–

17,192

Retained earnings

11,249

11,249

– 1,871

9,378

– 817

– 817

663

– 154

28,877

28,877

– 1,208

27,669

Other reserves
Total before non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests
Total

287

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

1,164

1,164

– 24

1,141

452,493

452,493

– 1,354

451,139

Group Financial Statements

To our Shareholders

288

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The following table shows the opening balance as at 1 January 2018
in comparison to the closing balance as at 31 December 2017:

řm

1.1.2018

31.12.2017

Cash on hand and cash on demand

55,222

55,733

– 511

Financial assets – Amortised Cost (AC)

265,215

n/a

265,215
– 265,712

Financial assets – Loans and Receivables (LAR)

n/a

265,712

Financial assets – Fair Value OCI (FVOCI)

25,243

n/a

25,243

Financial assets – Available for Sale (AFS)

n/a

31,155

– 31,155
– 23,745

Financial assets – Fair Value Option (FVO)

–

23,745

Financial assets – Mandatorily Fair Value P&L (mFVPL)

32,198

n/a

32,198

Financial assets – Held for Trading (HFT)

60,716

63,666

– 2,950

Value adjustment on portfolio fair value hedges

153

153

–0

1,463

1,464

–1

181

181

–

Intangible assets

3,312

3,312

–

Fixed assets

1,600

1,600

–

Investment properties

16

16

–

Non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups

78

78

0

Positive fair values of derivative hedging instruments
Holdings in companies accounted for using the equity method

Current tax assets

767

767

–

Deferred tax assets

3,015

2,950

65

Other assets

1,961

1,961

–

Total

451,139

452,493

– 1,354

řm

1.1.2018

31.12.2017

Change in řm

Financial liabilities – Amortised Cost (AC)

335,951

341,260

– 5,309

Financial liabilities – Fair Value Option (FVO)

20,385

14,940

5,444

Financial liabilities – Held for Trading (HFT)

56,593

56,484

110

451

491

– 41

Negative fair values of derivative hedging instruments

1,872

2,255

– 383

Provisions

3,373

3,291

82

Current tax liabilities

673

673

–

Deferred tax liabilities

9

34

– 24
–

Value adjustment on portfolio fair value hedges

Liabilities of disposal groups

Group Financial Statements

Change in řm

–

–

Other liabilities

3,024

3,024

–

Equity

28,809

30,041

– 1,232
–

Subscribed capital

1,252

1,252

Capital reserve

17,192

17,192

–

Retained earnings

9,378

11,249

– 1,871

Other reserves
Total before non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests
Total

– 154

– 817

663

27,669

28,877

– 1,208

1,141

1,164

– 24

451,139

452,493

– 1,354

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

289

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Report on events after the reporting period
On 9 February 2018, the Bank sold its holding in Capital Investment Trust Corporation, Taipei, Taiwan, a shareholding that was
previously accounted for using the equity method. This sale results
in a positive effect on the income statement for financial year 2018.
There have been no other material events since the end of the

Group Financial Statements

reporting period.

290

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Boards of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft

Supervisory Board
Klaus-Peter Müller
Chairman
Uwe Tschäge1
Deputy Chairman
Employee of
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Hans-Hermann Altenschmidt
Employee of
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
1

Heike Anscheit1
(since 1.1.2017)
Employee of
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Gunnar de Buhr1
Employee of
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Stefan Burghardt1
Branch Manager
Mittelstand Bremen
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Sabine U. Dietrich
Former member of the
Management Board of
BP Europe SE
Karl-Heinz Flöther
Independent management consultant

Group Financial Statements

1

Dr. Tobias Guldimann
(since 3.5.2017)
Independent consultant in the financial
sector
Stefan Jennes1
(since1.2.2017)
Employee of
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Dr. Markus Kerber
Former Chief Executive Director of the
Federal Association of German Industry
(Bundesverband der Deutschen Industrie)
Alexandra Krieger1
Head Business Administration/Corporate
Strategy Industrial Union Mining,
Chemical and Energy
Oliver Leiberich1
Employee of
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Dr. Stefan Lippe
Former CEO
of Swiss Re AG
Beate Mensch
Trade Union Secretary
ver.di Region of the Federal State Hessen
(Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft
ver.di) Organisational Development
1

Anja Mikus
CEO/CIO of the foundation “Fund for the
Financing of Nuclear Waste” German
Federal Ministry of Economics and
Energy
Dr. Roger Müller
(until 3.5.2017)
General Counsel
Deutsche Börse AG
Dr. Helmut Perlet
Chairman of the
Supervisory Board of
GEA GROUP AG
Mark Roach1
Trade Union Secretary
ver.di National Administration
Margit Schoffer1
(until 31.1.2017)
Employee of
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Nicholas Teller
Chairman of the Advisory Board E.R. Capital Holding GmbH & Cie. KG KG
Dr. Gertrude Tumpel-Gugerell
Former member of the Executive Board of
the European Central Bank

Elected by the Bank´s employees.

Board of Managing Directors
Martin Zielke
Chairman

Dr. Marcus Chromik

Frank Annuscheit

Michael Mandel

Stephan Engels

Dr. Bettina Orlopp
(since 1.11.2017)
Michael Reuther

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

291

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

Responsibility statement by the Board of
Managing Directors
To the best of our knowledge, and in accordance with the applica-

mance of the business and the position of the Group, together with

ble reporting principles, the Group financial statements give a true

a description of the principal opportunities and risks associated

and fair view of the net assets, financial position and results of

with the expected development of the Group.

operations of the Group, and the management report of the Group
provides a true and fair review of the development and perforFrankfurt /Main, 2 March 2018
The Board of Managing Directors

Martin Zielke

Frank Annuscheit

Marcus Chromik

Stephan Engels

Michael Mandel

Bettina Orlopp

Group Financial Statements

Michael Reuther

292

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Independent Auditor’s Report
To COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt/Main
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND OF THE GROUP
MANAGEMENT REPORT
Audit Opinions

Basis for the Audit Opinions

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of

We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements

COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt/Main, and its sub-

and of the group management report in accordance with

sidiaries (the Group), which comprise the balance sheet as at

§ 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation (No. 537/2014, referred

31 December 2017, the statement of comprehensive income, the

to subsequently as “EU Audit Regulation”) and in compliance with

statement of changes in equity and the cash flow statement for the

German Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement

financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2017, and notes to

Audits promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer [Institute

the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of sig-

of Public Auditors in Germany] (IDW). We performed the audit of

nificant accounting policies. In addition, we have audited the

the consolidated financial statements in supplementary compli-

group management report of COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft

ance with the International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our

for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2017. We

responsibilities under those requirements, principles and stand-

have not audited the content of those parts of the group manage-

ards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the

ment report listed in the “Other Information” section of our audi-

Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Group

tor’s report in accordance with the German legal requirements.

Management Report” section of our auditor’s report. We are inde-

In our opinion, on the basis of the knowledge obtained in the

pendent of the group entities in accordance with the requirements

audit,

of European law and German commercial and professional law,

• the accompanying consolidated financial statements comply, in

and we have fulfilled our other German professional responsibili-

all material respects, with the IFRSs as adopted by the EU, and

ties in accordance with these requirements. In addition, in accord-

the additional requirements of German commercial law pursu-

ance with Article 10 (2) point (f) of the EU Audit Regulation, we

ant to § [Article] 315e Abs. [paragraph] 1 HGB [Handels-

declare that we have not provided non-audit services prohibited

gesetzbuch: German Commercial Code] and, in compliance with

under Article 5 (1) of the EU Audit Regulation. We believe that the

these requirements, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabil-

audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to

ities, and financial position of the Group as at 31 December

provide a basis for our audit opinions on the consolidated financial

2017, and of its financial performance for the financial year from

statements and on the group management report.

1 January to 31 December 2017, and

Group Financial Statements

• the accompanying group management report as a whole pro-

Key Audit Matters in the Audit of the Consolidated Financial

vides an appropriate view of the Group’s position. In all material

Statements

respects, this group management report is consistent with the

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional

consolidated financial statements, complies with German legal

judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidat-

requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and

ed financial statements for the financial year from 1 January to

risks of future development. Our audit opinion on the group

31 December 2017. These matters were addressed in the context

management report does not cover the content of those parts of

of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole,

the group management report listed in the “Other Information”

and in forming our audit opinion thereon; we do not provide a

section of our auditor’s report.

separate audit opinion on these matters.

Pursuant to § 322 Abs. 3 Satz [sentence] 1 HGB, we declare

In our view, the matters of most significance in our audit were as

that our audit has not led to any reservations relating to the legal
compliance of the consolidated financial statements and of the
group management report.

follows:

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

1. Measurement of ship financing loans

own analyses and data from external analysts. We have involved

2. Valuation of securities and derivatives at fair value

our specialists for ship valuation and our specialists for the areas of

3. Acquisition of installment loan business of Commerz Finanz

IT audit and financial mathematics in the assessment of the meas-

GmbH

urement of the ship financing loans. The valuation parameters and

4. Recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets

assumptions used by the executive directors of COMMERZBANK

5. Audit of provisions required in the context of the “Commerz-

Aktiengesellschaft to measure the ship financing portfolio are with-

bank 4.0” strategy

293

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

in the ranges we consider to be acceptable.

6. Tax refund claims resulting from trades settled on or near
the dividend date

c) COMMERZBANK

Aktiengesellschaft's

disclosures

on

the

measurement of ship financing loans are contained in the notes to
Our presentation of these key audit matters has been structured in

the consolidated financial statements, in particular in notes 2 and

each case as follows:

25.

a) Matter and issue

2. Valuation of securities and derivatives at fair value

b) Audit approach and findings

a) COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft conducts trading in secu-

c) Reference to further information

rities and derivatives which it presents in the consolidated financial statements based on the categories Held for Trading, Fair

Hereinafter we present the key audit matters:

Value Option, Available for Sale and Loans and Receivables. For
the purposes of accounting and disclosure in the notes to the

1. Measurement of ship financing loans

financial statements, the Company determines the fair value for

a) COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft is engaged in the ship

these financial instruments in accordance with IFRS 13. These in-

financing business. During the reporting period, this business area

struments are valued in COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft’s

made a significant contribution to the specific loan loss provisions,

trading division and are then verified independently of the trading

with the result that the ship financing business had a significant

division. The fair value is determined on the basis of the price for a

impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements and, in

financial instrument established on an active market (mark-to-

particular, its financial performance. From the accounting point of

market; fair value hierarchy level 1). If no market prices are availa-

view, the measurement of these loans regularly requires the use of

ble, the valuation is based on quoted prices for similar instruments

estimates, particularly of future charter rates. In connection with

on active markets. If no quoted prices for identical or similar

the liquidation of non-performing loans, cash flows from the reali-

financial instruments are available, valuation models which use

zation of collateral also need to be estimated. Since these valua-

observable market data to the greatest extent possible as inputs

tion parameters have a significant influence on whether or to what

are used to determine the fair value (mark-to-model; fair value

extend specific loan loss provisions are required and these specific

hierarchy level 2). If there is insufficient recent observable market

loan loss provisions are insofar subject to considerable uncertain-

data available to establish fair value, parameters which are not

ties, this matter was of particular significance for our audit.

observable on the market are also used in the valuation models.
approximations using, inter alia, historical data (fair value hierar-

first assessed the appropriateness and effectiveness of the Compa-

chy level 3). In addition, for OTC derivatives the Company also cal-

ny’s relevant internal control system for the measure-ment of ship

culates valuation adjustments for counterparty risk and funding

financing loans. We also included the corresponding business

cost.

organization, IT systems and valuation models in our assessment.

Financial instruments which are valued based on models are

In addition, we assessed the measurement of ship financing loans,

therefore subject to increased valuation uncertainties and wider

including the appropriateness of estimated values, by, among other

reasonable ranges. This applies in particular to complex finan-

things, examining the correct application of the valuation models

cial instruments and the use of unobservable parameters. Due to

and by evaluating the appropriateness of the future charter rates,

the potential impacts of these valuation uncertainties on the con-

proceeds from the realization of collateral and other input factors

solidated financial statements, the valuation of financial instru-

used. For this purpose, we also examined the evaluations and

ments in fair value hierarchy levels 2 and 3, including valuation

explanations provided by the Company, taking into account our

adjustments for counterparty risk and funding cost, was of particular significance for our audit.

Group Financial Statements

These input parameters may include data derived in the form of
b) As part of our audit of the consolidated financial statements, we

294

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

b) As part of our audit, we analyzed in particular the securities

etermination of the purchase price, the accounting treatment of

and derivatives valued using models, with the focus on instru-

the termination of pre-acquisition business relations and the

ments which were subject to increased valuation uncertainties

remeasurement of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at

(levels 2 and 3). We then assessed the appropriateness and effec-

fair value, as well as the calculation of goodwill, and assessed their

tiveness of the Company’s relevant controls of the internal control

appropriateness. We also assessed whether the data migration was

system relating to the valuation of these securities and derivatives,

carried out. In doing so, we involved the specialist experts from

in particular the independent price verification and model valida-

our national office for accounting and further specialists from the

tion. With the assistance of our internal specialists for financial

areas of company valuations, tax law, corporate law and IT audits.

mathematics, we carried out an assessment of the appropriateness

We were able to satisfy ourselves that the transaction was present-

of the valuation models used and the inputs used for selected clas-

ed appropriately in the consolidated financial statements and that

ses of securities and derivatives. In addition, we carried out a sep-

the estimates and assumptions made by the executive directors

arate, independent valuation of selected portfolios of OTC deri-

are sufficiently documented and substantiated.

vatives (Level 2) as of the balance sheet date. We then examined
the methods applied to calculate valuation adjustments for coun-

c) The Company's explanatory notes pertaining to this transaction

terparty risk and funding cost for OTC derivatives to ascertain the

are contained in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.

extent to which these are suitable for determining an appropriate
fair value within the meaning of an exit price in accordance with

4. Recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets

IFRS 13. In our view, the fair values of securities and derivatives

a) The consolidated financial statements of COMMERZBANK

based on the valuation methods and assumptions used by the

Aktiengesellschaft contain material amounts of deferred tax assets.

executive directors are within the ranges we consider to be

The projected results in accordance with IFRSs, which serve as the

acceptable.

starting point for tax planning, are derived from the multi-year
plan for 2018 to 2021. As the result of a change in the interpreta-

c) Further information on the measurement of trades is contained

tion of the law, write-downs were recognized in respect of domes-

in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, in particular

tic deferred tax assets on foreign loss carryforwards in the

in notes 30, 31 and 32.

financial year. With respect to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
(domestic Group companies), the deferred tax assets that could

3. Acquisition of installment loan business of Commerz Finanz
GmbH

potentially be recognized on the basis of the IFRS projected
results now exceed the deferred tax assets actually reported. From

a) In financial year 2017, the joint venture Commerz Finanz

our point of view, this matter was of particular significance for our

GmbH, Munich, operated together with BNP Paribas Personal

audit, as the multi-year plan serving as the basis for the recovera-

Finance S.A., Paris/France, for the purpose of jointly marketing

bility of deferred taxes is highly dependent on the estimates and

consumer loans, was terminated. In this connection, the division

assumptions made by the executive directors and subject to con-

comprising the installment loan business marketed via COMMERZ-

siderable uncertainties.

BANK Aktiengesellschaft was transferred to COMMERZBANK

Group Financial Statements

Aktiengesellschaft.

large-scale

b) For our audit of the proper recognition and measurement of

migrations in the data processing systems of COMMERZBANK

This

transaction

necessitated

deferred tax assets, we included specialists from our tax and com-

Aktiengesellschaft. In addition, it resulted in complex accounting

pany valuations department in our audit team. With their assis-

issues relating to the presentation in the financial reporting.

tance, we assessed, the processes and controls established by the

Against this background, in our view this matter was of particular

Company to record and measure deferred tax assets. We assessed

significance for our audit.

the recoverability of the deferred tax assets on the basis of the
multi-year plan prepared by the executive directors and we

b) As part of our audit, we firstly inspected the respective contrac-

assessed the appropriateness of the planning assumptions used.

tual agreements relating to the acquisition of the installment loan

Our assessment also covered the correctness of the reconciliation

portfolio. In addition, we performed a variety of audit procedures

of the projected results to the tax result, compliance of the method

with respect to the installment loan business acquired relating to

used to calculate deferred taxes with IAS 12 and the mathematical

the legal compliance of the accounting, the implications under tax
law and the IT migration. Among other things, we assessed the

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

accuracy of the calculations. Based on our audit procedures, we
were able to satisfy ourselves that the estimates and assumptions

Further Information

295

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

6. Tax refund claims resulting from trades settled around the
dividend date

made by the executive directors are within the ranges we consider

a) In assessment periods not yet subject to limitation for assess-

to be acceptable.

ment, COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft received dividends
from trades settled and claimed tax credits and tax refunds (to-

c) The Company's disclosures pertaining to deferred tax assets

gether: tax claims) for the dividend withholding tax levied thereon.

are contained in notes 2 and 48 to the consolidated financial

There is the risk that the tax claims resulting from such transac-

statements.

tions do not accrue to the Company at least partially, bacause it
may be not be considered as the legal or economic owner.

5. Audit of provisions required in the context of the
“Commerzbank 4.0” strategy

COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft reflected this risk for potentially affected “cum-ex” and “cum-cum” transactions as of

a) COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft unveiled its new “Commerz-

31 December 2017 by means of a provision respectively a contin-

bank 4.0” strategic program in financial year 2016. Under the new

gent liability as disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial

strategy, the Company will focus on its core business and has

statements. Given that the non-recognition of tax claims could

modified its objectives and planning accordingly. In financial year

have a material impact on COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft’s

2017, the Company reached agreement with the employee repre-

tax items reported in the balance sheet, the statement of compre-

sentative committees on a reconciliation of interests and a social

hensive income and the notes to the consolidated financial state-

plan. The binding agreements form the basis for the Company's

ments, in our view these matters were of particular significance

staff reductions announced in autumn 2016 as part of the

for our audit.

“Commerzbank 4.0” strategy. In connection with the agreement
with the employee representative committees, the Company rec-

b) Based on the (separate) tax certificates issued by COMMERZ-

orded a restructuring provision to be recognized in profit or loss in

BANK Aktiengesellschaft and an analysis of the data from the trad-

2017. In our view, this matter was of particular significance for our

ing and settlement systems used, we examined the amount of tax

audit, as the recognition of restructuring provisions is to a large

claims relating to trades delivered around the dividend date. Fur-

extent based on estimates and assumptions made by the executive

thermore, we investigated whether the Company’s purchases of

directors.

shares prior or around the dividend date and the subsequent sales
We also included the derivative transactions for the purpose of

that the definition of restructur-ing measures within the meaning

hedging market price risks, in order to establish whether the share

of IAS 37.10 has been met. According to that standard, the general

purchases and the hedging transactions were conducted with the

recognition and measurement criteria for provisions and the more

same counterparty. Within our analysis, we addressed the risk

detailed criteria in IAS 37.70 et seqq. have to be assessed. If the

relating to a possible improper structure of these transactions.

provision is a provision for termination benefits, the requirements

For “cum-cum” transactions, in relation to which the German

of IAS 19 apply. In our audit, we assessed whether the individual

Federal Ministry of Finance is-sued a circular dated 17 July 2017

recognition criteria were met and whether the measurement of the

setting out the principles applying to their tax treatment according

restructuring provision was appropriate. For this purpose, we

to the tax authorities' view of the legal position, we also investi-

obtained and evaluated relevant evidence from the executive

gated, based on COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft's trading

directors of the Company. We were able to satisfy ourselves that

data, whether and to what extent the respective counterparties

the matter as well as the estimates and assumptions made by the

were able to claim tax refunds by structuring the transactions in

executive directors in connection with the recognition and meas-

particular ways. Additionally, we examined if other entities in the

urement of a restructuring provision were sufficiently documented

Group beside COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft could potentially

and substantiated. The measurement is within the ranges we con-

be affected.

sider to be acceptable.

For “cum-ex” transactions, we examined the extent to which
short sales were executed although the respective shares were

c) The Company's disclosures pertaining to the provisions are
contained in notes 2, 20 and 54 to the consolidated financial
statements.

available in stock.

Group Financial Statements

of those shares were conducted with identical market participants.
b) The requirement for recognizing a restructuring provision is

296

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Based on the information available to us, current court rulings

Responsibilities of the Executive Directors and the Supervisory

and the statements made by the tax authorities, we were able to

Board for the Consolidated Finan-cial Statements and the

satisfy ourselves that the estimates made by the executive direc-

Group Management Report

tors with respect to the accounting treatment of a possible non-

The executive directors are responsible for the preparation of the

recognition of asserted tax refund claims were sufficiently docu-

consolidated financial statements that comply, in all material

mented in detail and substantiated.

respects, with IFRSs as adopted by the EU and the additional
requirements of German commercial law pursuant to § 315e Abs.

c) The Company's disclosures pertaining to the possible non-

1 HGB and that the consolidated financial statements, in compli-

recognition of asserted tax refund claims are contained in notes 2

ance with these requirements, give a true and fair view of the

and 56 to the consolidated financial statements.

assets, liabilities, financial position, and financial performance of
the Group. In addition the executive directors are responsible for

Other Information

such internal control as they have determined necessary to enable

The executive directors are responsible for the other information.

the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free

The other information comprises the following non-audited parts of

from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

the group management report:

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the execu-

• the group statement on corporate governance pursuant to

tive directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to

§ 315d HGB included in section “details pursuant to § 315 of

continue as a going concern. They also have the responsibility for

the German Commercial Code (HGB)” of the group manage-

disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern. In addi-

ment report

tion, they are responsible for financial reporting based on the going

• the separate non-financial group report pursuant to § 289b Abs.
3 HGB and § 315b Abs. 3 HGB.

concern basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate
the Group or to cease operations, or there is no realistic alternative
but to do so.

The other information comprises further the remaining parts of

Furthermore, the executive directors are responsible for the

the annual report – excluding cross-references to external infor-

preparation of the group management report that, as a whole, pro-

mation – with the exception of the audited consolidated financial

vides an appropriate view of the Group’s position and is, in all mate-

statements, the audited group management report and our audi-

rial respects, consistent with the consolidated financial statements,

tor’s report.

complies with German legal requirements, and appropriately pre-

Our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements

sents the opportunities and risks of future development. In addition,

and on the group management report do not cover the other

the executive directors are responsible for such arrangements and

information, and consequently we do not express an audit opinion

measures (systems) as they have considered necessary to enable the

or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.

preparation of a group management report that is in accordance

In connection with our audit, our responsibility is to read the

with the applicable German legal requirements, and to be able to

other information and, in so doing, to consider whether the other

provide sufficient appropriate evidence for the assertions in the

information

group management report.

• is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial state-

The supervisory board is responsible for overseeing the

ments, with the group manage-ment report or our knowledge

Group’s financial reporting process for the preparation of the con-

obtained in the audit, or

solidated financial statements and of the group management

Group Financial Statements

• otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

report.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated

there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are

Financial Statements and of the Group Management Report

required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether

regard.

the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements
139
142
144
146
148
291
292

Further Information

material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and whether

conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to

the group management report as a whole provides an appropriate

draw attention in the auditor’s report to the related disclosures

view of the Group’s position and, in all material respects, is con-

in the consolidated financial statements and in the group man-

sistent with the consolidated financial statements and the

agement report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify

knowledge obtained in the audit, complies with the German legal

our respective audit opinions. Our conclusions are based on the

requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and

audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s

risks of future development, as well as to issue an auditor’s report

report. However, future events or conditions may cause the

that includes our audit opinions on the consolidated financial

Group to cease to be able to continue as a going concern.

statements and on the group management report.

• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a

consolidated financial state-ments, including the disclosures,

guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with § 317 HGB

and whether the consolidated financial statements present the

and the EU Audit Regulation and in compliance with German Gen-

underlying transactions and events in a manner that the consol-

erally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promul-

idated financial statements give a true and fair view of the

gated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW) and supple-

assets, liabilities, financial position and financial performance

mentary compliance with the ISAs will always detect a material

of the Group in compliance with IFRSs as adopted by the EU

misstatement. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are

and the additional requirements of German commercial law

considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could

pursuant to § 315e Abs. 1 HGB.

reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of

• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the

users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements

financial information of the entities or business activities within

and this group management report.

the Group to express audit opinions on the consolidated finan-

We exercise professional judgment and maintain professional

cial statements and on the group management report. We are

skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of

• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the

the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit

consolidated financial statements and of the group manage-

opinions.

ment report, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform

• Evaluate the consistency of the group management report with

audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit

the consolidated financial statements, its conformity with Ger-

evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for

man law, and the view of the Group’s position it provides.

our audit opinions. The risk of not detecting a material mis-

• Perform audit procedures on the prospective information pre-

statement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting

sented by the executive directors in the group management

from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional

report. On the basis of sufficient appropriate audit evidence we

omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal

evaluate, in particular, the significant assumptions used by the

control.

executive directors as a basis for the prospective information,

• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the

and evaluate the proper derivation of the prospective infor-

audit of the consolidated financial statements and of arrange-

mation from these assumptions. We do not express a separate

ments and measures (systems) relevant to the audit of the

audit opinion on the prospective information and on the

group management report in order to design audit procedures

assumptions used as a basis. There is a substantial unavoidable

that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the pur-

risk that future events will differ materially from the prospective

pose of expressing an audit opinion on the effectiveness of

information.

these systems.

• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used by the

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding,

executive directors and the reasonableness of estimates made

among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit

by the executive directors and related disclosures.

and significant audit findings, including any significant deficien-

• Conclude on the appropriateness of the executive directors’ use

297

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet
Statement of changes in equity
Cash flow statement
Notes
Responsibility statement by the Board
Auditor’s Report

cies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the

We also provide those charged with governance with a state-

audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists

ment that we have complied with the relevant independence

related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt

requirements, and communicate with them all relationships and

on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we

other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, the related safeguards.

Group Financial Statements

To our Shareholders

298

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most signifi-

mittee pursuant to Article 11 of the EU Audit Regulation (longform audit report).

cance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the
current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter.

OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY
REQUIREMENTS

GERMAN PUBLIC AUDITOR
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ENGAGEMENT
The German Public Auditor responsible for the engagement is
Helge Olsson.

Further Information pursuant to Article 10 of the EU Audit
Regulation

Frankfurt/Main, 5 March 2018

We were elected as group auditor by the annual general meeting

PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH

on 3 May 2017. We were engaged by the supervisory board on

Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft

11 July 2017. We have been the group auditor of COMMERZBANK
Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt/Main, without interruption since the
financial year 1952.
We declare that the audit opinions expressed in this auditor’s

Group Financial Statements

report are consistent with the addi-tional report to the audit com-

Clemens Koch

Helge Olsson

Wirtschaftsprüfer

Wirtschaftsprüferin

(German Public Auditor)

(German Public Auditor)

Further Information
› We inform you about the seats on mandatory supervisory boards and similar

Further Information

bodies for members of the Board of Managing Directors, members of the
Supervisory Board and employees of Commerzbank. We also inform you about
the result of the review of the combined separate non-financial report as well
as about the information on the encumbrance of assets and the quarterly
results by segment.

300

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Seats on supervisory boards
and similar bodies
Members of the Board of Managing Directors of
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Information pursuant to Art. 285 no. 10 of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
a) Seats on other mandatory supervisory boards (in Germany)
b) Seats in similar national and international bodies

Martin Zielke

Stephan Engels
1

b) CommerzVentures GmbH

b) CommerzVentures GmbH
Deputy Chairman

Frank Annuscheit

EIS Einlagensicherungsbank GmbH
Chairman

a) BVV Versicherungsverein des
Bankgewerbes a.G.
Deputy Chairman

1

mBank S.A.
Deputy Chairman

comdirect bank Aktiengesellschaft1
Deputy Chairman

1

Commerz Services Holding GmbH
Chairman

b) mBank S.A.1

Michael Mandel
a) comdirect bank Aktiengesellschaft1
Chairman

b) BVV Versorgungskasse
des Bankgewerbes e.V.
Deputy Chairman

Dr. Marcus Chromik

Dr. Bettina Orlopp
1

Commerz Real AG1
Deputy Chairman
SCHUFA Holding AG
(until 19.6.2017)
b) Commerz Real Investmentgesellschaft mbH1
Deputy Chairman
CommerzVentures GmbH1
(since 20.9.2017)
mBank S.A.1

Further Information

.

1

Group mandate.

(since 1.11.2017)
a) Commerz Real AG1
Michael Reuther
b) EUREX Deutschland AöR
Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse AöR
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank AöR
Verlagsbeteiligungs- und Verwaltungsgesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

301

300 Seats on other boards
303 Independent
Practitioner’s Report of
the non-financial report
305 Information on the
encumbrance of assets
308 Quarterly results
by segment
310 Five-year overview

Members of the Supervisory Board of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Information pursuant to Art. 285 no. 10 of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
a) Seats on other mandatory supervisory boards (in Germany)
b) Seats in similar national and international bodies

Klaus-Peter Müller

Dr. Tobias Guldimann

Beate Mensch

a) Fresenius Management SE

(since 3.5.2017)
b) Edmond de Rothschild Holding S.A.,
Chambésy (Schweiz)

a) Münchener RückversicherungsGesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft,
Munich

b) Parker Hannifin Corporation,
Cleveland
Uwe Tschäge
––

Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A.,
Genf (Schweiz)
Edmond de Rothschild (Monaco) S.A.,
Monaco (Fürstentum Monaco)
Fedafin AG, Widnau (Schweiz)
Chairman

Hans-Hermann Altenschmidt
––
Heike Anscheit
(since 1.1.2017)
––

Stefan Jennes
(since 1.2.2017)
––

a) KfW-Bankengruppe
(until 30.3.2017)

a) BVV Pensionsfonds des
Bankgewerbes AG

b) Computershare Limited, Melbourne

b) BVV Versorgungskasse
des Bankgewerbes e.V.

Dr. Roger Müller
(until 3.5.2017)
––
Dr. Helmut Perlet
a) Allianz SE
Chairman
(until 6.5.2017)
GEA GROUP AG
Chairman
Mark Roach
––

Alexandra Krieger
a) AbbVie Komplementär GmbH
Evonik Resource Efficiency GmbH

Stefan Burghardt
––

Oliver Leiberich
––

Sabine U. Dietrich

Dr. Stefan Lippe

––

––

Dr. Markus Kerber

Gunnar de Buhr

BVV Versicherungsverein
des Bankgewerbes a.G.

Anja Mikus

b) Acqupart Holding AG, Zug
Deputy Chairman

Karl-Heinz Flöther

AXA S.A., Paris

a) Deutsche Börse AG,
Frankfurt am Main

Celsius Pro AG, Zürich
Chairman
YES.com AG, Lachen
Chairman

Margit Schoffer
(until 31.1.2017)
––
Nicholas Teller
––
Dr. Gertrude Tumpel-Gugerell
b) Finanzmarktbeteiligung Aktiengesellschaft des Bundes, Vienna
(until 7.3.2017)
Österreichische Bundesbahnen
Holding AG, Vienna
(until 9.2.2018)
OMV Aktiengesellschaft, Vienna
Vienna Insurance Group AG, Vienna

Further Information

Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA

302

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Employees of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Information pursuant to Art. 340a (4) no. 1 of the German Commercial Code (HGB)
as at reporting date: 31.12.2017.

Dorthe Freifrau von Beaulieu-Marconnay
Commerz Systems GmbH1
Ulrich Coenen
Commerz Direktservice GmbH1
Volker Ergler
Stadtwerke Viernheim GmbH
Gerold Fahr
Stadtwerke Ratingen GmbH
Chairman
Martin Fischedick
Borgers SE & Co. KGaA

Andrea Habermann
Delta Direkt Lebensversicherung
Aktiengesellschaft Munich
Marcus König
Städtische Werke Nürnberg
Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung
VAG Verkehrs-Aktiengesellschaft
Dr. Annette Messemer
K+S Aktiengesellschaft
Stephan Müller
Commerz Systems GmbH1
Chairman

Sabine Schmittroth
comdirect bank Aktiengesellschaft1
Commerz Direktservice GmbH1
Chairman
Commerz Real AG1
Dr. Jochen Sutor
Commerz Real AG1
Benedikt Winzen
Wohnstätte Krefeld, WohnungsAktiengesellschaft
Reiner Wohlmann
Commerz Systems GmbH1

Jörg van Geffen
Häfen und Güterverkehr Köln AG
Sven Gohlke
Bombardier Transportation GmbH

Further Information

Dr. Gerd Gouverneur
Commerz Systems GmbH1
Deputy Chairman

1

Group mandate.

Stefan Nodewald
SCHWÄLBCHEN MOLKEREI Jakob Berz
Aktiengesellschaft
Christian Rhino
Commerz Direktservice GmbH1
Roman Schmidt
Commerz Real AG1

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

303

300 Seats on other boards
303 Independent
Practitioner’s Report of
the non-financial report
305 Information on the
encumbrance of assets
308 Quarterly results
by segment
310 Five-year overview

Independent Practitioner‘s Report
on a Limited Assurance Engagement on Non-financial Reporting1

To Commerzbank AG,
Frankfurt/Main

Independence and Quality Control of the
Audit Firm
We have complied with the German professional provisions

We have performed a limited assurance engagement on the com-

regarding independence as well as other ethical requirements.

bined separate non-financial report pursuant to §§ (Articles) 340a

Our audit firm applies the national legal requirements and pro-

Abs. (paragraph) 1a in conjunction with (hereinafter “icw”) 289b

fessional standards – in particular the Professional Code for Ger-

Abs. 3 and 340i Abs. 5 icw 315b Abs. 3 HGB ("Handelsgesetz-

man Public Auditors and German Chartered Auditors (“Berufs-

buch": "German Commercial Code") of Commerzbank AG, Frank-

satzung

furt am Main, (hereinafter the “Company”) for the period from

BS WP/vBP”) as well as the Standard on Quality Control 1 published

1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017 (hereinafter the “Non-

by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (Institute of Public Auditors in

financial Report”).

Germany; IDW): Requirements to quality control for audit firms

für

Wirtschaftsprüfer

und

vereidigte

Buchprüfer;

(IDW Qualitätssicherungsstandard 1: Anforderungen an die Qualitätssicherung in der Wirtschaftsprüferpraxis; IDW QS 1) – and ac-

Responsibilities of the Executive Directors

cordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control
including documented policies and procedures regarding compli-

The executive directors of the Company are responsible for the

ance with ethical requirements, professional standards and appli-

preparation of the Non-financial Report in accordance with §§ 340a

cable legal and regulatory requirements.

Abs. 1a icw 289b Abs. 3 and 340i Abs. 5 icw 315b Abs. 3 HGB.
This responsibility of Company’s executive directors includes
the selection and application of appropriate methods of non-

Practitioner´s Responsibility

financial reporting as well as making assumptions and estimates
related to individual non-financial disclosures which are reasona-

Our responsibility is to express a limited assurance conclusion on

ble in the circumstances. Furthermore, the executive directors are

the Non-financial Report based on the assurance engagement we

responsible for such internal control as they have considered nec-

have performed.

essary to enable the preparation of a Non-financial Report that is
free from material misstatement whether due to fraud or error.

Within the scope of our engagement we did not perform an audit on external sources of in-formation or expert opinions, referred

Further Information

to in the Non-financial Report.

1

PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH has performed a limited assurance engagement on the German version of the Non-financial Report and
issued an independent assurance report in German language, which is authoritative. The following text is a translation of the independent
assurance report.

304

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

We conducted our assurance engagement in accordance with

Assurance Conclusion

the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE)
3000 (Revised): Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Re-

Based on the assurance procedures performed and assurance evi-

views of Historical Financial Information, issued by the IAASB.

dence obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us

This Standard requires that we plan and perform the assurance

to believe that the Company’s Non-financial Report for the period

engagement to allow us to conclude with limited assurance that

from 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017 has not been prepared,

nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that

in all material aspects, in accordance with §§ 340a Abs. 1a icw

the Company’s Non-financial Report for the period from 1 January

289b Abs. 3 and 340i Abs. 5 icw 315b Abs. 3 HGB.

2017 to 31 December 2017 has not been prepared, in all material
aspects, in accordance with §§ 340a Abs. 1a icw 289b Abs. 3 and
340i Abs. 5 icw 315b Abs. 3 HGB.

Intended Use of the Assurance Report

In a limited assurance engagement the assurance procedures
are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement,

We issue this report on the basis of the engagement agreed with

and therefore a substantially lower level of assurance is obtained.

the Company. The assurance engagement has been performed

The assurance procedures selected depend on the practitioner’s

for purposes of the Company and the report is solely intended to

judgment.

inform the Company about the results of the limited assurance
engagement. The report is not intended for any third parties to

Within the scope of our assurance engagement, we performed

base any (financial) decision thereon. Our responsibility lies only

amongst others the following assurance procedures and further

with the Company. We do not assume any responsibility towards

activities:

third parties.

• Obtaining an understanding of the structure of the sustainability
organization

• Inquiries of personnel involved in the preparation of the Nonfinancial Report regarding the preparation process, the internal

Frankfurt/Main, 5 March 2018

control system relating to this process and selected disclosures
in the Non-financial Report

• Identification of the likely risks of material misstatement of the

PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft

Non-financial Report

• Analytical evaluation of selected disclosures in the Nonfinancial Report

• Comparison of selected disclosures with corresponding data in
the (consolidated) financial statements and in the (group) man-

Hendrik Fink

ppa. Nicolette Behncke

agement report

Wirtschaftsprüfer

Wirtschaftsprüfer

[German public auditor]

[German public auditor]

Further Information

• Evaluation of the presentation of the non-financial information

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

305

300 Seats on other boards
303 Independent
Practitioner’s Report of
the non-financial report
305 Information on the
encumbrance of assets
308 Quarterly results
by segment
310 Five-year overview

Information on the
encumbrance of assets
The following disclosure is made pursuant to Article 100 in

OTC

derivatives

transactions

are

concluded

based

on

conjunction with Article 443 of the Capital Requirements

internationally standardised master agreements such as the ISDA

Regulation (CRR), taking account of the recommendation of the

Master Agreement or the German Master Agreement for Financial

European Systemic Risk Board on the funding of credit institutions

Futures. The collateralisation under these agreements, in some

(ESRB, 2012/2). According to the related guidelines of the

cases stipulated by EU regulations and in others determined in

European Banking Authority (GL/2014/03), an asset should be

accordance with the wishes of the parties, is fundamentally based

treated as encumbered if it has been pledged or is subject to any

on

form of arrangement to secure, collateralise or credit-enhance any

arrangements. These arrangements in the derivatives business

on-balance-sheet or off-balance-sheet transaction from which it

usually involve the collateralisation of the respective obligation

cannot be freely withdrawn. Assets pledged that are subject to any

from the totality of all transactions between the parties under a

restrictions in withdrawal, such as assets that require prior

master agreement through the transfer of title over the collateral

approval before withdrawal or replacement by other assets, should

to the buyer of protection.

and

bilaterally

negotiated

collateralisation

In contrast, the master agreements for securities lending and

The Commerzbank Group offers a wide range of standardised

securities

repurchase

transactions

usually

do

not

require

and customer-specific financial services for private, corporate,

additional collateralisation because collateralisation is already an

public-sector and institutional customers. The main triggers for

inherent component of the transaction. Commerzbank, in its

the encumbrance of the Bank’s assets are therefore as follows:

capacity as a recipient of collateral, regularly has the right to

• supplementing the funding of the Bank’s lending business

realise or pledge such collateral provided that it returns equivalent

through

covered

bonds

(particularly

Pfandbriefe)

and

securitisations;

• securities lending and repo transactions to fund the Bank’s
securities business;

• derivatives business and associated posting of collateral;
• provision of collateral for third-party funds lent by development
banks for assets eligible for development assistance.

securities when the transaction is concluded. As well as fulfilling
the requirements of the German Pfandbrief legislation, covered
bonds issued by the core bank must also meet the more stringent
overcollateralisation requirements of the rating agencies. The
overcollateralisation of covered bonds in programmes that are
being wound down has been reduced to the requirements of the
Pfandbrief legislation and disclosed publicly.
There are no material Pfandbrief liabilities.
In repo and Pfandbrief business, besides transactions in euros,
there are also relevant foreign currency liabilities denominated in
US dollars and Polish zloty.

Further Information

be considered encumbered.

customary

306

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

The table below contains information on encumbered and

with the liquidity requirements under Part Six of EU Regulation

unencumbered assets of the Commerzbank Group according to

575/2013. For the calculation of the figures published here, the

CRR. The group of consolidated companies under CRR is not

median of the past four quarters in 2017 was used.

significantly different from the consolidated assets in accordance
řm

Encumbered assets
Carrying amount

Assets

Unencumbered assets
Fair value

Carrying amount

87,553

Fair value

389,289

Equity instruments

6,496

6,496

9,911

9,915

Debt securities

16,122

15,847

47,520

45,777

258

258

6,337

6,303
8,344

of which: covered bonds
of which: asset-backed securities

478

475

8,455

of which: issued by general governments

10,685

10,414

25,654

of which: issued by financial corporations

3,126

3,122

19,412

19,201

of which: issued by non-financial corporations

2,311

2,311

2,454

2,333

Other assets
of which: loans and advances other than
loans on demand

64,935

331,858

64,109

211,346

More than 50% of the unencumbered other assets may also be

The breakdown of collateral received and own debt securities

used to provide security or collateral. Assets that may not be

issued was as follows at the reporting date:

encumbered include, in particular, loans secured by deposited
securities, derivatives without collaterals and non-financial assets.
31.12.2017
řm

Fair value of encumbered
collateral received or own
debt securities issued

Fair value of collateral received or
own debt securities issued available
for encumbrance

Collateral received

57,956

24,795

Loans on demand

-

248

Equity instruments

2,071

2,971

Debt securities

55,885

21,576

1,519

746

of which: covered bonds
of which: asset-backed securities

379

637

of which: issued by general governments

47,223

17,129

of which: issued by financial corporations

7,070

3,858

of which: issued by non-financial corporations

1,592

589

Own debt securities issued other than own covered bonds or ABSs

4,825

Retained covered bonds issued

Further Information

Total assets, collateral received and own debt securities issued

697
145,509

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

307

300 Seats on other boards
303 Independent
Practitioner’s Report of
the non-financial report
305 Information on the
encumbrance of assets
308 Quarterly results
by segment
310 Five-year overview

The liabilities associated or secured with encumbered assets were
as follows at the reporting date:
31.12.2017
řm

Matching liabilities, contingent
liabilities or securities lent

Assets, collateral received and own
debt securities issued other than
encumbered Pfandbriefe and ABSs

89,425

126,321

Carrying amount of selected financial liabilities

There are no material encumbrances of assets that are not related

The information above relates to the consolidated assets of

to recognised liabilities. Based on the median values, the

Commerzbank Group. As a result, no transactions carried out

encumbrance of assets declined versus the previous year, in line

within the Group affect the information on encumbrance.

Further Information

with the significant reduction in consolidated total assets.

308

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Quarterly results by segment
1st quarter 2017

Private and
Small Business
Customers

Corporate
Clients

Asset &
Capital
Recovery

Others and
Consolidation

Group

Net interest income

567

483

34

– 33

1,052

Dividend income

4

18

–

6

28

– 33

– 43

– 119

–

– 195

řm

Loan loss provisions
Other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement
gain or loss

–

–7

–1

5

–3

Net commission income

545

347

–

–5

887

Net income from financial assets and liabilities at fair
value through profit or loss

39

257

72

33

402

Net income from hedge accounting

–

–2

–4

– 28

– 34

Other realised profit or loss from financial instruments

6

2

–

43

50
7

Current net income from companies accounted for
using the equity method

–

7

–

–

Other net income

7

–5

13

– 12

3

Income before loan loss provisions

1,168

1,100

115

9

2,392

Income after loan loss provisions

1,135

1,057

–4

9

2,197

Operating expenses

941

790

29

105

1,865

Operating profit or loss

194

267

– 33

– 96

332

Impairments on goodwill and other intangible assets

–

–

–

–

–

Restructuring expenses

–

–

–

–

–

Pre-tax profit or loss

194

267

– 33

– 96

332

Private and
Small Business
Customers

Corporate
Clients

Asset &
Capital
Recovery

Others and
Consolidation

Group

Net interest income

575

405

47

– 20

1,006

Dividend income

7

3

–

17

27

– 43

– 33

– 92

–

– 167

2nd quarter 2017
řm

Further Information

Loan loss provisions
Other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement
gain or loss

–3

–4

–5

–3

– 14

Net commission income

477

312

–

– 11

779

Net income from financial assets and liabilities at fair
value through profit or loss

36

209

8

43

296

Net income from hedge accounting

–1

–3

– 17

– 34

– 55

Other realised profit or loss from financial instruments

6

–1

–

14

19
9

Current net income from companies accounted for
using the equity method

2

7

–

–

Other net income

14

14

5

– 31

2

Income before loan loss provisions

1,112

942

39

– 25

2,068

Income after loan loss provisions

1,069

909

– 54

– 24

1,901

Operating expenses

927

675

28

87

1,718

Operating profit or loss

142

234

– 82

– 111

183

Impairments on goodwill and other intangible assets

–

–

–

–

–

Restructuring expenses

–

–

–

807

807

Pre-tax profit or loss

142

234

– 82

– 918

– 624

To our Shareholders

Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report

Financial Statements

Further Information

309

3rd quarter 2017

Private and
Small Business
Customers

Corporate
Clients

Asset &
Capital
Recovery

Others and
Consolidation

Group

Net interest income

583

416

28

13

1,040

Dividend income

4

2

–

12

17

Loan loss provisions

– 55

– 47

– 65

–

– 168

Other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement
gain or loss

–1

–3

– 28

2

– 29

Net commission income

řm

465

278

–

–6

738

Net income from financial assets and liabilities at fair
value through profit or loss

37

245

– 11

– 46

225

Net income from hedge accounting

–1

–1

–7

1

–8

Other realised profit or loss from financial instruments

93

21

–

–9

105

Current net income from companies accounted for
using the equity method

–

5

–

–

5

182

8

5

223

417

Income before loan loss provisions

1,362

971

– 13

190

2,510

Income after loan loss provisions

1,307

923

– 78

190

2,342

Operating expenses

926

682

22

84

1,714

Operating profit or loss

382

241

– 100

106

629

Impairments on goodwill and other intangible assets

–

–

–

–

–

Restructuring expenses

–

–

–

–

–

Pre-tax profit or loss

382

241

– 100

106

629

Private and
Small Business
Customers

Corporate
Clients

Asset &
Capital
Recovery

Others and
Consolidation

Group

Net interest income

627

427

75

– 26

1,103

Dividend income

9

2

–

22

34

4

– 251

Other net income

4th quarter 2017
řm

Loan loss provisions

– 24

– 172

– 59

Other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement
gain or loss

–8

– 18

–5

2

– 29

Net commission income

489

299

1

– 15

774

Net income from financial assets and liabilities at fair
value through profit or loss

36

248

– 41

– 74

169

Net income from hedge accounting

–1

4

–6

13

10

Other realised profit or loss from financial instruments

16

6

4

60

85

Current net income from companies accounted for
using the equity method

–

2

–

–

2

Other net income

21

4

–3

22

44

Income before loan loss provisions

1,190

975

25

3

2,193

Income after loan loss provisions

1,166

804

– 35

7

1,942

Operating expenses

1,016

737

19

9

1,782

Operating profit or loss

149

66

– 54

–2

159

Impairments on goodwill and other intangible assets

–

–

–

–

–

Restructuring expenses

–

–

–

–

–

Pre-tax profit or loss

149

66

– 54

–3

159

Further Information

300 Seats on other boards
303 Independent
Practitioner’s Report of
the non-financial report
305 Information on the
encumbrance of assets
308 Quarterly results
by segment
310 Five-year overview

310

Commerzbank Annual Report 2017

Five-year overview
Income statement | řm

2017

20161

2015

2014

2013

Net interest income

4,201

4,165

4,272

4,273

4,521

Dividend income

106

164

316

231

151

Loan loss provisions

– 781

– 900

– 696

– 1,144

– 1,747

Other realised profit or loss and net remeasurement
gain or loss

– 76

40

– 248

– 133

– 206

Net commission income

3,178

3,212

3,424

3,205

3,215

Net income from financial assets and liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss

1,286

1,092

1,019

1,509

1,506

Net income from hegde accounting

– 86

– 37

– 60

16

14

Other realised profit or loss from financial instruments

259

393

440

151

320

Current net income from companies
accounted for using the equity method

23

150

82

44

60

Other net income

465

293

28

– 540

– 93

Operating expenses

7,079

7,100

7,157

6,926

6,797

Operating profit

1,303

1,399

1,909

684

725

Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets

–

627

–

–

–

Restructuring expenses

808

128

114

61

493

Pre-tax profit or loss

495

643

1,796

623

232

Taxes on income

245

261

619

253

65

Consolidated profit or loss attributable
to non-controlling interests

94

103

115

106

89

Consolidated profit or loss attributable
to Commerzbank shareholders

156

279

1,062

264

78

31.12.2017

31.12.20161

31.12.2015

31.12.2014

31.12.2013

Total assets (řbn)

452.5

480.4

532.6

557.6

549.6

Equity as shown in balance sheet (řbn)

30.0

29.6

30.4

27.0

27.0

Balance sheet

Capital ratios

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

31.12.2015

31.12.2014

31.12.2013

Tier 1 capital ratio (%)

15.2

13.9

13.8

11.7

13.5

Total capital ratio (%)

18.3

16.9

16.5

14.6

19.2

Ratings2

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

31.12.2015

31.12.2014

31.12.2013

A2/Baa1/P– 1

A2/Baa1/P– 1

Baa1/P– 2

Baa1/P– 2

Baa1/P– 2

S&P Global, New York

A–/ A–/ A– 2

BBB+/BBB+/A2

BBB+/A– 2

BBB+/A– 2

A–/A– 2

Fitch Ratings, New York/London

A–/BBB+/F2

A–/BBB+/F2

BBB/F2

A+/F1+

A+/F1+

–/A/S– 1

–

–

–

–

Moody's Investors Service, New York

Scope Ratings, Berlin
1

Further Information

2

Prior-year figures restated.
Deposit rating/issuer credit rating/short-term liabilities (further information can be found online at www.commerzbank.de).
2013–2015 rating for long- and short-term liabilities.

Published by

Disclaimer

Commerzbank AG

Reservation regarding forward-looking

Head Office
Kaiserplatz

statements

Frankfurt/Main

statements on Commerzbank’s business and

www.commerzbank.com

earnings performance, which are based upon

This Annual Report contains forward-looking

our current plans, estimates, forecasts and

This Annual Report is also available in

expectations. The statements entail risks and

German.
Both versions are available online.

uncertainties, as there are a variety of factors
which influence our business and to a great
extent lie beyond our sphere of influence. Above
all, these include the economic situation, the
state of the financial markets worldwide and
possible loan losses. Actual results and

Photographs
Commerzbank (p. 2)

developments may, therefore, diverge

Alexandra Lechner (p. 6)

which, for this reason, are valid only at the time

considerably from our current assumptions,

of publication. We undertake no obligation to

Printing and processing

revise our forward-looking statements in the

Art and advertising print

light of either new information or unexpected

Bad Oeynhausen

events.

Production
Produced in-house using firesys

The German version of this Annual Report
is the authoritative version and only the
German version of the Group Management
Report and the Group Financial Statements
was audited by the auditors.

References made to persons in the
masculine for reasons of readability apply
equally in the feminine.

Publication of the Annual Report
as at 26 March 2018.

Commerzbank’s operations are climate-neutral.
Commerzbank offsets the greenhouse gas emissions produced by the
paper used in this Annual Report by investing in high-quality climate
protection projects.
Further information can be found at: klimaneutrale.commerzbank.de

Key figures

Significant Group companies

Income statement

Germany

Abroad

1,399

comdirect bank AG, Quickborn

Commerzbank Brasil S.A. – Banco Múltiplo, São Paulo

1.12

Commerz Real AG, Eschborn

Commerzbank (Eurasija) AO, Moscow

1.1.– 31.12.2017

1.1.– 31.12.2016 1

Operating profit (€m)

1,303

Operating profit per share (€)

1.04

Pre-tax profit or loss (€m)

495

643

Commerzbank Finance & Covered Bond S.A., Luxembourg

Consolidated profit or loss2 (€m)

156

279

Commerzbank Zrt., Budapest

Earnings per share (€)

0.12

0.22

Commerz Markets LLC, New York
mBank S.A., Warsaw

Operating return on equity based on CET1

5.5

6.0

Return on equity of consolidated profit or loss7 (%)

0.6

1.1

Cost/income ratio in operating business (%)

77.3

75.5

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Total assets (€bn)

452.5

480.4

Risk-weighted assets (€bn)

171.4

190.5

Equity as shown in balance sheet (€bn)

30.0

29.6

Total capital as shown in balance sheet (€bn)

40.1

40.5

Regulatory key figures

31.12.2017

31.12.2016

Tier 1 capital ratio (%)

15.2

13.9

Common Equity Tier 1 ratio5 (%)

14.9

13.9

Common Equity Tier 1 ratio5 (fully phased-in; %)

14.1

12.3

Total capital ratio (%)

18.3

16.9

Leverage ratio (%)

5.5

5.4

Leverage ratio (fully phased-in, %)

5.1

4.8

3, 4

(%)

Balance sheet

Staff

31.12.2017

30.9.2017

Germany

36,917

36,837

Abroad

12,500

12,385

Total

49,417

49,222

Ratings6
Moody’s Investors Service, New York

31.12.2017

30.9.2017

A2/Baa1/P–1

A2/Baa1/P–1

A–/A–/A–2

A–/A–/A–2

A–/BBB+/F2

A–/BBB+/F2

–/A/S–1

–/A/S–1

S&P Global, New York
Fitch Ratings, New York/London
Scope Ratings, Berlin
Prior-year figures restated.
Insofar as attributable to Commerzbank shareholders.
3
Average Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital with full application of Basel 3.
4
Annualised.
5
The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is the ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital (mainly subscribed capital,
reserves and deduction items) to risk-weighted assets. The fully phased-in basis anticipates full application of
the new regulations.
6
Deposit rating/issuer credit rating/short-term liabilities (further information can be found online at
www.commerzbank.com).
7
Ratio of net income attributable to Commerzbank shareholders and average IFRS equity before minority after
deduction of goodwill and other intangible assets.
1

Operative foreign branches
Amsterdam, Barcelona, Bratislava, Beijing, Brno (office),
Brussels, Dubai, Hong Kong, London, Luxembourg, Madrid,
Milan, New York, Ostrava (office), Paris, Prague, Shanghai,
Singapore, Tokyo, Vienna, Zurich

Commerzbank worldwide
Operative foreign branches

21

Representative offices

32

Significant Group companies abroad

6

2

Due to rounding, numbers and percentages in this report may not add up precisely to the totals
provided.

Domestic branches in
private customer business
Foreign branches

~ 1,000
390

Worldwide staff

49,417

International staff

12,500

Domestic staff

36,917

Representative Offices and Financial Institutions Desks
Abidjan, Addis Ababa, Almaty, Ashgabat, Baghdad, Baku,
Bangkok, Beijing (FI Desk), Beirut, Belgrade, Brussels
(Liaison Office to the European Union), Bucharest,
Buenos Aires, Cairo, Caracas, Dhaka, Dubai (FI Desk),
Ho Chi Minh City, Hong Kong (FI Desk), Istanbul, Jakarta,
Johannesburg, Kiev, Kuala Lumpur, Lagos, Luanda,
Melbourne, Milan (FI Desk), Minsk, Moscow, Mumbai,
New York (FI Desk), Panama City, São Paulo (FI Desk),
Seoul, Shanghai (FI Desk), Singapore (FI Desk), Taipei,
Tashkent, Tblisi, Tokyo (FI Desk), Zagreb

2018/2019 Financial calendar
8 May 2018

Annual General Meeting

15 May 2018

Interim Report as at 31 March 2018

7 August 2018

Interim Report as at 30 June 2018

8 November 2018

Interim Report as at 30 September 2018

End-March 2019

Annual Report 2018

2017

Commerzbank AG
Head Office
Kaiserplatz
Frankfurt am Main
www.commerzbank.com
Postal address
60261 Frankfurt am Main
Tel. + 49 69 136-20
info@commerzbank.com
Investor Relations
Tel. + 49 69 136-21331
Fax + 49 69 136-29492
ir@commerzbank.com

Annual Report 2017

Annual Report

